 The first order I received , the motor buzzed but did not turn . Therefore , no good . I returned it and got another . Same deal . Motor did not turn . I did not request another replacement but ordered another brand . Always check the motor before you go to the trouble to install everything and then find out it doesn ' work .
 I bought this item to barbecue a 14lb turkey . No where in the add did it say , maximum weight 7lb . When I received it , the box clearly said nmt 7lbs and I returned it . I am sure deception was not involved , just lack of vital information
 We received the rotisserie kit but the motor was missing . We were very disappointed . Tried to call the company as stated on your packing slip but the number was no longer valid .
 Had a hard time installing this on our grill . Very poor instructions
 I received the product . I tested the motor before I actually assembled it together and the motor was inoperable . The remaining parts to this kit is very bad quality material ...
 The two parts of the central rod are joined via a threadded section and is the weakest link to this product . Next time I will buy a rotisserie kit with a single central rod . The handle broke on the first use and the securing stakes are flimsy . I would not buy this again unless I was only cooking small foods , ie . less than family sized chicken .
 I have a weber grill and was given this as a gift . Surprise , surprise it does not fit a weber grill!No where on the box does it advertise that this is the only type of gas grill not supported .
 This product has very little documentation and as returned immediately after I tried to configure it with the base station . The LCD screen is very small and the contrast is insufficient to easily read the numbers except when a few feet directly in front of the unit . The inability to synchronize with the base station and the poor readability were killers . The lack of documentation -LRB- i.e. what channels does this use , maximum distance , etc -RRB- with the product or online was horrible.Something to be avoided unless you are a do-it-yourselfer with your own equipment to figure out what should have been in the manual .
 I could not get this product to work with the La Crosse WS-8035U-IT Wireless 915mhz Forecast Station as it was advertised to do . After several hours of trying to get it to work I finally gave up in frustration . Had I known that this would be the case I would never have purchased either item .
 sent a unit that reads in Celsius vs Fahrenheit and they would not change it . never do business with them again .
 I wanted to replace an older sensor that seemed to be malfunctioning after several years , I purchased2 2 sensors . Now I have 1 outside and 2 inside for each level of my house , Unfortunately the new sensors read in Celsius . No luck finding help in the manual or online . I have been waiting 2 weeks for technical support to respond to 2 different requests for assistance.Just received a response from La Crosse . These sensors do not have the ability to be changed to Fahrenheit . If you want Fahrenheit you better check before you buy . The picture on the site shows 50 degrees and 40 % humidity . I assumed it was Fahrenheit because 50 degrees Celsius is 122 Fahrenheit !!!!
 Called La Crosse support and their reason is that they service the US and Canada , so there is no way to control which sensor you will receive . Tech support recommends that you call Amazon to see if they can somehow check it for you before ordering . This is ridicules . It 's like ordering a car and not know which side the steering wheel will be since the manufacturer services both Asia and America . You might get the wheel on the left or right .
 There is no option to switch from celsius to fahrenheit . My La Crosse WS-450 receiver did n't recognize this sensor after going through both manuals to program additional sensors .
 The sensor works and transmits to the base station as advertized . BUT , be aware that the TEMPERATURE READOUT ON THIS SENSOR IS ONLY IN DEGREES CENTIGRADE NOT FAHRENHEIT . The description is misleading in that it states the range of Fahrenheit temperatures that the sensor can measure . Never mentioned is the fact that no Fahrenheit temperatures are displayed on the sensor itself . This fact is mentioned buried at the La Crosse website , but not mentioned in the product description.What is the point of having a digital readout in degrees Centigrade on the sensor that is to be sold in the US where we measure temperature in degrees Fahrenheit ? I note that 6 months ago another reviewer received a unit in Australia that reads only in degrees Fahrenheit . Seems like the new units are really not designed for the US and that should me made clear in the product description . `` The devil is in the details . ''
 We had to replace this outdoor sensor after a year . It could have been defective or perhaps some rain got into it somehow . I emailed La Crosse and they said the problems were with people using poor quality or dead batteries . This was not the case with ours . I replaced the original monitor with 3 different battery sets and all were new and tested fine on our battery tester . I could not get it to reset or work again . I think the problem is with the seals or lack of them and they get moisture in them that shorts them out . We 'll see what happens to this new one .
 Disappointingly not as good as the discontinued TX4U , and at a higher price . Probably adequate for indoor use , where the display might also be useful . The outdoor mounting does not give enough thermal isolation from the structure to which it is attached . The idea is to measure air temperature , not wall temperature . Over priced and under designed .
 You would think that the product description in the Amazon listing would state that the temperature readout is in Celcius and not Fahrenheit , but this is not the case . Also the product pictured shows a tempurature of 50 degrees and I doubt that is a Celcius reading . Very dssapointed in product and would not recommend .
 Purchased this item because I had an issue with a sensor that was dead out of the box . The replacement I got I 'm pretty sure checked the temperature by sticking it 's finger in the air and guessing although I never really saw that . The point is that finger method or the sensor are no where close to being accurate and were off anywhere from 8 to fifteen degrees . To La Crosse 's credit they did send me a replacement , but that was replacing junk with junk . Ok so I brought this sensor as a replacement to a previous model as others have stated here for another base station I have . That 's right I was stupid twice . Anyway this sensor does a poor job too . Right now the sensor reads 37.5 degrees and the official temperature is 23 degrees at 0930 in the morning . I understand there may be a variation between what mine reads and and the official temperature but 13.5 degrees ???!!! Also customer service is lacking as it took more than a week to reply to my first email . And all they kept saying was `` Its the battery its battery its the battery ... '' . I know , I checked that ! For me this was a bad choice and the last time -LRB- I think -RRB- that I will ever buy from La Crosse . The real bad news from my research , and I may be wrong on this is that there is nothing between this poor equipment and very good ones like Davis Weather Instruments which run $ 400.00 or more -LRB- and worth it -RRB- for their stations . My wife wo n't let me buy that so I guess for now I 'm out of luck . You have been warned , do n't waste your money .
 Bought 2 of these to replace old ones that no longer worked . When they came and I installed batteries they had the F and C icons showing but when they started to display the temperature in a few seconds they only show celcius . La Crosse tech support tells me you cant change them to fahrenheit even though the old ones where fahrenheit and these are exact part number as the old ones . Telling me the temp in celcius of my remote locations that I want to monitor is usless and I will not buy La Crosse products again .
 Wrong unit sent and have lost receipt . Ole well , some days diamonds and some days coal , With the correct manual I got the unit I was replacing to work properly .
 In most countries they use Celsius , not Fahrenheit , but this product was shipped to Australia with Fahrenheit reading and no apparent way to change to Celsius and no mention made in instruction book either .
 I rated this item so low because of the poor product information and customer service from La Crosse . I have owned and been happy with a ws450B weather station for years ; but the humidity reading on the outdoor sensor was always absurdly low -LRB- &#62; 20pts below true conditions -RRB- . I wanted a 433MHz sensor for the still functional base station , and this is the only item still sold that works on that frequency and provides both temperature and humidity . The item description indicated it should be compatible with my unit -LRB- it is not in the pro series -RRB- , but the sensor was not being read by the base station . I called La Crosse support , and it took nearly a month for someone to call at a time I was home -LRB- left the hours in my initial message -RRB- . They did not pick up the phone during the hours it was supposed to be open , and they took a week to first reply to my message - to which they left another message with no help . When they called today , they first told me the instructions -LRB- which were emphatic about the order to turn on the base station and sensor -RRB- were wrong , and after a few other questions determined the units are not compatible . Then they provided me the number for one of their warehouses for seeing if a 1-1 replacement for my broken sensor is available . From an extensive search online for the model , the chances are slim.This was supposed to be a holiday gift for someone , but is now being returned . I may look into the warehouse option to get further use from the functioning base station at a vacation home , but I am pretty much through with La Crosse . I bought an entire station + sensor set from Ambient Weather -LRB- ws-1171 -RRB- which I and the recipient are very happy with . The new unit can have the humidity readings calibrated , as these sensors have a tendency to drift over time.Bottom line - poor product support , inaccurate compatibility information , and very poor customer support from La Crosse .
 This is supposed to be compatable with a WS 9119 but in my case it has NOT worked.The La Crosse units I have -LRB- 4 of various types -RRB- only seem to reliably work for 6 months or so and then I have troubles - I would not recommend
 We had another one with a perch and they seemed to like it much better . We are noticing they rarely use this one . Too bad , we love having them around the house .
 First of all do n't go by the picture . The handle is n't bent in the vertical plane as shown in the picture , it is bent to the right for reasons that are obscure to the writer.When it came out of the box I initially thought it had been broken in shipment.I like to be able to throw snow to either side right or left and I believe it would be awkward given the handle angle . The graphite blade is really grey plastic as noted by others . The blade is held in place by one fastener but the blade has been formed with 2 holes but the second hole appear to be just filled with plastic and is n't in a position where it go into the handle .
 I guess other people love this shovel , but I ca n't stand it . It 's really heavy . It 's very unbalanced , with all the weight in the shovel head , making it very heavy to lift . I can not get ANY leverage with it . I live in Maine where you 're often having to lift the snow to pile it up on a snow bank -LRB- sometimes banks that are 3 to 5 feet tall -RRB- , or dump it over the railing off my porch . I find the bent handle means I 'm having to lift much higher and it takes a lot more twisting to get the snow off . Also , it 's very difficult to lift the snow off my steps with it , and the bent handle makes it hard to shovel them from above , so I have to trudge through the snow down to the base of the steps and shovel from below . This is a lot more effort!When I use traditional shovel , I never experience any of the back pain that folks are talking about . Like all things , you need to make certain you 're lifting with your legs and your shoulders , not with your back !
 I shopped around on Amazon for snow shovels to prepare for winter and was pretty stoked to find one that had all the features of the Suncast SC5350 . It looked great when I got it . Just a word for everyone else , the shovel part is actually plastic , not graphite.Moving on ... I live in Alaska and was all psyched to try it out when it snowed yesterday . It worked well for about 25 mins and then I heard a * crack * and it broke . Where the handle attaches to the shovel broke , so now the handle is all loose . It 's just a matter of time until the shovel completely breaks . It 's useless -LRB- after ONE DAY ! -RRB- for shoveling heavy snow.It pushes the snow just fine , and the metal strip is a good feature . Careful using it on wood , though . The metal picked some good sized chunks of wood off my deck.All in all , very dissapointing . I could see how it would be awesome for light snow , but heavy loads of wet snow and slush are too much for it.I 've contacted Suncast customer service , and they 've asked me to take a picture of it before they move forward with my claim . More details as they come.EDIT
 If you have a low pit , this mat might not protect the deck . It is a fire hazard waiting to occur it you use it with a low pit stand . We ended up using it on the spare grill with a high stand .
 Poorly designed shovel . Have to be at right angle to get under snow . Takes lots of work and get very little moved . Would not recommend this shovel .
 This is the third time I have returned this item because of the SAME damage -LRB- denting on a long edge -RRB- . It is possible I am getting the same table over and over again , but more likely , I think the damage occurred to a number of tables at a distribution center that these tables are being pulled from . I love Lifetime tables , but whomever is shipping these to us has not read my packaging feedback . The packaging may and may not be the problem , but I would like to have human interaction to help me with this problem so we can get an undamaged table . Harumph !
 Table was damaged when shipped and the table top is not very rugged . We keep the table as we are going to cover it .
 This item is very fragile and it came all twisted and tangled in the box . I wouldnt recommend it . Not worth the money
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 I bought this because I wanted a higher-quality connection than the plastic hose ends found in the local home store . However , the threads on the male end are not machined , they are just pressed/stamped . The result is that they leak , no matter how carefully tightened or what kind of gasket/o-ring I use.Not recommended .
 first let me say i do n't write reviews but this one people nead to be informed abouti purchased 5 of these because the plastic ones do n't hold up and the expensive ones that use hose clamps my tractor lawn sprinkler will not travel over because of the screw on the hose clamp and the hose clamp type rely hurt my hands when putting a sprinkler or hose attachment onto because they cut into my handswell the fist one i tried to install the metal is so thin it is just a little thicker than a tin can and when crimping in the clamp the inside warped i did n't use that much pressure so the thing leaked all around the clampso the second one i tried putting a 1/2 in socket extension inside of the connector to keep the center from warping that worked but it still could not get a sealso i thought ok maby it might be ok if it leaks i just wo n't put to much presure in the hose and it might be ok well no mater how tight i tried to crimp the outside the thing would just blow off of the end of the hose they cant be crimped tight enough to keep that from happeningmy opinion about this product is i ca n't believe i actually paid money for thesei think the only salvageable part about them is the hose washers the rest i had to just throw out because there is absolutely no way they can be usedand the other review is correct they leek really bad around where the rubber seal inside your attachment is the way i finally had to fix this was to use 2 washers `` DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE BUY THE ONES THAT HAVE THE HOSE CLAMP ''
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 If this is easy to assemble , I would hate to see hard . I 'm not a mechanical genius by any means , not even close . But what I lack in mechanical aptitude , I can generally figure out by using the -LSB- provided instructions . But wait , there were no provided instructions , only a few crappy pictures , nothing written at all but then again , had there been written instructions they would have probably been in Chinese anyway , the country of manufacture . Horrible instructions , missing parts , no warnings telling about the importance of putting such or such a piece backward would lead to already assembled sections having to be completely dis-assembled AND the parts were not even marked . Not to mention the screws provided not being long enough for some of the assembly , I had to buy longer ones at the hardware store.On the parts list , the screw sizes such as the diameter and the length were not even provided . This was to be a birthday present for my wife but instead is turning into a disaster . Please folks , be honest in your reviews . I purchased this based on other 's reviews
 This item is over priced by 50 % over Valley Forge Flag Co. . You should buy direct from Valley Forge .
 This product is represented to work well in the wind . The spinning pole is designed to keep the flag from tangling . In reality the wind causes the pole to bend at the spinning connection located at the center of the flag pole . I have had my set in use for about six months and the pole is currently bent at about a 15 % angle . In addition the flag is also poor quality . It is already fading.Flags Unlimited is unwilling to correct these problems .
 I wish I 'd read the review about this not being `` real '' stainless before buying . The idea of making a starter in stainless is so that it does n't rust . Why did they bother?Look closely at the handle design and you will see that it is simply bent tabs pressed into a wood dowel rather than screws into wood . The recess that accepts the tabs will also fill with water and cause those tabs to loosen and the wood to split . The heat shield has about 1/2 inch play up-and-down and rattles , does n't really fit the handle . The unit I have has one poorly bent tab , did n't quite go in all the way and is bent over at a strange angle . An $ 8 black steel unit I bought at Home Depot has a better handle and heat shield design.There is some assembly required , attaching the handle and heat shield to the body . The screws provided are of two different types , one a flat-head , another round head . The screws are 300 series -LRB- non-magnetic -RRB- stainless and should n't have a problem with rust.On the positive side , the box is pretty . The copyright on the box is 2005 .
 I bought two bacteria test kits from watersafe . The 1st test showed a yellow purple color indicating a possibility of bacteria . The second test kit , taken a week later showed the same result . The test was inconclusive and a waste of money . I had to take the water to a lab and spend $ 50.00 to find my drinking water was bacteria free . . I would never buy this product as it is totally unreliable .
 The instructions say the sample will turn yellow -LRB- probable bacteria -RRB- or purple -LRB- no bacteria -RRB- . Those are the only possible outcomes listed in the instructions . My sample turned yellowish-purple . Useless , in other words .
 Call me stupid , but I 've purchased this item at least 4 times in the last 3-4 years and every single one has filled with water and stopped working . Do NOT waste your hard-earned cash on this joke of a product . It should be taken off the market IMMEDIATELY or a class-action lawsuit filed !!!
 If I could give this zero stars , I would . I usually read all reviews on a product before I purchase it but must not have read the one negative review already posted and am sorry I did not because I had the same bad experience . Mine worked for about one week and then filled with water and has n't worked since . I was really disppointed as , during the short time it worked , thought it was great with large very readable numbers . A total waste of money , however . I do n't know how they get away with such a terrible product ...
 I 've owned 2 of these & they were great when they worked but they fill with water & that 's that ! I wish they could improve it & avoid water incursion , but I 've owned them for about 5 yrs and it fails repeatedly !
 The digital display is easy to read , and much nicer than a mercury thermometer . Unfortunately water leaks into the thermometer . At first the screen would cloud over from moisture , and then the entire display dies . I took it apart twice and re-sealed the gaskets , but nothing would keep the water out for long .
 I foolishly bought two of these -LRB- for pool and spa -RRB- couple of years ago . One of them started leaking water in mid season , another survived until next summer and then got filled with water as well . Once water gets inside this thermometer it may work for a week or two and then LCD screen fades and controls do n't function anymore . I took them apart , dried them out , changed batteries , resealed with silicon paste but still failed to resuscitate either one . Steer clear of this product .
 I order this and the 15 gallon tank for my husband because everyone said it worked great . Both parts were received in good condition so no problems there . My husband managed to put most of it together but evidently the pump has changed because the instruction say to screw 3/8 '' x 1/4 '' nipple into sprayer pump that came on the sprayer has a 1/4 '' barb only no place to screw anything in . If amazon would help with this matter to avoid sending back would greatly appreciate it.Precision Products TCS15 Spot Sprayer , 12-Volt , 15-Gallon
 The saucer with the removable grid in place does an excellent job keeping seeds and husks from spilling onto the ground . The product would rate five stars if it were n't for one dangerous design flaw
 This is a decent shovel . It has great leverage and can handle snow that is not too heavy -LRB- the aluminum construction is light and can not handle heavy snow -RRB- . The problem is that the handle is attached to the shovel with a cheap sheet metal screw - which lasts about 15 minutes . I have since bought a larger screw and it lasted another 3 minutes . So , if you buy this shovel , be prepared to drill a proper hole through the other end of the handle and attach the shovel to the handle with a bolt , lock nut and washer . Then you 're all set . But Ames could have spent another 35 cents on the shovel and saved you the hassle .
 Buyers should be aware that this shovel is a very soft aluminum , and consequently , if you have any ice or hard packed snow to shovel , this shovel will bend quite easily .
 I needed to bring the shovel inside and do a mod on the scoop after only 15 minutes of using this shovel new . The scoop was held in place by a single sheet metal screw that was completely inadequate for anything other than appearances . I needed to drill two new holes in the in scoop-handle assembly and secure it with two of my own bolts . But , wait there was more . The hand grip was held on by only a single screw that quickly came loose . Here again I needed to drill two holes -LRB- one on each side of the grip -RRB- and secure the grip to the handle with more hefty screws . The materials themselves are half-way decent for a snow shovel , but the implementation is severely lacking . Looks like the shovel was designed by a first-time summer intern engineering student who lacked any supervision or design review . Further , it is doubtful that the manufacturer performed any sort of real-world testing of the product before finalizing the design . I am giving this product a single star , and that is being generous because of the basic materials .
 Although the shovel looks ruggedly made , it is only as strong as it 's weakest link
 I purchased this shovel at a local hardware store for $ 32 . I `` THOUGHT '' I had made a very good purchase.That is , until I used it for the first time , last week.We got a decent sized storm here , well over ten inches of very wet/heavy snow.I wanted something sturdy and reliable.Something , that would n't be a total piece of garbage.Well , needless to say , this is NOT a reliable/sturdy shovel.This thing is a VERY VERY thin/flimsy piece of sheet metal , barely tacked onto the shaft.The blade is very flat , with a slight curve.It has NO side scoop whatsoever.So , when you attempt to lift the snow , it falls right off.Hence , creating that much more work and strain.I used this thing for all of two minutes , before I got so disgusted and gave up.I have NO CLUE what this `` thing '' is possibly good for.But , it certainly is NOT good for SNOW !!! Anyone in the market for a `` very gently used '' piece of junk ?!?!?!
 I bought this shovel and after getting it found I had to reinforce the connection where the shovel meets the blade like so many others have stated . I put three 3/16 '' rivets and that seemed to make a little stronger but I would n't buy another one ... Ames USED to mean quality but I do n't know what happened with this design ... DO N'T waste your money .
 I must be unlucky but this shovel is junk . The shank is mounted crooked into the blade and the plastic handle at the top is not screwed on so it comes off.Maybe it was a Monday after a holiday when this was assembled.Update
 has a small hole for water to shoot out . dead on arrival . very disappointed . ca n't replace and not worth shipping back for a refund .
 Worked fine for the first few months of summer , and into the fall . Disconnected hoses and drained it for the winter . It remain mounted , but empty for the winter.When I hooked it up again this spring , it had split open along the seam where the two halves are glued/seamed together and is now totally unusable . -LRB- The winter was relatively mild and it was protected from much weather . -RRB- Very disappointed that it did n't even last a year . I 'll be looking for a metal one , now .
 I used this manifold to replace one that came with a hose sprinkler timer . Naturally the hose bib was turned on , relying on the timer valves to release the water on time . The manifold blew off at the bib where the threads join the manifold , It was in the middle of the night . I had the biggest water bill I have ever seen , the tree liked it though .
 I do not like this item . I have thrown it away after a few months . It is molded plastic and at the seam where it is molded together , it formed a crack . It was useless . I ended up getting a 2-way brass connector .
 Did n't receive this item . Took over two weeks for them to let me know . It 's a new seller and I ca n't understand why they advertise products they can not get for customers .
 The box came to the house with holes all through it . The only closures were plastic straps that do NOTHING to keep all the merchandise in the box . When the box was opened , or should I say when the straps were cut and the contents FELL out of the box , since there is nothing holding the box together but the lame plastic straps , half the parts were missing . It is miserable trying to actually get through to the company since you have to call long distance and can never get through . Good thing for me my dad had parts so I could actually get to use the cart.It is my fault that I did not read the reviews as I normally do or would have NEVER purchased an item from this company . They are VERY cheap with the way they ship the products . The product looks really really good on the screen , but in reality the company takes absolutely NO pride in the way they ship their products . This will be the LAST thing I ever buy from this company . Amazon should take them off the site as sellers since they are SO pathetic .
 Product came with box in poor condition . When opened , found that metal legs were missing . Called mfg. who quickly shipped out the legs . A bit of a hassel with a good outcome.Cart is really handy too use .
 first it was shipped to wrpong address , then it was missing about 50 % of itys nuts and bolts . then new holes had to be redrilled since they did n't match up
 The backing is stiff which severely restricts the blanket 's flexibility and the ability to fold it . It 's supposed to provide the waterproof barrier , but it cracks after being folded just a couple times , so does n't even do that . The blanket is more like 60x70 inches , smaller than the 68x82 stated in the description . All around piece of crap !
 I bought this mat with high hopes and was thoroughly disappointed !! I followed the washing directions the day that I got it so it would be clean and ready to use for my 8 month old baby . The plastic backing on it is so cheap and brittle that it was completely destroyed in the wash . Big holes all over ! Also , extremely difficult to wrap back in the original position to make the shoulder strap work , and when you do , the velcro is not strong enough to keep it closed . Altogether terrible product -- I wish I could get my money back !
 I received two of these for Christmas last year and just loved them . My husband and I used them for our first picnic last week and they were great . Waterproof and easy to carry , but not so easy to re-fold without getting dirty . I took them home and washed them for the first time
 The backing seems to be waterproof as advertised . The padding is almost non-existent , and it feels flimsy overall . Definitely overpriced .
 Notice that when this is folded up , the decorative side is on the OUTSIDE ! This means that , when you lay it out to fold it up , you have to put the soft side down on the WET GRASS !! Horrible !!!!
 Used this umbrella cover twice before it ripped down the seam . Do n't waste your 10 bucks .
 The backing is stiff which severely restricts the blanket 's flexibility and the ability to fold it . It 's supposed to provide the waterproof barrier , but it cracks after being folded just a couple times , so does n't even do that . The blanket is more like 60x70 inches , smaller than the 68x82 stated in the description . All around piece of crap !
 I bought this mat with high hopes and was thoroughly disappointed !! I followed the washing directions the day that I got it so it would be clean and ready to use for my 8 month old baby . The plastic backing on it is so cheap and brittle that it was completely destroyed in the wash . Big holes all over ! Also , extremely difficult to wrap back in the original position to make the shoulder strap work , and when you do , the velcro is not strong enough to keep it closed . Altogether terrible product -- I wish I could get my money back !
 I received two of these for Christmas last year and just loved them . My husband and I used them for our first picnic last week and they were great . Waterproof and easy to carry , but not so easy to re-fold without getting dirty . I took them home and washed them for the first time
 The backing seems to be waterproof as advertised . The padding is almost non-existent , and it feels flimsy overall . Definitely overpriced .
 Notice that when this is folded up , the decorative side is on the OUTSIDE ! This means that , when you lay it out to fold it up , you have to put the soft side down on the WET GRASS !! Horrible !!!!
 Allsop 29030 Firefly Garden Solar Stake Fuchsia Finial , Kraft Box . This is falsely advertised . As you can see in the ad 's photo FIVE globes are shown . The box arrived today and only one globe was in the package . On the outside of the box under the same photo that is shown on Amazon is the following message
 We were anticipating the color to be black . It came in and was yellow . Was unaware the picture displayed on the ad was black & white .
 this was not described as a plastic wedge . What I was charged for shipping indicated to me that It was steel . I was totally dissatisfied !
 I went for the less expensive sharpening kit and got what I paid for . Within the first minute of sharpening the chain in the woods , the Oregon file bent where it enters the wooden handle . I was barely putting any pressure on it . I own numerous files for many different uses , and a file that sharpens a chain saw blade should not bend so easily . Period .
 Received second grill and this one had the same missing parts . NO HANDLES . Do n't think they can send me a COMPLETE PACKAGE WITH ALL THE PARTS . Will return this 2nd shippment . Also you are not showing receiving my first grill as be returned .
 When I recieved this product in the mail -LRB- FedX -RRB- the box looked okay . There were no inducations that there was damage . When I opened the box and started to put the unit together I noticed a hole in the lower front ! Now the grill will not heat to max as there is too much air flow ! Too bad I had one of these grills before and it lasted for 9 + years .
 Very slow to heat but after three years totally unfit for use . Difficult to light . Once lite it often blows out . Legs are awkward to put away , They flop down while trying to put away in the vinyl bag as there is no retainer to keep them in the stored position . This one is ready for the trash and I am ready to upgrade to the Made in USA Weber Q series
 This grill arrived with a crack on the cover . Damage during shipment is not the fault of the manufacturer , so IMO Amazon could have boxed it more protectively.I advise all buyers to save all packaging until they know the product they have purchased is satisfactory .
 BUYER BEWARE These people are crooks . If you order items from them they will ship partial orders , damaged orders and incomplete orders . They will not refund your money and you will be forced to fight the charges with your credit card company and through Amazon . It will take you months to get your money back if you can prove to your credit card company that the items were not shipped . After my first phone call to Hirt 's Gardens to try and resolve the problem I never received any communications , they have not answered one of more than 8 emails and they no longer answer their phone . If they are not out of business they should be .
 I do n't do many negative reviews on Amazon , but I do this one gladly.In short , the adjusting mechanisms do n't work well at all and the throw pattern is unacceptable . Rainbird `` fixed '' something that was n't broken.Adjustments
 I purchased this rotor to replace an older RainBird rotor that had broken . I found the installation a hassle , but I had installed a similar one before so I was prepared . Once I finally had the thing installed I realized that the spray head shot too far . The part that really upset me was that the screw that was on previous models that you turn to reduce the spray was n't long enough to work . What they want you to do is buy a separate spray head , -LRB- which did not come with this rotor -RRB- , figure out which one you need , and replace it . After I had already spent about thirty minutes getting this rotor in I was n't in the mood to spend more money and time messing with it . I returned it and tried my luck with a K-Rain K2 which was not only cheaper but did n't require the separate nozzles . I had the K2 installed and working great in about ten minutes .
 I bought two Rainbirds including this Rain Bird 4-Inch 26 to 38-Foot Coverage Radius Pop-Up Rotor Sprinkler Head . I install them and turn on the water . Perfect -- just what I wanted and expected . All was well for the next couple of times . Then , when the sprinkler turned on the fourth time , the water pressure was very low and the two Rainbirds were watering only a third of normal . When I checked , this Rainbird had water gushing straight up out of the head . I eventually found that by pushing on the top of the head , the gushing stopped but pressure was still very low . Two days later that zone ran again and the Rainbirds ran as they should covering the intended area with good water pressure . They are due to run again tomorrow so we 'll see .
 I buy almost everything from Amazon . So I was disappointed in the pricing of this product . It was actually cheaper at Lowes even factoring in the sales tax . I noted another comment like this and wanted to validate it .
 Bought these because they appeared to be the best extendable hedge trimmers available for a reasonable price . They arrived today , and I immediately took them out to trim three blueberry bushes . On the sceond bush , one of the handles slipped shorter - when I pulled it back out , it came off ! I put it back on but it would n't stay , so I duct taped it on . The handles are angled so that you slam your knuckles together when you close it if you have medium to large hands . VERY poor design . -LRB- pressed into a pot metal fitting -RRB- . Heavy and expensive to send back , but I will .
 Bond 8055 Telescopic piece of junk . One handle literally came off while I was unpacking it from the box . The other within the first 5 minutes of use . However , since it was a gift I duct taped both handles back on and it will last a season or two . Very cheaply made and my last Bond brand product i assure you .
 Maybe I just got a bad pair , but after using them for 10 minutes , the plastic handles just pulled right off . I could see where they were glued on . I also did n't really like the way they felt when using them because after adjusting the length , they did n't lock real solidly into place - parts still klunked around . This issue would n't have been a deal-breaker like the handles falling off , but I did n't like it nonetheless .
 I ordered 3 Burners . One was missing the stainless steel burner kit . Not a real big deal but an inconvenience .
 I bought my wife two of these feeders this season to hang on the front porch of our log home . They are the best looking feeders I 've seen for our decor , BUT they both leaked like a sieve . I ended up sealing around the base with tub caulk , but it did n't stop the leak for long . And after a couple months of use they began to fall apart . I would definitely NOT recommend these feeders .
 I give this a rating of 2 stars.It 's pretty , it 's not too flashy . BUT . . after cleaning it with hot water twice , the wire frame around the reservoir fell apart.All the positives do n't mater if it falls apart and becomes unusable on the second cleaning!Okay
 i ordered this for my mother in law for christmas & when she opened it , it was SO SMALL !! it 's advertised as 14 3/4 '' high , but with the handle up , it 's only 10 '' tall !! what a jip !! THIS IS FALSE ADVERTISING !! WHAT A TERRIBLE COMPANY WITHOUT ANY INTEGRITY !
 At first glance , this item looked much nicer than most hummingbird feeders that we looked at . But , after receiving it and under closer inspection it is poorly constructed , it is crooked and it LEAKS ! It was fairly expensive , and not a good deal .
 I got this for the good looks and now my porch floor is sticky . It 's a bad design with a screw made out of plastic that easily breaks by the weight of the sauce you fill the feeder with . I got it because it looks great and different then all those plastic junkers hummingbird feedings . But ... in the end it leaks and took a few months to start leaking so I can not return it . It took my hummingbirds a bit of time to realize the metal flowers were food holes but they did ... and then it started leaking and drains out in an hour or so . so ... to the plastic junkers ... that will work and not leak ! I got some birds to feed !!!
 I 'm not usually one to write a review , but this product and company warrants one . I was very excited to find this product available -- it has just the features I wanted . The battery installation on the rain gauge , as mentioned by others , was quite an ordeal , but considering how often this is needed , not a big deal.I ordered in the spring , and was very happy with both temperature readings . throughout the summer , we used it to gauge when to turn on our whole house fan in the evenings . When the first rain came , my frustration began . After troubleshooting as directed , Oregon Scientific told me to send it in , that the gauge was not communicating with the main unit . That was September . I still have not received a replacement , despite calls every 1-2 weeks . The only response I get is , `` that will ship next week , but we 're out of stock now . `` Last week , I 'd heard the same response enough , and called Amazon , asking what they suggested I do . Dealing with Amazon was the only positive part -- after a few minutes of describing the situation , they sent me a new one , here in two days.I set it up ... The new thermometer was very inconsistent , and after a day , stopped working altogether . Before this happened , I carefully tested several rain-gauge locations , set it up , and anticipated the rain that evening . No rain , at least according to my gauge . Then no communication with the main unit.I 'm frustrated with not only the product , but the terrible customer service that Oregon Scientific provides . I 'll be in touch with Amazon to see about a refund or exchange for a better-functioning product from another company . Any recommendations ?
 This item lasted me about 6 months . I never did get around to hooking up the rain sensor -LRB- I bought it just as winter set in -RRB- . It would not reconnect with the remote thermometer sensor after 6 months . I called customer service , I emailed them , I tried all their solutions . Nothing worked . Their best advice was buy another remote sensor . Well I did . I bought a complete unit made by a different company and it 's been working a year and a half now .
 This product requires a battery change every ten inches of rain . Mine quit working after 30 inches of rain . My guess is that the unprotected circuitry in the tipping bucket rain gage was not able to handle the high humidity of Louisisana and corroded out after 4 months .
 I ordered this item from another vendor and it was a piece of ... well you get the point . It is so small that water coming out of the toilet sounds better . Buyer Beware .
 Advertised as a good purchase with the tire , this tube did not work . Poor angle of the stem . Used the tire as a tubeless .
 Tire would n't hold air and is a piece of junk ... Do n't waste your time and I do n't recommend you purchase it .
 It works for now ... I seem to still be skimming alot of debris from the top of the pool , its not working like I thought it would .
 Failed after approximately 6 months . Bad seal allows water into device . My experience with this manufacturer is consistently poor ... only one of four devices worked consistently . Items returned for repair were returned still broken ... twice .
 I bought a pair of these probes , one for the pool and another for the spa . They transmitted well before leaking water and shorting out within 24 hours of operation . Took them out of the pool and let them dry out and they seem OK . I contacted the seller and they suggested using a sealer on all the seams and joints of the float . After doing so one of them lasted about 48 hours before failing -LRB- once again , when dried out it came back to life -RRB- . I have written the manufacturer and they have not responded to me as of yet . I could not recommend these items to anyone .
 I have purchased two of these units and they both have failed . They leak and that is what the problem is with this unit . I am going to go back to the thermometer probe . Unfortunately , the wire floats inside a spa or pool but it works because there is nothing to leak . Save your money do n't buy this product .
 Worked fine for 5 months . Now it has condensation on the inside of the display and shorted out the display . Still transmits the right temperature , but you ca n't tell the temp from the display because most of the segments of the digital numbers wo n't display .
 I bought mine for use in a hot tub . It worked great for several months and then developed a leak . I 've opened it up , dried it all out , and sealed it up with silicone grease three times . And it still leaked . Now it 's dead and wo n't function . Another expensive Oregon Scientific piece of junk . To call this item aterproof is false advertisement and someone ought to nail Oregon Scientific for that .
 The picture shown for this product is the more expensive John Deere version . I figured I scored because this is a great price on the JD version , however the item that actually ships is the regular version . So the deal is still good , just not as good and you wo n't get what you expect based on the picture.Channels 1 and 2 only transmit on channel 1 . Channel 3 seems to work fine . I use this with an Oregon Scientific base unit and it seems to do the job just fine . Now I can see the pool temp from inside the house.One other bummer is that the base station needs to be reset for it to pick up any devices transmitting on new channels . This erases any hi/lo information.The product works fine otherwise .
 I have had 2 of these Oregon Scientific Remote Waterproof Floating Thermometers . They work really well until , as others have noted , they leak , corrode and quit . My first lasted over 6 months ; the second about 3 weeks.The seal designs are awful . The main housing seal should be an oring . The 4 screws that hold the 2 halves of the housing together should be placed outside of the main housing seal so they would n't have to be sealed . The screw seals now simply will leak . I 've emailed Oregon Scientific but have had no response . What a disappointing product ; it could be so good .
 Oregon Scientific John Deere Waterproof Floating Thermometer . This item only works as a floating pool thermometer -LRB- until it leaks as I have been warned it will -RRB- . You will have to pick it up and look at it to see the pool temperature . It does not transmit the pool temperature to ANY base stations - and we bought 3 all 433 MHz - each one more complicated than the last one . E-mails to Amazon and to Oregon Scientific for help as to which base station specifically to buy , go unanswered . Customer contact is nil .
 The unit did not communicate well and many found that it leaked after a few months . Returned it before that could be determined.Oregon Scientific John Deere Waterproof Floating Thermometer
 I bought three as gifts , all three leaked and failed within a couple of months .
 I 've had two of these . The first one the screws stripped thep lastic when we put it together . Returned that one and go a replacement . That one failed due to water getting in it . Had the one replaced under warranty . The warranty replacement has just failed too . We even took it out of the pool for the winter . It just is n't watertight , water gets in and corrodes the electronics .
 Not waterproof . Worked well for 2 years , then corrosion and LCD problems , then it just died .
 This is the worst item I have every bought at amazon . The leak , short out and sink . I have gone though several.I CAN NOT recommend this item to anyone .
 I felt the bricks looked nice along my driveway until I found out I had a bad solar light.I e-mailed the manufacture to get a replacement.They e-mailed me back with a request for my PO number that I mailed to them that day.It has been three weeks with no relpy and no replacement solar light.I was going to place another order but with the poor service I changed my mind .
 In Amazon web site there is no description on how many solar ligths you get in the 20 feet box , I was surprised to see only 4 solar lights plastic bricks in 20 feet of plastic bricks.I think the description of the product is misleading , be aware before you think about buying this product.The picture portraits several solar lights total of eight but you get only four .
 Poor quality basket I 'll be lucky to get a couple of months use out of it . I would recommend spending a little more and get something with better quality .
 I decided to replace the male end of a garden hose with this . It seemed to install ok , and looked tight . The first time I applied pressure though , the coupler blew apart . The steel claw ring slid right off the brass part . They are n't even soldered , they 're just kind of pressed together . The claw is still attached to the piece of hose I cut off to try a better product.It did n't cost enough to be worth sending back , but it is a waste of time and money to buy and install . Use something else , probably ANYTHING else is better . This did n't give me ten seconds of service . It is a complete piece of crap , and I will avoid Gilmour products in the future .
 The whole thing fell apart on the first use . Hose would not hold pressure , sending water jetting all over the garage . Trie to fix it with hose clamps , but these are so cheep that the hose clamps collapsed the couplers . Total waste of money .
 This futon is nothing more than cheaply welded garbage . The welds holding the metal mesh together on the bottom of the frame have begun to break after little more than two months of use . The matress is also very thin and after two months of use has become very uncomfortable as the frame can easily be felt through it.I would n't take another if it was given free to me , so do n't blow any money on this garbage .
 The supports for the seat cushion are flimsy wood with rubber joints . I have had to reinforce every one of them with bloody duct tape before I dared let company sit on . Two adults will break right through it !
 I 've had my futon a little over two months and was very happy with it initially until one day two of the wooden slats which are all held in place with plastic fell apart -LRB- and I only weigh 100lbs -RRB- . I tried everything to fix the problem to no avail . So considering it only lasted a few months , it really is not worth the money at all . The price is cheap but so is the quality . For what it will cost me to replace this one , I could 've bought a much better quality futon without the disappointment and aggravation .
 Spend a few extra bucks on somehting that will last longer than 10 min . Within 10 min of putting it together my friend -LRB- average size -RRB- was sitting on it and a large crack was heard , on of the slats snapped in half with no more than regular sitting ... verry poor quality , only reason i piced it was becaus of its size ... not worth it .
 The price seemed great and I really liked the modern look . When I took it out of the box got disappointed by how cheap everything looked . Assembly was very easy - it took my boyfriend about 15 minutes -LRB- the most -RRB- . The design is really great - it 's very compact , perfect for small spaces and would look awesome if materials were a little bit better . Great idea - poorly executed . Would gladly pay a lil more for this futon if it was a better quality product . My main concern is that the construction seems like it would n't last too long . I feel like I should attach `` sit carefully '' tag to it before anybody comes over .
 Very disappointed in this . The futon is too thin , and you can feel the slats right through it . .
 The concept of a futon mattress atop slats is actually comfortable and I lay on it for a week happily until I made the mistake of putting too much focused pressure and snapped/broke two of the very fragile slats by climbing onto it with my knee first . Also , I called the manufacturer on the first day to tell them that the filling inside the cushion covers was making me itch . These are not cushions with a black cover . This is a black cover filled with recycled fabric pulp . The rep was not interested in responding to my complaint . Do n't buy this . Go to a futon store and buy something that resembles this and it will be much sturdier .
 the product looks nice in the picture & decorative . Like many buyers , I stood on the futon & it broke . The bottom of the futon was not supported by the metal but wood . I wasted my $ .
 I bought a `` Milan '' frame several years ago locally and it 's held up quite well . It 's not as easy to open and close as I would like but it mostly stays in one position so it 's not a huge inconvenience.About a year ago I bought another `` Milan '' frame on-line but it does n't seem to be the same . I experienced a similar problem being described by other reviewers . After putting my knee on the bed , one of the wooden `` flex '' slats snapped.My futon mattress -LRB- also a year old -RRB- has inner coils and it 's quite comfortable but it 's outer edges do n't seem to be holding their shape as well as I would like . If you 're looking for comfort , I would buy the futon mattress separately . One of my previous futon mattresses had a 3 yr expected life span and after 3 years it had a huge hole in the middle -LRB- I may not have turned it as much a I should have -RRB- . That 's why I chose the inner coils this time which should last approx . 10 yrs .
 this is infuriating ... what can i even do about it ? the cushions -LRB- which , yeah , are not good quality -RRB- arrived , but not the frame . i would never have paid this much for just the cushion !
 this was purchased it got here on time but after only about a mile of being inflated -LRB- below the 30 psi max -RRB- it just deflated , not it has a very large hole in it and I never ran over any sharp objects , this is a poor product .
 From the moment I tried to use them they do not work . They wo n't cut anything no matter how thin .
 Only really works easily for branches under 1/2 -3 / 4 inches . Hardware constantly loosens -LRB- I put on my own locking nuts -RRB- . Pins break - and try to find replacements ! DO NOT BUY THIS !
 A pin broke after about 5 uses , the nuts and bolts are constently needing tighting , and if you are trying to cut something bigger at 1/2 inch there is a good chance the handels will cometogether smashing your fingers . Do not buy these .
 Cuts good and performs well , initially . The ratcheting pieces constantly loosen , resulting in sloppy cutting . The nuts and bolts do not stay tight and therefore get lost while working . Keep your tools handy so that you can tighten the pieces about every hour . Its the typical stuff from China .
 I was extremely dissappointed . Followed instructions and SOAKED chips for 2 hours only to have them start on fire and BURN everything on my grill ... But do n't take my word for it ... try it yourself !
 i can get ten times the smoke twice as fast from half the chips using foil . IM NOT EXAGGERATING . it looks nice though
 I really did n't need this item . I needed a truck innertube . But i will use this for other things .
 they were not regular lawn and garden tires they looked like a big bicycle tire . the stems were all wrong for a lawn tractor rim .
 My wife has been looking for one of these for a while so when it showed up on The Friday Sale she bought it for about $ 23 . Two of the glasses were cracked on arrival and all the parts reak of cheapness . The cooler area for food is incredibly small and is likely to crush whatever food you put in there . The pocket is located between your back and all of the picnic stuff , so your actually squeezing your food any time you wear it.And worst of all , the straps are the worst design I have ever worn . The design of the attachment of the top of the straps to the bag is so backwards it actually hurts to carry it with any weight . And the straps are so short , only a child or small woman can easily get their arms through the openings . So any normal sized person is putting so much pressure on the food pocket that it crushes everything.I like the detachable insulated wine bag so I give it a 2 instead of a zero .
 I purchased this item for my wife . We like to day hike and thought this would be a perfect carrier for a light lunch , cheese , wine . The problem is that after only a few uses , the zipper on the backpack jammed . The wine `` glasses '' are made of cheap lightweight plastic . This backpack is cute but not functional .
 This particular item looks cute enough , but if you look closely at the attached tag you will see that the bottom states `` contains items that have been known to cause cancer/birth defects '' . Not a pretty warning for dishware .
 This product is real cheap looking.Probably only good for one use.Whatever you do-never ask for a gift wrap - they just put it into a sack
 I was so disappointed when the backpack arrived . The poor quality is not evident in the picture . The napkins are cheaply made , the plastic glasses are ugly and the breadboard is like scrap wood . I believe this was the first item I 've ever returned to Amazon and I 'm a frequent shopper .
 We love the sturdiness of this injector , but buyer beware ! There are small , clear o-rings that are not very noticeable but slip off the needle very easily . -LRB- Alert your dish washer - my husband lost ours down the drain . -RRB- We called the company directly , and they do not sell/provide replacement parts !
 I purchased this injector in August 2009 as I am a meat smoker and wanted to buy an injector that was built well and would last me a long time . After 3 uses with the injector - like another customer mentioned - the fine threads that hold the top plunger into the main injector unit `` stripped . '' I never forced the unit on and was always careful with it - but it stripped . While I am passed the warranty period on the unit - I am now trying to get a replacement . Will see . I would not pay the high price for this injector .
 I must say I was not impressed with this product . When removing it from its packaging , the pointed tip on the end of the liquid needle fell off ! . If this would happen while injecting a piece of meat , it would create a potentially hazardous situation as someone could swallow it . The part is pretty small and would be hidden inside the meat . I recommend this product to no one . To all of you who already have one , BEWARE !
 A nice alternative is the Mainstay injector sold by Wal-Mart . The construction is hard plastic , but more important the parts that hold the needle are metal and won ; t break like the plastic ones . Best of all it costs around $ 5.00 and they are n't like the seller of the Cajun Injector whose truing to low-ball the price and then bend you over on the shipping . I think Amazon would be well advised to remove these kinds of sellers from their site.Original Review : Nice blatant ripoff . Offer the item for $ 7 and make up the difference by putting the gouge on for shipping . It 's cost over $ 21 to get the injector . Merry Christmas you chislers .
 Very unhappy with this , the rubber ring broke , have only used it a few times , and I ca n't get the liquid into it . Once I do , after many different tries , it is a big mess . There just was n't any helpful instructions to this . So for me , a waste of money .
 Mostly my own fault , but this injector does not meet my needs . The output is not near the bottom of the needle ... instead , there are multiple holes along the side of the extremely long needle . Even when injecting a 9lb pork butt , the top holes were exposed allowing my injection fluid to expel from those areas and not into the meat . Also , the diameter of both needles are very large leaving huge holes in my products . Perhaps there is a market for this item but it is only injecting very large cuts of meat ... it 's not a utility style injector .
 This injector has not worked for me at all . I find that it is only really useful for liquid injection and even then , it is difficult to assemble -LRB- the parts are n't mechanically perfect -RRB- and injecting it into meat such as a chicken breast results in a lot of projectile splatter of the marinade . Hurray , salmonella on the walls and ceiling!I 'm giving it two stars -LRB- instead of one -RRB- because I hold hope that someone with greater skill could make this thing work wonders for them . For me , it 's a wasted $ 20 .
 The packaging of the product was already open and the rings on the base were damaged . The finish on the rings was not finished.Contacted seller and am returning for a refund .
 Should have paid closer attention to other reviews . The top will not stay on-threads are worthless . Terrible quality for a $ 20 item .
 The item was adequately packaged and arrived in good condition . It appears to be made from quality base materials . The first thing I noticed was the smell of machine oil . Not a problem as I was going to wash before using anyway . I found that the tips would not fully seat into the barrel . The threads had not been machined all the way through on the barrel fitting . Also when I separated the plunger form the barrel , it was full of metal shavings . I 've seen better quality work from a high school machine shop . The threads are metric so it was a little challenging to clean them up . The tips had to be tightened with pliers so no leakage would occur at the attachment point . Once this is done , the unit works well . The thought of needing pliers to attach and remove the tips is reason enough to return item .
 The injector was great until the silicon ring broke making the injector useless . I called to get a replacement ring but the company said that they did not carry them and that they could not help me get one.I could not find a replacement elsewhere . So the extra money you pay for the metal injector is not worth it . A cheap plastic one would cost much less and last longer . Poor customer service .
 The plastic seals turn a potentially good product into junk . Plastic is too hard to easily tighten needle by hand , so the liquid runs out of syringe or shoots out of seal when injecting the meat . Will try to replace with some softer rubber o-rings from the hardware store , something the manufacture should have done in the first place .
 As an earlier reviewer noted , the threads attaching the plunger top to the cylinder are very easy to strip . The customer service was great , got a replacement in less than a week . I just hope it was a defect in the first one and not a design issue , this thing is made in China , so I do n't know yet . I will be very careful how I screw the top back on after cleaning , and I also suggest putting vegetable oil on the threads.It looks great and indestructable , but ... we 'll see .
 No instructions and no screws included with this product . Very dissapointing . Only a few holes were drilled as well .
 This one 's a leaker ! This hummingbird feeder is very , very pretty , but has a major functional design flaw . The removable plug makes it convenient to fill the feeder . However , the plug ends up at the bottom of the feeder when the feeder is hanging , and herein lies the problem . The normal temperature variation over the course of the day -LRB- up to 20 deg difference between the high and low temp on a normal day -RRB- causes expansion and contraction of the plastic parts . This makes the plug move just enough to cause the feeder to leak . Bummer , because I really liked the way the feeder looked . It is well made otherwise , but sadly this design flaw caused my feeder to drain within ~ 3 days from the constant dripping -LRB- not from hummingbirds -RRB- . I decided to throw out the feeder one week after I received it .
 I bought this last year and hung it up and the Hummingbirds never used it . They went to my conventional feeders instead . I thought it was pretty but I do n't see a Hummingbird being able to sit and drink . The swirly part they would land on is n't positioned just right . I may give it one more chance this year but I 'm not too optimistic .
 I really thought this was going to be red . The picture shows that it is red and there is no type to say it is n't . However , it is clear glass -- I guess the picture assumes that you will fill it with food coloring . The flowers are n't red either , more of a pinkish color . And it is very heavy -- seems like it would fall and break very easily .
 This burner does not fit the 141.16681 grill as it says in the listing . Be sure to measure your old burners and make sure it is the right size . They did accept the return without any issues . They were very nice , just be sure to measure before you buy . It looks right but most of Sears BBQ 's that use these burners are supposed to be 14 '' long .
 The overall length was about 2 inches too short , and the sleeve does not cover the propane outlet . I needed kenmore part number P02001004E , which this says it will fit , and it DOES drop in place , but the burner area is about 2 inches too short to match the original burners .
 The hose developed numerous pinhole leaks after only 2 months of use . This product is junk !
 The Galileo Thermometer is a both a beautiful piece of artwork and a functional scientific instrument . The thermometer operates on the principle that the buoyancy of liquid decreases as it warms and expands , allowing the weighted glass spheres to descend one at a time.The thermometer looked impressive when I first took it out of the box , but my excitement turned to disappointment when I tested it over the full temperature range . Several of the spheres are either severely miscalibrated or put into the tube in entirely the wrong order . This causes them to stick together and jam the tube . If you want to buy a poorly calibrated Galileo Thermometer , you can find one that is much smaller and much cheaper .
 YOUR SERVICE WAS FAST AND EFFICENT , THE ITEM CAME CAREFULLY PACKAGED SO THERE WAS N'T ANY DAMAGE.I WOULD ORDER AGAIN WHEN I NEEDED A HARD TO FIND ITEM OR ANYTHING FOR THAT MATTER ...
 The dimensions listed do not specify width . I bought a swing that would not fit into the a-frame width-wise . One would assume that a `` deluxe '' a-frame would be capable of holding a nice sized swing . The dimensions should have specified -LRB- width , height , depth -RRB- !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I wound up having to buy a completely different swing to fit the inside dimensions of the a-frame . Not a happy camper !!!!! Will not buy from this company again !!!!!!!!!!!!!! 1
 Even though a hammock bag is a necessity to help preserve your hammock , this one fails due to the fact that you have to stuff the hammock in from the end . I was hesitant to purchase this item as a better design would be a side entry with zipper and even a shoulder strap to carry . It is very difficult to insert and even remove the hammock from the bag -LRB- especially since the weight of the hanging rings and chain is at the mid point at the bag and falls to the bottom -RRB- .
 I have used the 1st blade of ten received . I found the metal soft and tip of each end seems to fold over causing the balance to be off and the edger shimmies un-controllably . I have double checked the installation of blade , it 's correct . When I took a grinder and took the folded edge off , the unit was stable again ... maybe I received a bad batch or the blades just are n't good quality . This is the point where I wished I paid the extra at home depot so I could simply take them back without hassle .
 We 've had this stand for 3 years & have always enjoyed our hammock , but yesterday we went to use it & the wood snapped in half right at the metal connector right as my husband sat down in it . As if it was n't bad enough that our awesome hammock broke , the beam smacked him in the shoulder when it snapped.It was all very sudden & unexpected . For such an expensive hammock - especially one that claims it is `` long lasting '' - we were quite disappointed .
 I have had the hammock and swing stand for 2 years and they both collapsed due to the wood rotting . Fortunately no one was hurt but the company was totally unsympathetic and offered to sell me new parts at retail . Very poor product and support . Pretty but dangerous .
 I own this product . Received it as a house warming gift.I has totally rotted and fallen apart.Contact with the manufacturer indicated `` It has a one year warranty '' . Good luck in year 2 if you decide to buy it !!!
 If my small children ever decide to rake the yard will be the ONLY time this will come in handy . It 's only 2 feet long fully extended !!!! UGH ! With no scale given to size I was really unhappy when it opened the package . This is a total waste of money for me . * IF * I had known it was little I would n't have bought it . Now I 'm off to the store to buy a rake I can ACTUALLY use . I would love to send it back and get a refund .
 I received this product quickly but was dissappointed in the quality as it seems quite fragile and is difficult to adjust . Needs re-engineering as it will probably break when I adjust or use it vigorously
 The problem is probably mine ... I misunderstood `` Hand Rake '' . I wanted an adjustable rake that I did n't have to bend over to use . I like the way the blades spread from small to wide , just what I was looking for to replace my very old rake that had worn itself to a `` just right '' width over time -LRB- some of the blades had broken off -RRB- . I 've kept the rake because the postage to send it back would have almost cost the price of the Hand Rake .
 Judging by the pictures it appears the design on the top of this unit has changed.It once had a flat circle -LRB- coin -RRB- welded on the top to push the plug out . Well the plugs are so tight that you do have to hit it with something to get them out . After doing that about 10 times the weld on the flat circle broke so now I have nothing to push on to get the plugs out . Also the Flat plate that actually forces the plug out has bent . If this unit was only $ 10.00 I would say no big deal . However , it 's not $ 10 so they should use some better steel / welds on this thing so it will stand up to real yard soil . If those problems were fixed I would give this thing 5 stars .
 It is very difficult to get the plugs out . I have to use a dead-blow hammer to eject the plugs unless the ground if very wet and then all you do is pick up a glob of mud . I could n't recommend it , but have n't found anything better .
 The product is well built but does n't work very well on Bermuda grass , the soil must be very loose or wet for it to cut .
 Very hard to cut a plug even in damp ground , even harder to eject the plug . I decided a sharp shooter shovel is better for me .
 Waste of money for saint augustine grass . Wo n't cut the grass .
 This plugger is not easy to get the plugs out of the sod , even after watering for several hours . I had to rock it back & forth many times before I got half the plug out of the ground . I do n't recommend this product . Save your money .
 item did not stay up well as it does not have a large base , display is also hard to read in the dark . I also found it cheeper other places .
 I have several weather station clocks , each made by a different manufacturer . My last LaCrosse clock lasted only one year . I like the projection feature so I thought I 'd try another LaCrosse and upgrade to a more expensive one hoping that it would be more user friendly than the last longer.My new clock arrived and the remote temperature sensor would not work . I restarted it several times according to the manual . There was an insert in the box that said DO NOT RETURN THIS UNIT TO STORE BEFORE CALLING TECH SUPPORT FIRST WITH ANY PROBLEMS . This was a red flag that LaCrosse has experienced a lot of problems.After restarting and resetting the unit many times -LSB- not a particularly easy job -RSB- , the temperature sensor would either show nothing , or the correct temperature -LSB- but only briefly -RSB- or a temperature that was 90 degrees F colder that it actually was . So I called the Tech suppport line . After being put on hold , I 'd get a recording that there was no one available to take my call . I left a message.Over the next 10 days , I left 8 messages and one email request for help . I never talked to anyone , and I never got the unit to work , so I returned it with the conviction that I will only buy other brands from now on .
 Unable to connect with outside sensor . Changed batteries , tried everything listed in documentation to no avail .
 First of all , it is complicated to use.When using the outdoor temperature sensor , you must insert batteries first , then batteries into the clock , adjust all the settings , etc. . . Then , if the outdoor temp does not show and you realize the batteries are bad orneed replacement , you have to remove them , replace them with new batteries , then reset the entire clock.ALL settings . This is so when the clock first fires up , it can ` find '' the outdoor sensor . Well , after three different sets of batteries , it worked , one night , then the next morning , I awoke to find out I did n't have the outdoor sensor working yet again . So , it is already attached to my house , and I will have to go rip it off since I choose the ` sticky back '' installation option , and it is surely going to pull the paint off my house . I live in an over 100 year old house , with good old fashiioned painted wood siding . I have just been extremely unhappy . Then , there is theoption of alarm settings , none , it is either a solid noise or an intermittent noise . Then , in my enthusiasim to have this projection system , I realized , I do n't even have a radio . So , I was just dumb to have ordered this , and i do n't think it is a good value overall , it is sort of `` junky '' . In the league with the shower radio . I am sending mine back pronto and my good old Sony Dream Machine will have to do the super job it used to do.I will look for some other way to know what the temperature is outside.Glad I kept the box
 We bought this alarm clock because we liked the ceiling projection and the indoor/outdoor temperature readings . I 've been very happy with those features . However , the alarms -LRB- both of them -RRB- will randomly stop working for a few days and then randomly start up again . Sometimes an alarm will go off and we 'll hit snooze and it wo n't go off again . We 've had to get a 2nd back-up alarm and set it just in case . Annoying !
 So , is it supposed to be three sections or one ? I purchased this item from Crazy Daves Tool Shed and only received one . The product description says `` 3 Sections Of 60 '' , Total Length 16 ' 3-3/8 '' . I paid $ 20.09 total with shipping for just one 60 '' section of handle . I called Crazy Daves about this . They said Amazon made a mistake in the product description . So , at $ 12.41 each x 3 = $ 37.23 plus shipping to get three sections ? You can get the whole roof rake for $ 38.79 -LRB- item GPRR24 -RRB- ! That 's ridiculous . Buyer beware , this is a rip off .
 Amazon does not permit a response to a seller 's comments that appear in response to original feedback so this is the only avenue for commenting on a seller 's statements . I left negative feedback regarding my purchase of two patchouli plants from this seller based solely on my experience with the plants sent . The seller says the plants are from the same `` mother plant '' as many other patchouli plants he/she has shipped without complaint and says that I must just be a chronic complainer . To the contrary , I am quick to praise and praise mightily all transactions that go well and go out of my way NOT to complain . In fact , what the seller makes a snide remark about is an example of my trying to give the seller the benefit of the doubt
 I was apprehensive in ordering this item after reading a review from a previous customer . The reviewer stated it was not a patchouli plant , but at the nominal price , I decided to check it out for myself . I have to agree with the previous review -- THIS IS NOT A PATCHOULI PLANT ! Granted , I am not a botanical expert , or even well-versed in botanical plant names , however the seller 's representation that this plant 's essential oils are used for perfumes and incense , would lead me to believe that this is the plant I 'm seeking . Let me assure you this is NOT an arromatic patchouli plant ... I guess I 'll just keep searching ... and `` good luck '' to anyone else on the same quest . Should anyone find this elusive specimen , I would greatly appreciate knowing your successful source .
 I bought this because I needed a pump , and it was in the clearance section of petsmart for twenty bucks . The other reviewer was correct - the filter floated until I weighted it down with a rock on top . I 've had other in-pond filters that included heavy tiles to keep them down . The worst part is the preposterously wide hose connecting the filter and pump . It 's so large and thick that it 's almost impossible to keep the pump and included fountain attachment standing up straight . A better choice would be the Pondmaster 1000 or 1500 pump/filter kits .
 This is the worst pond filter , worst appliance , worst instructions , worst in use thing ever . To call it garbage would be to debase garbage.The very first problem is the instructions are absolutely unreadable . There are about 500 different languages on teeny , tiny print and even if you find your own language , you are better off reading it in the language you understand least . The figures are the most unhelpful figures in the history of making drawings to help people assemble things.But lets say you have enough of an understanding of how to put things together to get it together . So you set it in your pond and it floats ! The filter thing floats around the pond and then then pump starts floating around the pond when you turn it on!It is amazing how bad this horrible bit of refuse is . Do not go near it with an infinity stick.If anyone does know a good pond filter that moves a lot of water and keeps the pond clear for a small sized pond , please let me know in the comments . Thank you.Beyond exasperating , honestly . How do these people get into and then stay in business ? Reprehensible ! Evil even . Even if I were prone to use bad language , not even sailors , not even Senator McCain knows language foul enough to express my disdain , anguish , and sense of being cheated .
 Used this hose for six months , mostly for lawn watering & occasional car wash . Inside lining fell apart & completely clogged the hose . Quality does n't seem any better than cheaper hoses from Wal-Mart . `` Professional Contractor Hose '' with a picture of a hard hat wearing brick layer displayed prominently on package along with a 10 year warranty.If you open the package and read the warranty it 's for `` non-commercial '' use only ! A `` non-commercial '' contactors hose ? For `` non-commercial '' brick layers ? The warranty is worth less than the hose .
 The quality of this hose is obviously lacking . It kinks easily and developed a pinhole leak after just two weeks . I only used it for watering my garden , and had used it maybe ten times before it started leaking , about six feet from the spray end . It also does n't have a tight seal against the spigot and leaks there too , but I suspect that is from my worn out spigot and not the hose , even though my old hose did n't leak .
 I admired our neighbor 's cool outdoor clock , so I bought this one . I mounted the `` weatherproof '' clock on the outside of our home . A year and a half later it is totally rusted out , and the cheap paper backing for the face turned to dust . I complained to their support line , and they told me it can be outdoors but has to be protected from direct sunlight , rain , snow , and other elements . So , it 's a great INDOOR clock . I 'm going to get a ladder and examine my neighbor 's clock so I can find a brand that actually works . Do n't buy this piece of junk .
 It did not meet my needs . It was too big for how I wanted to use it.I just order the wrong side . Sorry about that .
 This item , sold as an outdoor device , ca n't be left outdoors if temperadture falls to 41 degrees or lower because , as the manual explains , it will not work below that tempoerature . Itis not water tight , either . Perhaps okay for a covered porch in the tropics but not useless in N. America.Why is it being sold for outdoor use?I have returned this item.Actually , I give it no stars .
 Great clock for indoor use . Can only be used outdoors , if kept warm and dry . All advertising states it 's weatherproof . The owner 's manual and manufacturer website state otherwise . Very disappointed as I purchased specifically for outdoor use .
 I purchased this particular clock because it was described as an `` Outdoor '' clock . Upon receipt of the clock I read the instruction book and under the section entitled `` Frequently Asked Questions '' is the following : `` Q. Can a La Cross Technology clock be used outdoors?A . Yes , but only in a dry environment and in a temperature range between 41 F andd 131 F . This clock is NOT water-resistant . `` Living in New England , we do get rain and snow and the temperature is frequently below 41 F . The clock has a VERY misleading description !
 This clock is terrible . Even worse , I have left several detaled voice messages -LRB- after going through voice mail hell -RRB- . The clock is about 15 minutes behind the correct time . I have tried setting the time manually and moved it around to different locations . I got only one call back . They left a message that they got a call from me but no explanation regarding my problem . They obviously didnt bother to listen to my detailed MESSAGES . The manual says NEED HELP WITH SETUP BEFORE YOU RETURN THIS PRODUCT CALL 1-608 ... . WHAT A JOKE . It 's been several days now and I still have not received any help . I also emailed the tech support address provided ; again no response . I have also discovered -LRB- IN THE MANUAL -RRB- that the clock ca n't get wet , etc. . One of my questions , if I ever got through to them , is why they advertise the clock as an outdoor clock . Save yourself the time and aggravation . Great concept but terrible company / tech support . Voice mail hell sounds like an amatuer operation .
 I bought this clock expecting it to
 Did not keep good time . The thermometer was never accurate although it was always in the shade the reading was always off by about 7 degrees .
 Loved the clock at first but with the first daylight savings time adjustment the clock went wacky and the therometer stopped working . Initially we called the company when the problem started but it quickly felt like were jumping through hoops and never got satisfaction . We should have packed it back up and returned it to Lowe 's . I would not purchase this items again .
 Had this clock for a little over 3 yrs but recently I can not get it to keep accurate time anymore . I have put new batteries in it , stationed it facing Colorado and called customer service too . Nothing has worked at trying to get this clock to read accurately anymore . 5 stars when it worked , 1 stars because it does n't and minus another star for only working 3 yrs . I think I 'll just go back to buying a cheaper quartz clock as those seem to last longer .
 This clock does not work ! It will not keep the correct time . It is a lemon and when I went to do a return on it , Amazon says it is a hazardous material and therefore , I can not return it ! I paid $ 60 for a clock that has not worked since day one and I can not return this ?????
 Needed large clock for my classroom , but it never picked up the signal indoors where every other atomic clock I have bought does work so I returned it to Amazon .
 very unsatisfied - it does not apparently work in the southern hemisphere . I wrote the to makers of this atomic wall clock but never received an answer . it would be helpful if this feature was shown as a description when ordering the outdoor clock .
 i got this specifically so that it could be outdoors -LRB- which , correct me if i am wrong , is code for `` can take a little rain '' -RRB- anyhow it can not take rain . It rained and now inside of clock face is moist and water getting inside clock mechanism = eventually ruined instrument .
 I HAVE NOT USED THE PRODUCT BECAUSE OF A FOUL UP IN THE ORDER . I WAS UNAWARE OF YOUR SYSTEM OF ONE CLICK . I WAS JUST INVESTIGATING THE ITEM AND SUDDENLY I HAD ORDERED TWO . ONE WAS SENT TO MY ADDRESS AND ONE TO MY SON 'S . AT NO TIME DID I GIVE AN ORDER FOR ONE TO BE SENT TO MY SON 'S ADDRESS . I WAS N'T EVEN AWARE I HAD PLACED THE ORDER UNTIL I GOT A CONFIRMATION . ONE WAS SENT BACK VIA UPS AND I WILL KEEP ONE . I DISPUTED THE PAYMENT ON THE SECOND ORDER . I WILL KEEP ONE AND PAY FOR IT . I WILL NOT PAY FOR THE SECOND ONE THAT WAS RETURNED . I WAS UNAWARE I WAS NOT ORDERING FROM AMAZON.COM . OR DEALING WITH ANOTHER COMPANY . THE COMPANY IS QUALITY ELECTRONICS DEPOT.MARILYN ZISKIN310-318-1200
 I have been using these for over 2 years now . We have 19 water spigots across our property . They range in use from my wife 's vegetable garden , occasional hookup for a power washer , and horse troughs . You could say we test these cross the whole gamut.If you let them freeze they crack.Frequent use wears out rubber seals -LRB- I get maybe a year of disconnecting and reconnecting an item once a week -RRB- . The crack easily , usually leaving a male piece in the female piece , which is impossible to get out and requires changing both pieces.I 've yet to find anything that works better , and at this price I can afford to replace them all every year .
 Partial sets of these quick-connecters came with my Gilmour Pattern Master sprinkler . Neat ! The thing is , once you put the hose-end connectors on , you realize you 'll need more connections for all the other devices that connect to the hose , hence this purchase -LRB- Gilmour 2939Q -RRB- . Everything worked well for a week or so , then the rubber o-rings on the male ends became sticky and hard to connect . Meanwhile , the locking retractors inside the female end start to cut and slice at the o-ring
 Bought these at a big box store . Initially , they worked great and bought some more . After about 12 months of infrequent use , they began to leak , not just at the gasket as others have found . These were generally kept in the garage or heated basement and not allowed to freeze . About 18 months after the initial purchase , I am junking them and going with a metal quick-connect from a different manufacturer .
 Initially I bought one set each of a few brands to compare . Gilmour seemed to be made the best , it has a built in valve -LRB- very handy -RRB- , and the male connector has a wide flange which makes it easy to tighten with fingers -LRB- others need a wrench if you do n't have tough hands -RRB- . So I bought four sets of Gilmour , I was very happy for the first two months , but now they have all failed . Ca n't push the male connector all the way into the female . Seems to be a problem inside the female . I 'm starting over , looking at other brands .
 It was obvious from the moment that I opened the package and some of the bristles from the grill scrubber fell out . Another clump of bristles fell out as I tried to scrub the grill down for the first time . The quality of this set is poor , to be generous . It feels flimsy , and it 's slightly oversized , given it sort of a cartoon-ish appearance . Unless your name is Mickey and you want to stand 12 feet away from the flame while you cook , please put your dollars to better use than on this grilling set . I have already replaced three of the items with high quality versions , and I ca n't wait to get rid of the other two ... Avoid this set unless absolutely ca n't afford anything else .
 It did not even catch 1 beetle - what a joke . I was very disappointed and would never buy it again . The end
 This trap attracts beetles from all the neghborhood as some of the reviewers mentioned , It catches only small portion of the attracted beetles . I boght it last year and I saw thousands more beetles than the year before I bought it.Do not waiste time and money this concept of attracting beetles by smell to catch them simply does n't work . It does attract them but only catches a small portion allowning uncought beetles to mate.I used this trap last year and this year all my backyard is covered with beetles thousands of them .10 times more than the year when I did n't use this trap.I bought different brand of similar trap from the home depot , it did not work eather .
 We have japanese beetles/lady bugs in our house . I can vacuum them up and throw out what I trap but suddenly 50 more appear . I purchased this item hoping it would drastically reduce the population by attracting the bugs into the bag . The attractant has a delightful floral scent -LRB- obvious to human noses -RRB- but sits a good 8 inches above the bag itself . The beetles are not attracted to this . When a beetle accidentally falls in the bag , it climbs right back out as there are four holes for it enter or exit through which are at least 1 square inch each in size . Even if the bugs were lured into the trap it is ineffective at keeping them in . And there is no ` stun ' factor as the description mentions . I do not recommend this item .
 The capacity of this bag is much greater than traditional bags you get locally , so you do n't have to empty them as often . However , the ` ziploc ' style opening at the bottom of this bag is not well made , or easy to empty . If you 've ever used a similar product , Japanese beetles are stinky and the last thing you want is to get rotting beetles on your hands trying to empty it , if you do n't mind then buy this bag . These bags are too expensive to just throw out after 1-use , and if they happen to collect water from the rain , its almost impossible to empty the bag without all the nastiness on your hands.I recommend using much more cheap & disposable bag you can get from a local box retail store for 1/2 the price . These my look nicer , but they all use the same attractant and do the same work .
 Give me the metal ones anyday . You can use them year to year . These blew in the wind and did not attract the beetles .
 I have more than a dozen roses planted in my yard and every summer the japanese beetles destroy them . I have tried sprays but they do n't last long and I wanted a more natural option.This trap did catch some beetles , but not like I expected . The way people described this was that it would be full in no time . This trap was never even half way full . I tried placing it in different areas , I read the instructions , and I kept it cleaned out , but it did not work that well .
 The first one arrived with a on-off switch broken in a bunch of pieces so we sent it back . The second one had the on-off switch in place , but when we pushed it , it sprung back to the off position and never turned on . We 're sending it back and will not order another . AT least Amazon has been good about sending UPS out to pick it up .
 The product is good but I wish it worked also with a power cord . I have outlets outside and I could use them so I do not have to replace the batteries every month .
 The product seemed like a good thing ... Until the first rain storm . I 'm returning it today . I dont think it is good for outdoor use , unless it is sheltered from wind and rain .
 I installed and set for deer , but did not have any results . A complete waste of money .
 We purchased a FlowerHouse storage unit in February , 2007 , and by December we were writing the manufacturer with complaints . It all started with a small rip in the fabric next to the zipper . Not the zipper itself , but rather the fabric seam next to it . Here is the unedited response we received ; `` Our warranty policy states the product is warranted against defects in material and workmanship , and that a warranty card must be sent in within 14 days of purchase . We , however did not find a warranty card had been sent in . We will replace your storage shed and are asking that you pay the shipping of $ 40 in as much as a warranty was not sent in . As you purchased your storage shed through Walmart , they are the people you should check with for a refund . `` We had requested a refund from the company since Walmart will not issue one after 90-days . So , why would we throw good money after bad by sending FlowerHouse $ 40 to replace the piece of junk we had with another ? We would n't , and did n't . Please see the numerous photos we have submitted and note the following ; -LRB- 1 . -RRB- We live in the mild , cool climate of Northern California . There is no snow , sleet , hail or heatwaves . Average temp = 65 degrees , so neither heat nor cold caused this rapid deterioration . -LRB- 2 . -RRB- No animal , human or inanimate object has abused this shed . Although it looks like it has cat scratches , it does not . It tears if you simply touch it . As you can see in the photos , we stored soft fleece fabric inside - no tools , electronics , machinery , equipment or sharp objects . So , the contents did n't rip it . -LRB- 3 . -RRB- Water puddles appear inside the door after every rain . This has been happening since the beginning even though there are no visible holes in the roof . During the rainy season we just leave the mop inside and occasionally go wring it out.With poor customer service , a defective product and no refund , our only recourse is to let the world know of our experience with this piece of garbage . So , learn from our mistake ; look at our pictures and ask yourself if that is the shed you want to see in YOUR YARD a year and a half from now . -LSB- We tried to give it 0 stars but the review would n't publish , hence the 1 star . -RSB-
 The picture was misunderstood in that it was a pop up tent type of unit and we needed something more stable . I returned it b/c it was not what we needed .
 Assembly directions were n't easy to follow . After assembled and filled with oil and fuel , engine started easily . However , after running in the garden for 3 minutes , the engine died and would not restart . One bolt fell out of the carburetor and a second one was loose . By the time I had changed oil the first time , I hated this machine . It is impractical to back up without pulling the wheel pins and placing in free-wheel mode . The wheel pins keep falling out . You ca n't back it up without straining a muscle in your back . And after a couple of hours , the tubular frame was twisted , due to the constant pressure on the handle trying to keep it going straight . It has a directional bias . It also does not steer well on a slight hill . Troy-Bilt should be ashamed releasing such a product !
 Be careful when ordering this product . If you open the cover and it does not fit , you have bought it . Also , if you return it without opening it , you will be charged 15 % of the purchase price as a restocking charge . I needed two emails to get a response . I got a phone number for a call center -LRB- it sounded like India -RRB- , and I was told this information relaative to returns is on the Amazon website . I 'm sure it is , but it was not obvious . I am waiting for a return authoirization to be emailed to me . This is the first time I have had a problem with anything I ordered on Amazon .
 I bought two of these and was very disappointed , they do not come apart -LRB- top and bottom -RRB- making cleaning them very difficult . I use the red hummingbird food and the hummers do n't like this feeder , they peck at the top red portion and have trouble finding the food . If you use the clear food it will be harder to attract the hummers , but they still do n't like this one very much . They like my strawberry feeders much better , and I do have some of those that stick on the window as well . I would highly suggest to skip this feeder , cleaning is important for their health , and they visit this feeder the least of all my feeders .
 I was given this as a house warming gift , and it was cute and charming and we did enjoy watching birds coming to feed right outside the window . We had to remove it within a month because : - Birds hovering around it kept flying into the glass and injuring themselves . - Squirrels kept jumping into the glass at high speed to raid it . - Bird body waste kept accumulating on the window.It seems like a good idea until after you pick up a dead bird or two from the ground below it , and you realize you really are n't doing much for birdkind with this feeder . The squirrels attacking it hit the window with enough noise to make everyone in the house jump , and it 's just luck the glass did n't break and we did n't have a squirrel in the kitchen . Maybe if you have smarter birds and dumber squirrels it will work for you .
 It is nice that it sticks to the window , but it has been up for 3 weeks and we have yet to see a bird land on it .
 The birds took to this feeder quickly , but I was concerned about the thin walled plastic that was used . I had the feeder a little over a year when the squirrel started investigating this feeder.They started by enlarging the slot hole and eventually made it a large gash that the thistle seed would pour out of.One thing to note is the diameter of the feed tube . The thistle feeder diameter is only about 3 '' . I have another Droll feeder that hangs alongside this this thistle feeder -LRB- for larger bird with sunflower seeds -RRB- , and the due to it 's much larger diameter -LRB- ~ 6 '' -RRB- , the squirrels have been unable to chomp on it -LRB- thusfar -RRB- . So now I 'm looking for a new feeder , and probably one with a larger diameter .
 The bird food is not protected from moisture . Therefore , the seed gets wet and hardens so that the birds can not get to the seeds ,
 Holes were too small for typical finch feed mix of thistle nyjer millet and small sunflower hull pieces . Switched to nyjer seed only and finches who had given up came back . So did woodpecker which promptly enlarged hole , followed by squirrel who gouged out a huge hole . Cylinder should be glass . Wasted my money .
 My credit card was charged for this item the day of the order - May 3rd . This is June 12th and I still have not received the Thistle Feeder . If Amazon is going to allow these vendors to sell their merchandise under their website then they should back these purchases . But they indicate that they only back purchases using Amazon Payments . This is not right .
 I 'm not sure where to even start with this product . Like many of you , I was a little surprised by the price of the original DCS heat plates . I came upon this product , and while the reviews were mixed , it seemed like it could be a decent product . I needed to replace 4 heat plates , so I decided I would try 2 and see how they were.Heat plate 1 . I opened up the box and immediately checked it for flatness , and was pleasantly surprised to find that it was flat . Off to a good start . Start to assemble the ceramic rods on the plate , when problem 1 rears it 's ugly head . For some reason the holes punched through the center ridge to support the rod was n't as large a diameter as the holes on the other two ridges . This meant that the support points on the center ridge sat higher than the other two ridges . At this point it would be impossible to install the side plate as the ceramic rods sat about 1/4 '' above the edge , and would rock . Solution was to bend that center ridge down so that the rods could sit flat . Easy enough to do , and worked okay . Now I install all the ceramic rods and go to install the side plate . Apparently the person who designed this product never bothered to actually assemble the product . The bolt holes for the side plate are lined up with the last ceramic rod . There is no easy way to install and tighten the bolts with the rods in place . Take the unit back apart , and redrill the holes for the side plate , closer to the end so that the bolts can actually be installed properly . After all this the unit goes together and seems like a decent piece of kit . I figure I have about 1/2 hour of work into fixing their mistakes , and I 'm willing to still consider the kit a decent value . I have lots of metalworking experience though.Then I opened up kit 2 . First impression on this one is that the bottom is definitely not flat . I flatten it up a bit , and then discover that the side flange is bent beyond 90 degrees . Ceramic tubes wo n't sit flat due to how far down the flange is bent . Step one ; bend that square . Solve that , then I notice that the holes punched in two of the ridges are not centered . Result , the tube does n't sit down far enough . I 'm pretty sure that it could be solved with several hours of work . I 'm not wasting my time . Unit is going back.If I could , I would give these units a -5 stars . These are a rough kit , not a finished product . They are also NOT made in the USA as one previous review stated . Clearly stamped MADE IN CHINA , and these are an example of Chinese product that does n't have any quality control.Final thoughts . If you have a vise and a drill press , and some basic metalworkng skills , these can possibly be made into a finished product . It appears to be a bit of the luck of the draw . If you do n't want to have to deal with the headaches , save your money and buy the originals.Followup . I received the replacement unit today , and it is exactly the same , if not a bit worse than my second unit . Going back .
 DO NOT BUY THIS Product !!! I bought three of these as a cheaper replacement for my DCS grill . Two of them are fine , but one warped and the ceramic rods all broke inside of it -LRB- that was $ 60 in rods I also had to replace -RRB- . I went to return it on Amazon and the window closed for the return -LRB- shame on you Amazon , you could learn something from Costco and Home Depot -RRB- . I contacted the company and they said I had to deal with Amazon . Between Amazon and MusicCityMetals , the consumer is left without a usable product or refund.If either of these companies want to make this right , please contact me .
 Thats what I get for trusting the Rubbermaid brand name , I guess.Don ' t buy this product , it 's poor quality .
 THE FEEDER NEEDS A LARGER DOME TO KEEP SQUIRRELS FROM GETTING TO THE SEEDS . OTHERWSE I LIKE THE TRAY CONCEPT .
 This product did n't last very long before I found it laying in the dirt . The plastic cracked and off it came . I would not buy this product again or recommend to anyone .
 This design has no tray to stop seeds from falling to the ground . I have watched small birds knock 5 sunflower seeds to the ground , eat one , knock 5 to the ground , eat one , etc. . The squirrels are getting more seeds now from the ground than from our old feeder that they would occasionally jump to.I have twice seen the feeder swinging wildly no doubt from a squirrel , but have never actually seen a squirrel on it , so do n't expect any entertainment like shown on the video .
 Tabs made of plastic broke within 2 weeks and the base falls on the ground . Company sent replacement part which changed the tension and now it wo n't keep the squirrels off . I want to see about getting my money back . Do n't waste your time with this one !
 This feeder has definite entertainment value , until the squirrels figure it out . The gray squirrels in our yard have found several ways to beat it , or to run the battery down . With a dead battery , even the not-so-smart ones can feed from it until they have emptied it of bird seed . Forget this feeder ; it just is n't worth the high price .
 I do n't know about this feeder - seems I 'm now roaring through even more seed , with tons of pigeons , squirrels underneath the feeder -LRB- not on it though - suddenly 6 or 8 inches of seed will disappear - I think it dumps seed on the ground with the wind.Also , my cardinals and other bright and interesting birds , do n't appear to like the feeder . Small sparrows , pigeons and squirrels love it . Maybe I 'll go back to having a squirrel acrobatically nabbing food , but use less seed , and get my pretty birds back ...
 May be squirrel proof , but ... . Must be hung in a dry location and protected from the rain.Seeds get wet even with a light sprinkle , clogging the feeder . Very hard to clean , not worth the trouuble.Also . as WARNED in owners manual , this feeder has the potential to injure people . Make sure you keep it out of reach of children .
 I recently purchased the Yankee Flipper from a local English Gardens store . First of all I 'd like to say I 'm an avid birder . First , this birdfeeder might be appealing to the eyes . A beautiful droll yankees , 5 pound capacity tube feeder . Then come the problems . There has been a lot of Mourning Doves , and Pigeons being able to sit on the perch ring , and they belong on the ground . They take up too much room and no other birds can feed . Squirrels can sit on it too once the battery is dead . Secondly , the very , very poor way this feeder was designed . Supposedly , `` the seed flows freely to the four feeder ports . '' Well , it does n't . It gets stuck in there time and time again . You have to bang on the feeder to get it to unclump and go down into the ports . Another thing about the feeder ports is that the seed gets WET and soggy . And thirdly , it was very poorly designed once again , with the choice of a battery . Come on , a battery ? The battery stops working after about 2 days . What kind of bird feeder have you ever heard of that you have to recharge ? And last of all , the birds do n't even really seem to like it.So , in conclusion , if you want a really good not only a Squirrel-Proof feeder but a quality working feeder also , do n't buy the Yankee Flipper . Go out and buy a Squirrel Buster Plus . It 's cheaper than the flipper , designed better and works better in just about every way .
 This Squirrel Proof feeder is a great idea in theory . But they fail to tell you until you open the box and read the instructions that their Yankee Flipper does n't work with Red Squirrels . I am now the proud owner of an expensive Red Squirrel feeder . Their claim of a Squirrel Proof feeder sounds like false advertising to me .
 Conceptually this feeder is great . It has a squirrel activated defense mechanism . The problem is that is does n't prevent squirrels from getting seed . If they do n't figure out how to hold on a slide around the perches to eat , the amount of seed that dumps on the ground is plenty to fill their bellies . I thought the idea was to prevent the squirrels from getting seed !? Certainly not worth the $ 120 for this feeder
 This feeder violates a basic law of engineering
 I had an old `` house style '' platform bird feeder within view of my kitchen windows . It attracted cardinals , mourning doves , blue jays , finches , etc. . The birds would feed and roost around it at all times of the day . What a glorious sight . When I replaced it with the YF Flipper , all the birds disappeared . It took over three weeks before any birds returned . It will take no bird larger than the cardinal ; so , gone are the blue jays and mourning doves . And the smaller birds feed and leave ; they do n't like to hang around this feeder . However , it does eliminate the squirrels and does n't have to be filled so often.I 'm very disappointed with this item and regret having been taken by the slick marketing video . If you do n't like squirrels , buy it . If you like a large variety of birds around , do n't buy it . I 'm going to hang it from a tree in my side yard and put back my old feeder .
 The product was good for the first twelve months . Once the squirrels -LRB- specially the new litter of squirrels -RRB- learn that by holding and turning on the wheel food falls to the ground . It 's impossible to keep the feeder full .
 Maybe the birds and I will warm up to this thing but I doubt it . Upon first loading with seed , seeds came pouring out of the ports . Time to clean up the garage floor . Bad design . Now , time to hang it . I have a very first-class hook that 's nearly closed , to hang it on . Made by Birds Unlimited - nice stuff . The Flipper hanger has a twist in it , not allowing straight hanging . You have to tip it nearly 90 degrees to hang it on a nearly closed hook . More seeds pouring out of the ports . Bad design . Before hanging , I set it down on the back porch - it wo n't stand on its bottom - it falls over dumping seed galore . Bad design . As I type this I am watching the birds try it for the first time . The perch could not be a more awkward distance from the ports . Chickadees have to lean over so far they nearly ca n't make it . Cardinals are so close they have to stand in front of one port and bend around to eat out of another port . The Blue Jays and Brown Thrashers ca n't handle it at all . I suspect my Red Belly woodpeckers will not be able to use it either . I may have to bolt on some further-out perching , and take a pliers to the hanging top or buy an additional S hook . No squirrels yet , but touching the perch by accident set the motor going and it threw seeds in all directions . Does The Flipper flip squirrels or seed ? A novel bird feeder - but designed by someone who flunked industrial design 101 .
 I love the concept , but honestly , the best thing about it is the video . The hopper does n't allow the seed to flow , and I have just tramped in through a foot of snow after shaking it yet again . Seed gets stuck , and I have tried mixed seed , sunflower seed , safflower seed , finch seed . I have owned this feeder for five years , as it was a gift from my husband.Pick something else , seriously !
 I guess we just live in an area with smart squirrels . After only a day , they had figured out that if a brave volunteer hangs upside-down from the top of the feeder , and quickly presses and releases the perch , the perch will rotate and the resulting impulse to the feeder will fling seed everywhere . I 'm pretty sure another reviewer had observed this behavior too . The only way to counter this countermeasure would be to find some way of suspending the feeder so that the squirrel ca n't approach it from the top ... I wonder if Droll Yankees is working on some maglev technology ?
 We paid big bucks for this ugly feeder or I would throw it away . Sure , it protects from the squirrels but it makes a huge mess on the deck . The feeding holes are really big and I have watched as the birds eat . The bird seed just flows out the hole to the ground and gets in every flowerbed and crack in the deck . It wastes the seed because it is then mixed with dirt , leaves and hulls and we really ca n't put all that back in the feeder . I hate it . We have now bought a seed catcher to attach under the feeder . I hope that works . It will take days to get all that scattered seed swept up to say nothing of the time spent pulling out the seedlings from my flowerbeds . Do n't waste your money on this `` toy . ''
 This feeder worked great until one morning I found the whole bottom half pulled off and on the ground . It detered the squirrels , but raccoons are a bit heavier and cleverer . One of them apparently hung on it until it came apart . -LRB- Knew it had to be them by their footprints on our deck . -RRB- Guess I 'm still looking for a critter proof feeder .
 Much as I wanted this product to work , in less than a week , the 5 lbs of seed this feeder holds was all on the ground . I changed locations but it was the same situation . I have not actually seen a squirrel empty the feeder -LRB- could it be mourning doves , or something else ? -RRB- but they are close by and feeding on ground droppings . Now I have to fill the feeder with a small amount on a daily basis just to conserve feed and be able to feed some birds before it is emptied -LRB- usually within a few hours of being filled no matter what time of day -RRB- . I will try the Brome Squirrel Buster next but it also appeared to have mixed success .
 I bought this feeder in April of last year and hung it from a large Shepherd 's Hook in my garden . I have many trees in my yard , and many squirrels as well , so I need a feeder that is really squirrel proof . This one worked fine for about 3 weeks , and then the squirrels found that they could drain the battery by pressing down on the rim then and eat as much as they wanted . Since that time I have tried numerous other schemes to prevent them from getting to the feed ; including placing barbed wire on the shepherd 's hook , putting mouse traps on the barbed wire , and putting a battery powered `` scat shocking strip '' around the hook . None of these ideas has prevented the squirrels from getting to this feeder and dining at their leisure . I suppose that hanging the feeder from a tree branch with string would be effective , but I do n't have a tree close to my deck . In my opinion , that would be the only way this feeder would possibly be squirrel proof . So if you have to hang this feeder from a hook and squirrels can get close to it at all , it may not be what you need . Then again , finding a truly squirrel proof bird feeder can be very difficult .
 Does this bird feeder twirl squirrels ? Yes it does . However , its design wastes more bird seed than my prior bird feeders because there is no platform for the seed to fall onto . Therefore it all falls on the ground . I have to fill this feeder once a week . That is a LOT of seed . Most of the seed falls on the ground and gets eaten by ... yes , you guessed it , the squirrels.Oh , and by the way , I tried the other Droll Yankees bird feeder that has a seed platform , but the squirrels found a way to hang on to the platform and shovel seed onto the ground.So I am back to seed-on-ground zero.Don ' t pay the big bucks to buy this bird feeder . It 's really a powered , twirling squirrel feeder .
 ... it 's not dove-proof . Doves eat as much as squirrels do , and the ones around my house have learned how to alight on the perch without setting it off . So , regretfully , I 'll be selling my Yankee Flipper in the classifieds soon , and replacing it with something more pressure sensitive . The feeder is as sturdy and attractive as advertised , I must stress , and it did n't take long for squirrels to give up trying to get into it . If you have no doves in your area , feel free to disregard this review .
 I trap the squirrels and transport them to a wooded area several miles from my house . Transporting them can be a pain , but after catching and relocating about eight squirrels I notice few or no visits from squirrels to my feeders for a couple of months . Then I do it all over again . Relocation reduces the breeder population and I can say that I still have the occasional squirrel , but it is not a problem . Buying and working with all these so-called squirrel-proof feeders is a nuisance too and cost bucks for the feeder and wasted seed .
 I thought I was purchasing a birdfeeder from the picture and the description and what I actually receivedwas a rechargable battery for the birdfeeder ! I failed to read the fine print and ordered quickly from the pix and title description . Very misleading and obviously a waste of time - not to mention I did n't have the gift I wanted in time .
 Buyer beware ! I ordered this item from Amazon 22 days ago , and it still has not shipped out to me , despite being listed as `` In Stock '' and despite Amazon 's own order tracking telling me that it will be `` shipping soon '' for the past 3 weeks . Amazon now tells me that the item is back ordered , there is nothing they can do , etc. .
 As far as I can tell this has no way of holding the seeds inside . The squirrels may not be able to eat the seed out of the bird feeder but since it dumps most seed onto the ground they end up feasting anyway . I used safflower seed to fill it the first time so I 'll try larger sunflower seeds next . If that does n't work I 'm afraid I 'll have to box this up permanently .
 Prior to this bird feeder I had a plane `` house '' type feeder where the birds could feed from both sides . With this feeder I have only seen 1 bird feeding .
 Bird feeder arrived with no bottom and therefore incomplete . Not useable and returned for credit . Not a favorable experience . No stars on this one .
 I purchased this swing , the first one that i received had a defective weaving , the cords came apart . I got a replacement , since then i have had the swing out and have barely used it , this summer when i tried to sit in it , the rope gave away and i fell down . Note that this swing was barely sat in .
 I was dissappointed with this product . It had freyed and untied hammock strings when I got it out of the box . As pricey as it originally was I expected at least a swing that was manufactured well . But this is terrible . It looked like it was n't even completely assembled !
 The stands are smaller than I expected , if you have a small plant you may like them ; but they did not work for me .
 I would not call this a chair cushion ... it is much too small . . more like a minature pillow , for children !
 way to small of a cushion . had to purchase another one from a local store !
 The name on this item should be `` pillow '' . It is much too small for a cushion . They need to change the discription to pillow or cushion for your head . I wish I had spent more time reading the whole page on this item before I ordered it . Lesson learned !
 I purchased two cushions to use on small chairs . When the cushions I arrived , I could hardly believe how small they were , smaller than the description stated . In addition to the small size , the cushions had a lot of stuffing and seemed more like volleyballs than chair cushions .
 I would not call this a chair cushion ... it is much too small . . more like a minature pillow , for children !
 way to small of a cushion . had to purchase another one from a local store !
 The name on this item should be `` pillow '' . It is much too small for a cushion . They need to change the discription to pillow or cushion for your head . I wish I had spent more time reading the whole page on this item before I ordered it . Lesson learned !
 I purchased two cushions to use on small chairs . When the cushions I arrived , I could hardly believe how small they were , smaller than the description stated . In addition to the small size , the cushions had a lot of stuffing and seemed more like volleyballs than chair cushions .
 Of course it does n't work
 This was a totally wasted purchase ! The fan blads spin so slowly that there is barely any breeze created at all . Save your money for something -LRB- anything ! -RRB- else .
 A great idea but effectively no execution . When mounted according to the instructions the fan is noisy and produces no noticeable breeze . Sitting directly below it , unless you look at it only the noise would let you know it 's running .
 This fan looks good while it turns but 4 `` D '' Batteries provide no breeze what so ever . Bought with hopes of keeping bugs away ! No Luck . Would not recommend at all.Sorry , TW
 Awful - I am sending back quickly . Does not work . No breeze at all !
 If you want a great power washer that runs for about two years then this is your model . We bought this at Costco for a great price . Loved it . We 've used it about oh 20 times over the past two years and it did a great job . Then , it just lost all pressure . We took it to a small engine repair place and he showed us the graveyard for these power washers , all of them with engine problems . It would cost more to replace the engine than go and buy another one . Boy were we disappointed . It was n't an obscure problem . We 're now in the market for a good one with a track record of reliability and longevity . Good luck !
 For some unknown reason after years of going without any pests I have an infestation of white flies . I used the Neem , according to the directions , on my flowering plants and instead of killing the white flies they seem to be thriving . I have a lot of humming birds and I need something that wo n't harm them . If I do n't find something soon I 'll have to cut my plants down to the ground and wait until next year for them to grow back . I am really disappointed with this product .
 I bought this and have applied it twice , and I 'm sorry I even wasted my money on this product . I may even seek a refund.I sprayed this two days ago , and there are still ants farming aphids and other bugs around the garden . Plus , my plants still have a little bit of fungus , but that 's not why I bought this.This product , is worthless .
 it does not work for small insects for my house plants.also it 's smell so bad . i do not know you will like it inside your house .
 Have spider mites in my plants and soil . Used this for over a month , as directed . Did n't do diddly . It lowered the population a little but there are other items quite a bit more effective in doing that.Don ' t waste your money . Let the hippies waste their time and money on this ` bio ' friendly - useless - product .
 totally disappointed . Sprayed my trees over and over again with this organic oil , all I could see the ants laughin . Because this did n't do anything to them but tickle them to death .
 The wand only fits washers up to 2300 psi and wo n't work on my 2650 psi washer . I ca n't find anywhere where it says this in description . Unable to mate to tips or hose .
 No where in the product presentation does it say this product does not fit on my Karcher 3000psi unit . Would not it make a little sense to identify the units that this extension unit will not fit ??
 I bought this Karcher wand to clean the highest part of my pool cage in Florida and while water does come out the end , there is not enough pressure to clean anything . I have an 1800psi Karcher electric power washer and have plenty of pressure from my other wands . This wand might be good for light cleaning , but , if you are buying this to reach high places with high pressure , look for another product .
 Worthless for the model 2600 PH , I also bought from Amazon . Does not fit and have complained to Karcher , who has yet to respond . If you purchase the pressure washer , do not recommend buying any accessories .
 ... the description does not say or specify anything ... should be `` 4 PIECE EXTENSION SPRAY WAND FOR ELECTRIC PRESSURE WASHER '' because this item does not work for all Karcher pressure washers ! we have a gas powered pressure washer and the pieces do n't fit ! ... called Karcher and they said they do not make extension sets for gas powered ones ... why is this ? no one can give me an answer ! I wonder who 's bright idea that was ? ... makes no sense why it is available for one and not the other . ugh ! -- had no problems returning it to Amazon.com however which was awesome !
 Despite the other positive reviews this product did not proform even close to my expectations . Once connected I had no pressure . It provided nothing more than an extension of my regular water hose . I am returning this product .
 Product did not arrive . I contacted vendor and was informed that they were out of stock and had not been informed by the supplier . Refund was processed promptly .
 Yes , this product will allow reach into difficult areas ; however , removing and installing induvidual segments is difficult . In fact , even if careful , it 's easy to strip the cheap plastic threads which join the segments together . Furthermore , I found removing and installing the product from the body of the gun an absolute chore ! There are other inconveniences not as frustrating - particularly when used with that cheaply made but expensive , poorly designed adjustable head brush , but you probably get the idea . Bottom line - if access is difficult , it 's worth it ; BUT if you intend to change the segments , attachments -LRB- especially the brush -RRB- , or the extension itself often , expect an agravating , frustrating experience . And if you intend to use it often , forget it !
 I purchased this product several months before I intended to use it . When I tried to use it it would not attach to my pressure washer . A long time had passed since I bought it . I did not try to exchange it . Is that still possible ?
 Did not work as expected ! It does provide an extention to the reach of the washer BUT the power is not good at the nozzle . Guess it looses the power on the way up the long tube . Without the extention I still have great power for washing the deck . Anyway , while I can now reach the pool cage supports over the pool , I still ca n't get them clean only wet . Not worth the price .
 Since Dirtblaster was pretty much a requirement for the electrical powerwashers I automatically got one for my gas driven one -LRB- Karcher G2500OH -RRB- . So far I have had no use for it.With the dirtblaster nozzle you do get higher pressure , but I found it a little too uneven . If you are not careful you may ruin you concrete surface -LRB- as I did -RRB- . To me a waste of money . The default nozzles for my powerwasher are good enough ...
 We have one of these for hauling yard stuff back and forth on a long uneven lawn , and every time it tips over I curse it for how unstable it is . The designers had the challenge , `` how can we make this more unstable than a wheelbarrow ? '' Their solution was first , use wheels that are too small and second , put them right under the load instead out in front of it.If you have one of these , it 's better to pull rather than push it and it wo n't tip over as often . But the best scenario is to buy a wheelbarrow instead .
 This thing will tip over with anything more than air in it . The wheels are too close together and too small .
 This product shows extensive toxicity warnings on the box , but there is no indication of this on the Amazon purchase page . The side of the box actually informs you that it is an environmental hazard and instructs you as to what precautions you need to take in using it in order to minimize environmental impact . It also states that it is hazardous to humans and domestic animals.For proper disclosure , these warnings should be included in the Amazon description . In addition to my concerns re
 I 've tried several times , using different methods and plants with absolutely no root growth . I do n't know what works , but this does NOT .
 I tired Dip 'N Grow on several different `` woods '' -LRB- soft , medium and hard -RRB- , but had no luck growing any roots from fresh-cut branches , as per the claim . Each type of wood required a different solution , and was meticulously applied and tracked . The company does not back their claims , either . I was much better off taking some of the cuttings , such as the umbrellat tree , and germinating with Miracle Grow .
 If the tires did not go flat all the time it would be a great cart but my tires go flat and it is a drag takeing the time and MONEY to replace the tube . Do not buy the cart ! I wish I never had !
 IT CAME WITH A FLAT TIRE . TRY GETTING HELP IN FIXING IT !
 These gloves protect your wrists but the green die bleeds through them . after a day of sweaty work your hands turn green !!! no so fun . i 'd pay the extra $ $ for natural-color rose gloves if i had a 2nd chance -
 I guess I did n't read the description of this clock very well . Its clock is hard to read at an angle . If displays the current temperature in your house . The projection is rather weak . It looks like cheap junk.Overall , I do n't care about the temp within my house , that is why I have a thermostat . Yes , there will be hot and cold spots in my home and I will be curious about them , but not enough to increase my whole utility bill to fix them , nor will I buy a clock to tell me for the next few years that the cold/hot spot I feel is indeed different from the rest of the house . So showing me that as the sole temp is just silly . If it told me the temp of the outside AND the inside ok , or JUST the outside great , but not what it does.Also , the display is rather weak . I wanted the time displayed on my ceiling as it 's easier to see the time while I lay awake at night worrying about the economy and how much money I am losing in my 401k . However , if I leave basic appliance lights on -LRB- DVD , VCR , cable box -RRB- it washes out the display making it hard to read . I do n't want to have to make sure the DVD player is set to its lowest level of display so that it is n't overly bright and I can see my display on the ceiling!And of course it just looks cheap . But with all that being said , the temp is rather accurate , the time is obviously accurate , and the projection display -LSB- finally -RSB- does its job given the right set of conditions and room conditions .
 I bought this thing to solve a problem and I have a new one , I red the little manual , trying to figure out how to have a projection and no way . It does not stay in projection mode , if you want to see the light projection you have to press the button . I change the battery , I left the clock for 26 minute before to change the paramenters and no way . I wil buy one more expensive but one that work the projection . Of course I do not recogmend it .
 This product was purchased as a Christmas gift and unfortunately did not work as advertised . The projection light only was operational when touched - perhaps this was defective . I have returned the product for a refund and am awaiting the refund .
 This product does not work . It is plugged in to electricity and when the power went off , it wuit .
 After the 2 of us read the entire -LRB- English -RRB- instruction book carefully and step-by-step set the clock for Pacific Standard Time , it repeatedly re-set itself three hours off in the AM and four hours off in the PM .
 The product promises good results , but the instruction manual is very unfriendly and confusing -- and printed in such small fonts that one needs a magnifying glass to read it and a third hand to execute the steps that are indicated . Unfortunately , as an average customer , I have only two hands.After several attempts , I still have not been able to make the display light up permanently onto the ceiling.I look forward to resolving that , but the problem is that you need a combination of obscurity in the room to view the display on the ceiling , but light on the instruction manual to read it !
 The unit is supposed to have a projection LED . The manual states that `` When the unit is plugged into AC outlet , the projection alarm will continuously project the time . '' This does not happen . What good is the projection when in the middle of the night you have to find the clock , find the right button and read the time befor the light goes out ? How do you trust a company like this ?
 I am sorry I bought this thing . It 's way too complicated to set up , and yes , I read the instructions ... they only added to my frustration . I would not recommend this product at all and will think 3 times before purchasing anything else from this manufacturer .
 This projection alarm clock did not function as descriped . The projection only showed when a button was pressed , and then it was not very large and/or clear . If I have to press a button to see the projection then I might as well just look at the clock . Do n't waste you time or money by purchasing this item .
 I ordered this as a companion for my new Olympian stainless grill and had to return it . The first time I placed the grill inside and zipped it shut the corner of the grill cut right through the bag . The bag is very thin and rips with the slightest pressure . I would not recommend it .
 After having the barrel inside the hand grip split on a couple of cheaper hose nozzles I started looking for a solid brass nozzle . That 's not what this is.The nozzle part is indeed brass , but the body is a cheaper pot metal covered with rubber . Where the pot metal shows it is painted to look convincingly like brass , but alas ... Overall the quality is not much better than what you will probably find in your home center , but do n't expect this to be solid brass . Also , the handle looks like it will only last a few years.Oh for the good old days when `` brass '' meant `` brass '' and things would last .
 The Snow Joe 12-Inch 6.6 Amp Electric Snow Thrower # 322 is only good in 4in of light , powdery snow . This thing is darn near useless . Even if there is n't a lot of snow and you 're trying to clear a path in a small driveway or on the side walk , if the snow is too heavy , the Snow Joe barely budges or it does n't dig deep . You have to go over the snow with several passes to even see the ground and I 'm talking about only a few inches of snow . I had to eventually put this product aside and start using my shovel again . I do n't like having to reshovel what this product is supposed to be plowing through . Yeah , it makes a lot of noise but that 's about all it does.I purchased the Snow Joe because I thought it would be a time and back saver but it turned out to be clumsy and ineffective .
 I noticed after the second used that one of the blades is already broke . -LRB- about a 2 '' piece is missing from one of the blades . That 's what you get for something that spins at high speeds and is made from plastic.Can I get a replacement blade ????
 I recvd this the other day & used it today after the NYC snow storm ! I had to keep bushing it too many times to get it to blow any snow ! The blue plastic blade even broke on this 1st day!SUCKS !!!! Now I have to try to get another blade after using it for 1 day!I guess you get what you pay for!I would not recommend this to any one !
 Several people really seem to like this product , so I guess there 's a niche somewhere . I understood when I bought it that it was n't going to replace a $ 400 snow blower , but I was disappointed in how little it can actually handle . It can handle about 4 inches of POWDERY snow . Once the snow settles and hardens a little , this device gets overwhelmed.If you have a serious back condition , I guess this might make sense , since you do n't have to do the shoveling motion . But it is VERY limited in what it can handle . I did n't attempt to return it because it does function and the shipping would be prohibitive ... but I regretted this purchase after its first use .
 Simply stated
 I would say the product is good for small walk ways and light snows . But for larger areas or snows over 5 inches , it does not do the job . Also for older people and very young because it has no wheels holding it becomes quite heavy .
 I read many good reviews of this blower , and i liked the price . Intended to use it to shovel my driveway and walk.Well logic tells you that if the snow thrower opening is in the front the snow will be thrown in the front ... guess what , it is ! It throws well , but no matter how many different ways I angled the machine to the side as the directions suggested , the snow still built up in front of me . gave up in the middle of shovelling . Perhaps I will use it for my deck next year , but what a waste for now .
 A chunck of ice the size of an ice cube shattered the blade ... buy spare blades at $ 20.00 each ... If You Can Find Them !!!
 I got a good deal on this back in February of 2007 . The unopened box has been sitting in my garage until mother nature dumped 6 inches of snow on Christmas Eve 2009 in Tulsa , OK . The forecast called for near freezing temps all week , so I was not expecting it to melt much any time soon . I put the Snow Joe together , and cleaned off the front porch and driveway in less than a half hour . Where the snow was 6 '' or more , I had to hold the Snow Joe up a couple inches off the ground so it could successfully shave and blow off the top few inches , and then I went back and did the bottom layer . I tried to do a small area in the fenced backyard , so my dog could relieve himself . It tried to throw the grass and dirt along with the snow , so I held it off the ground a few inches . Maybe if it had some wheels , it would work better for this purpose . If you 've every tried to shovel snow , you know it is heavy and back-breaking work . This little gizmo saved my back , and I consider it paid for itself the first time I used it . For those of us who do n't see much snow , it does n't take up much space , is better for the environment , and is ready to go with a touch of a button compared to a gasoline-powered snow blower.Update
 THIS MORNING I USED MY SNOW JOE PLUS FOR THE THIRD TIME AND IT BROKE . HIT A SMALL ROCK AND IT BROKE OFF A PIECE OF BLADE . IT WORKED FOR ABOUT A MINUTE THEN STOPPED ALL TOGETHER . YOU MAY WANT TO USE RUBBER INSTEAD OF PLASTIC ! I DO N'T THINK I 'LL BE PURCHASING THIS PRODUCT AGAIN , PERHAPS OTHER PRODUCTS FROM THIS COMPANY .
 Easy to assemble and works great for throwing snow ! The day I received it , I accidentally nicked the paddle/blade on a small piece of ice , throwing a chunk of blade through the air . My fault -LRB- though the paddle is pretty fragile ! -RRB- , so I attempted to order a replacement paddle on Snowjoe 's website . The website is NOT compatible with any browser other than IE , and we use Firefox instead of IE because of security concerns . So then I called the 800 number to place the order ... after 40 minutes on hold , the agent was NOT able to take a parts order since she could n't quote me a price !?! -LRB- it was $ 20 on the website -RRB- . She was only able to `` open a trouble ticket '' and promised someone would call me back to take my parts order . That was over a week ago , and I 'm still waiting for that call . In the meantime , we 're continuing to use the Snowjoe , though it will be useless once the nicked blade breaks all the way through . Based on this experience , I would buy the similar snow thrower from Toro ...
 Snow Joe is a NO SHOW ! Forget about the 2 year warrenty!I thought at first this would be great for small areas . Assembly easy except for a tricky routing of the wiring in the mounting housing to get it to sit flush.The real trouble happens when you try to use this thing . The snow auger is made of an inferior plastic the gets more brittle the colder it gets . DUH , a snow thrower gets used in the cold ? The snow auger became cracked and chipped on the very first use . So I contacted customer service at Snow Joe . The most important part of the snow joe is n't covered by the warrenty . That tells me they knew full well that it is made of unsuitable materials . A new auger costs $ 20 plus shipping . At the Amazon price of $ 60 , thats close to half the cost of a new unit with the shipping charge.So sad we now live in a world of disposable appliances , and the only way consumers learn which product is a rip off is after you 've shelled out your money.My advice is to look for a snow thrower with a metal of rubber compound auger . The snow joe is a piece of junk , and the company does not stand behind its product design . I guess they figured people are stupid enough to keep buying these plastic replacement augers that probably cost all of 50 cents to manufacture .
 Does n't move as much as I 'd hoped . Also , my driveway and walk are n't completely level , which makes this thing somewhat challenged . Wish it worked better .
 Not only is the snow joe incredibly cheaply made , but when even the smallest part breaks you will find yourself going in circles trying to get any support from the company . You will call them and then they say to go online , you go online and your part is n't listed so you call again . they say to go online . go online again and youre right back to still having a broken piece of garbage . Toro makes an almost identical product for about the same price . You might be able to `` save '' $ 10 with a snow joe , but remember it is because it is $ 10 less for a piece of garbage .
 This does the job and was a good price for the buy . The blade however did break after a few uses so I would n't recommend it . It was just plastic .
 I have purchased 2 of these poles in the past six months . The first one , I thought I damaged myself by not being really careful with it . The pole would close on itself when fully extended making it impossible to open again . The hand tightner would not hold the pole open , had to use duct tape . Bought another pole figuring I would be extra cautious with it and to ensure I did everything correct . I had the same issue within 2 weeks . The pole slid back on itself when fully extended causing the pole not to extend properly also the hand tightining lock does not function well at all . This is the second and last pole I buy . The only reason it got 2 stars , was when it did work correctly , it was a lifesaver for cleaning the second story . I pressure wash homes and need a commericial grade pole vice a once and done pole .
 I purchased this device and it broke after 5 minutes of use . The extension rod broke at the base and according to the vendor that used to purchased this device they noted that I overextended the device which does n't make sense . You can only extend it to the lengths that are preset on the device . Once the pole broke , the top of the pole hit the ground and it could have damaged property or much worst caused injuries . The fact that they have a `` super heavy duty '' version of this product tells you that this product is n't as `` heavy duty '' as they note .
 I purchased this extension wand to clean a two story building , when you extend the wand to it 's full length it is like having a fishing pole with no control whatsoever it is extremely heavy . My strongest employee was unable to clean the building let alone holding it for more than 5 minutes . This company is very difficult to work with , make sure you are going to like this because it is not easy to return and they want to charge a re-stocking fee along with the shipping of it both ways -LRB- $ 45 -RRB- even though the product is misleading . Buyer beware !!!!
 I bought this to allow for easy cleaning of high up areas so I did not have to climb a ladder to use my pressure washer -LRB- which is not recommended -RRB- . I am not a small guy at all and this wand with full pressure is so hard to use when it is extended that it is almost impossible to control . It flexes so much when extended and it is hard to extend and retract that I have had to use vise grips to loosen or tighten the extension length . The unit actually failed and was spraying water out of a cracked fitting but was easily fixed thanks to my plumber father . I never use this fully extended anymore and try to avoid using it when I can help it .
 This sensor worked well for one year . I will try to return it for replacement , 5 year warranty ... . johan
 This product is not compatible with all timers so I 'm stuck with a product that 's collecting dust in the original packagin .
 Had Hunter , which I was very satisfied with it 's functional accessories , however , lasted 14 months -LRB- $ 100 unit -RRB- . Was n't going to spend another $ 100 for Hunter unit when their reliablity is so poor . Selected cheep Toro . Works alright , but little flexability in programing and no rain sensor terminals . Instructions are n't very clear , but , you can figure them out with trial and error . I do n't think there is any manufacturer who makes a reliable sprinkler timer -LRB- read ; no warrantee past one year -RRB- . If they were truly producing a quality product , the warrantee period would be , at least , five times longer . You ca n't buy good , so buy cheap !
 I purchased this item for my outdoor space . Amazon was great with the quick shipping as the collection -LRB- I purchased the entire sectional collection -RRB- arrived within 2 days . For a week it sat in the box in my dinning room and after taking it out the box , I immediately called Amazon for a return . While this is nice to look at , it is not practical at all . Its very deep , sits low the ground and the back is very tall . One would HAVE TO purchase pillows to go along the back . I had read all the other reviews before purchasing , but decided to buy regardless and take my chances . This time I should have listened to past reviewersI am sending this collection back and looking to order the faulker set by strathwood .
 Although larger than I expected this is a plastic cheap boot tray . If you want a plastic cheap boot tray then this plastic cheap boot tray is right for you .
 The item was received broken in the corner , and the broken piece was not in the box so it had to have been packed broken . It was also cracked through the bottom , I added a photo in the shipping / packaging review .
 Quite flimsy for the price . After I ordered this , I bought one at Home Depot for $ 4 and it is better than this . would not recommend this given the price
 I purchased 3 pieces from the group and I have a different type of fabric on this chair , but it is part of the group . Otherwise it is great
 I built a sectional out of the different pieces sold by Strathwood from their Camano line . The sectional sits too low from the ground and , moreover , unless you are planning on spending some money on additional pillows , it is too deep and , as such , very uncomfortable . Also , the whitish cushions got too dirty too quickly even though this unit sits in a covered patio ... Getting each cushion out of each cover was a royal pain as well . The zippers do not go all the way around so maneuvering the cushions in and out of the covers was difficult . Would not necessarily recommend .
 As a kid we had Melnor travelling sprinklers and seem to recall they worked very well . I am less than pleased with this version . Although it mentions not to use with new lawn , I did and the results were disappointing . You have to make sure that the connections are perfect . It does not handle even a slight incline well and lower water pressure tips the scales even further . I have to baby sit this thing to make sure it keeps moving . The sprinkler heads move very slowly unless going downhill . It was very contentious . When purchasing this item you would expect to set it even on a slight slope and watch it move at least 25 feet in an hour and have the sprinkler heads move in a rapid fashion . On even ground , the sprinkler heads slow to a crawl and sometime barely move at all and the progress it makes is generally about 5-7 feet per hour . My lawn is now almost fully grown and at this time I have abandoned it 's use in favor of other sprinklers . Perhaps if you have everything going for you , slightly downhill slope , high water pressure , perfect connections and hard ground you will get better results.I would recommend buying another `` type '' of sprinkler . They do n't make them like they used to .
 Like the previous reviewer , we too , had a Melnor traveling sprinkler that worked great 25 years ago . They definitely do n't make 'em like they used to , and this sprinkler is a complete waste of a lot of money . No wonder the company does n't stand behind their products -- even they know it 's not worth it.The sprinkler worked fine for the first few times , so I thought I was having better luck . But within a month it just stopped , and no amount of tightening , checking or prodding will get it going again . If I had the time or inclination to babysit a sprinkler , I would have bought one for $ 20 , not $ 60 . You 're paying for the convenience it supposedly offers -- to set it and leave it to do its thing.To make things worse , Melnor 's customer service response was to ask me to send the mechanism back -LRB- at my expense of course . -RRB- Now I know why so few stores carry their products .
 This item was a disapointment . Looks great in the picture but is cheaply made . Peices of the wicker were coming loose . The item is also very short . I am 5ft 10 and my feet stick off the end by a couple of inches . I guess you get what you pay for . If you spend $ 800 - $ 1000 you will get much better construction and at the end of the day will last longer than this .
 Unfortunately I had to purchase 24 of these things and I only needed 4 . They said it fits various sprinkler heads , but it did n't fit mine . I am sending them back , all 24 of them . They 're huge in diameter , so if you order them , make sure you 're aware of the size and quantities you 'll be receiving .
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 We made a choice of buying a NEW `` Toro Irrigation Lawn Genie L50106P-Station Mechanical Watering Sprinkler Timer '' versus a used one , shipped to us by Vanguard Wholesale . After careful installation , this device did not perform properly . As a result our lawn began to dry out.I made several attemps to call Vanguard Wholesale for possible resolution , but never got a call back for messages I left . My husband called a plumber who dicovered the system was defected . We shipped the item back to Vanguard Wholesale . It cost us an additional 3 hours labor to the plumber , a new timer system and shipping costs to recieve & return the item back to Vangaurd . Shame on Vanguard to charging shipping fees for a return which was beyond our control .
 I really wanted to like this watering can , but it 's only got good looks going for it . As a simple watering tool , it falls surprisingly short . The last two-thirds of water comes out in spurts , as opposed to a steady stream , which makes me think something about the design is prohibiting the uptake of water . Then , it 's nearly impossible to completely pour out the can until empty , unless you rock it back and forth sloshing the water out or turn it over and shake it out . Since I was looking for a more than just a decorative object , I 'm afraid this has to go back to the store .
 i bought this watering can to replace an old metal one that i had purchased from walmart over two years ago . i was searching for something to replace my ` perfect ' can that had sprung many leaks due to being left out in the sun ... i am , however , disappointed to find out from the sticker on the bottom of the can that it contains lead . having small children , i am now going to be returning this product to the store i purchased it at and searching for a different can.also , as a previous reviewer stated , this can does not pour water easily during the final half quart or so that it holds . i would tolerate that , because it 's very elegant looking , but i can not tolerate having a product with lead within easy reach of my kids .
 I bought this with the impression that the gourds and bracket came with the order . I was informed by Northern Tool that that would be an additional 72 dollars . Very misleading advertising . Customer Service wasrude about the situation blamed it on Amazon . Will not buy from NorthernTool again !!! Northern tool item # 16935
 After building one martin birdhouse from scratch I decided it would be easier to buy a kit . I am sorry I did , after getting the kit assembled three quarters of the way I find that I need to buy a round pole and a adapter to top off -LRB- plug the large square hole in the roof -RRB- or modify it myself to patch the hole an adapt it to the triangular pole I already have . I refuse to reward companies that sell incomplete products in order that they might sell you additional Items . The instructions are barely adequate and I question durability of the Item on a long term basis .
 I bought this bird house because I did n't have time to build out of wood . The house looked good on box and the instructions were clear . the inside walls of house are crap . It as impossible to get the second floor installed without trashing the first floor . the inside walls are made of cheap flimsy plastic . I ended up throwing most of it in the trash . This house would only be a good deal if it was sold at the dollar store for $ .50 If you buy , you will be sorry
 Bought this item , seems like a good idea but it 's not a good long term house for Martins . In the last spring we had high winds , bent the cheap pole that was supplied by the company , they refused to replace it stating the wind could not have bent it , I even sent pictures , but then they would not reply . Took the bent mess down through it all in the Trash where it belonged , put up aT14 have raised Martins successfully now for five years
 We Purchased this birdhouse as a Fathers Day gift and paid for priority shipping to make sure it arrived on time . Unfortunately Amazon subs out some items to companies like `` NORTHERN TOOL '' . Not only did they mistakenly use the billing address for the shipping address , the package never arrived ontime or otherwise at either location . When we contacted UPS about the delivery , they said `` only the shipper can register an inquiry '' . We never got ANY RESPONSE back fron Northern Tool . Eventually Amazon credited us for our payment . Totally disapointed .
 I own this product , but I have not used it yet . Actually I have never finished putting it together . Why?First I want to stress , saying , `` DO YOUR HOMEWORK ! '' . I have learned since wanting , and then quickly purchasing a Martin house for my backyard , that there is more to than just putting something up . I did not read that there is a time to put up Martin houses . Nor did I learn about the different types of Martin houses there are . And I had no idea of all that needs to be considered when one does put up , and then to maintain a Martin house.I gave two stars . One is that if you do not have the money for a proper Martin house , then this house might do . One star was also for the possibility of correcting some problems this house in my opinion has.The corrugated plastic material totally deflated me when I saw it . I will probably still give this product a try in January , but with some changes . The room size is way too small . So I will make only 6 rooms which are 12 inches deep , and not the 12 rooms of 6 inches deep . Because Owls make midnight snacks of the Martins reaching in for a claw full of whatever they can grab . Also I have read that Martins do n't like their neighbor Martins , so on the porch area , besides needing to have Owls guards , there should be porch dividers . I believe these two extra items can be purchased for this particular house.Even though the instructions look easy enough to put together , I was taken back that I would have to cut out the type of hole I wanted to use . Again read to find out which size you want to use . I would have liked it better if the holes were able to just snap out.I think this item may fall in with the saying , `` You get what you pay for . '' This item may fit our pocketbook , but think of the birds first on this type of a purchase . -LRB- Note
 My wife received this house for Christmas along with the tri-pole and was very excited to have a martin colony of our own , after enjoying watching our neighbor 's colony feeding against central Texas sunsets for about six years.During the holidays , I opened the flat-packed box and got after sorting the component plastic pieces and corrugated plastic internals -LRB- like the yard signs you see on wire legs at intersections and the like ... -RRB- . Put it together and was a bit disappointed in the poor materials , design and reliance on plastic friction fasteners for assembly , but figured it would be all right ... Not everything has to be over designed/built per my preferences ... So , mid January finally came and we gleefully hoisted the house atop the tri-pole I had so carefully cemented in the center of our backyard 's `` flightpath '' . Over the next week , we cheerfully discussed the return of the martins with our neighbors and appreciated the ease of the tri-pole 's telescoping ability to clean out the sparrow nests that kept appearing overnight , and were somewhat dismayed that about half of the plastic tabs that keep the entrances to the rooms closed had broken off during the repeated cleanings . All the while , hoping that the swarm of martins flying around would show interest in our new house.Then it happened . Yesterday . Two male martins flew over and very intently began checking out our house ! My wife was giddy ... the kids were dancing around singing and pointing ... And the males were uncomfortably clinging to the railing outside the entrances . The picture shows several adults contentedly perched on the railing . With only about a half inch between the railing and the house , there 's not enough depth for them to do anything besides awkwardly hang on , like bats . And finally it hit me ... THEY CA N'T GET IN ! Those two males tried every opening , including the ones in the `` attic '' . No go.Imagine the dashed hopes of your family when they see that the birds ca n't use the new home you 've been talking about for three months.So , in summary , the design is miserable , the materials are as cheap as possible and the result is the prettiest sparrow house on the market.I 'm going to go find some corrugated plastic signs and make my own . The quality will be about the same , except it 'll work .
 This is the worst Martin House I have ever had the misfortune to buy , If I had n't lost my reciept it would have went straight back to the store .
 I bought this Martin house , figuring the Martins would love it . Boy was I wrong , they wo n't even land on it . So ' now the sparrows have taken it over . It 's very hard to take apart for cleaning and it 's also top heavy on the pole . It 's coming down this spring and going into the garbage can . Do n't waste your money on a plastic Martin house , but the aluminum one .
 This product is good for nothing more than jumping your battery ! It is way to expensive for just this and it 's heavy . If you try do n't like it and try to return it to Ambient , they charge a 25 % restock fee , gift or not ! I would not buy this again , it does very little for the hefty price tag .
 Lacking description details -- shows all models but not if it is threaded -LRB- male/female -RRB- , barbed , etc. .
 I 'm not surprised this plant is dying . When the postman dropped it , literally , on my doorstep , I had no idea what was in the box . How could I - it was a flat rate priority mail box with no markers to indicate a living plant was in it ! When I opened it there was an explosion of styrofoam packing peanuts -LRB- did anyone realize that they give off gases which could damage the plant ?! -RRB- and dirt from this poor unwatered , bare set of olive twigs . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I had this bug zapper for about two years . The activation button was very finicky and would not work very easily . I had to make adjustments to the power pack to get it to work . The on button fell apart a couple of times and I was able to put it back together . When the on button broke again , I just threw the whole thing away . This product is effective at killing bugs when it actually turns on . This bug zapper was more trouble than it was worth . I should have returned it immediately .
 I ordered this product because of the rechargeable battery . The pictures of the product are what sold me on this particular product . The product they sent to me is completely different from what the product pictures depict . As I have not seen the actual product on the page -- the one I actually ordered -- I ca n't say for certain , but the product I received appears to be of a much lesser quality than the product pictured here . It 's green , not yellow . It does n't have the `` wind tunnel '' -- at all . There are Chinese characters all over the product I received , which are not in any way shown here . The `` removable '' battery pack as it is pictured , is fully attached and unremoveable on the product they sent . This makes it very difficult to plug in . I actually have not successfully been able to plug it in and charge it . Very dissatisfied . Do n't waste your time or money !
 This product is not good . The power cord that connects to the swatter does not make good contact and I bought it brand new . This is how I received it . It 's a waste of my money . I do n't have time to return it so it 's sitting around !
 Product started off good , but after less than 2 months of light usage it went kaput . After getting in contact with iTouchless , they informed me that there was NO warranty on item with only offering 15 % off me purchasing another one with them . Blah . Crap product given its faulty performance and waste of money .
 seem all the flies i try to zap with this thing just fly away . fast or slow swing makes no difference - none get the zap .
 I got this little gem for Christmas '07 and did n't get a chance to try it out until just recently . Right out of the box , I charged it up and it seemed to charge . Unplugged it and drawered it for several months . The charge was gone and the charge light no-longer came-on when I plugged it in . What a disappointment . I went with this one instead and am very pleased : Charcoal Companion Amazing Bug ZapperFly zapping should be a sport !
 I only used this three times . It was great at first , but after charging it for the third time -- it does not work !!! The light will flicker , but then it suddenly turns off . After a few attempt to push the button , the light does not come come on at all . This is a cheaply built bug swatter and I would NOT recommend it to anyone .
 It kills bugs excellently , unfortunately when I attempted to charge the battery for the first time , it shorted out and sparked and now the swatter will not work . I gave it 2 stars and not one since it did last a month and brought at least 100 mosquitoes , flies , and bees to their grave !
 This product was recommended to me by my daughter . There was an invasion of fruit flies in her house , and this brand of bug zapper was what she successfully used -- ONE TIME . She only needed it once , and it did the job . Well , I bought five of these iTouchless rechargeable bug zappers , because there is an ongoing mosquito problem where I live that is never going to go away . These were bought to be used much more than for just a one-shot use . I bought two for myself -LRB- thinking use one , charge one -RRB- , and the other three were bought as gifts to my neighbors . We 're all here suffering horribly from the ever-present mosqitos . I charged all the chargers for 24 hours before I gave the zappers as gifts All four of us had the identical experience
 I charged this product once and it worked well . The charge almost lasted 1 month . Tried charging again and it does n't charge . Called iTouchless and they told me that this product has 30 DAY WARRANTY and there is nothing they can do .
 The rechargeable battery attracted me to purchase this item because one of my neighbors have a similar one . This one has many safety feature which prevent you from killing the bug so it 's not as efficient . Just get the plain zapper , it shocks 'em faster !
 I purchased this more expensive device after my cheaper version fell and broke into pieces . I like it because it definitely looked to be of better quality . But zapping and killing flies are impossible ! I still have to zap the first fly!I am very disapointed . The cheaper version worked 100 % better .
 I never received my Electric Bug Zapper - so I 'm stil waiting to be able to review it . Thanks for asking .
 This is a good tool for the average home owner , and it does have some good features . It needs to be a little more heavy duty for serious tree work though , bigger rope for pulling , and heaveyer pulleys . Does cut good .
 This set may seem like a great deal , however the chisels I recieved were very very dull I could not do anything with them . When I showed them to my woodshop instructor he noted that the steel was much too thick and the angle much to harsh . Some of the shapes were interesting but he could n't really think of what you would ever use them for . This may seem like a great deal but it is infact not worth the $ 30 I paid for them .
 The barometer is a picture of a cloud and an arrow as described . This is the only display relating to weather.The design is attractive . It found the time and date and kept the signal in a basement and on an airplane . The radio reception depends on the antenna placement , but is decent.Not functional : Behind the clock is a control panel . It has 8 buttons
 I purchased this item March 25th so unfortunately I just started using it living in Boston I had to wait for the weather to warm up . I have used it now for about a month and there are bubbles thru out the hose do to the pressure build up . My previous hose never did this I just changed hoses do to wanting a red hose to go with my non functional fire hydrant . I would not recommend this hose and will be going back to my origanal hose do to the fact that it is over the 30 days I am sure I will not be able to return it . I would not recommend this hose !
 Got these to replace an old wooden spoon we have that was starting to wear out . The tall spoon chipped after just 1 use of stirring soup . Have not used the others yet , seeing as they are cheap I wo n't bother with trying to return them , but I did have promising expectations after reading the reviews . I just had mention my experience with them . I put up a photo of my spoon with the chip on its very first use .
 I have to say that these looked better in the pictures . For the price , I was expecting a heavier duty set .
 These spoons have a nasty perfumy odor . I have to wonder what smell are they trying to hide with that perfume ? For myself , I will return these rather than take a chance .
 No better than what I could buy at a dollar store . One utensil broke the first time used . What a waste of money .
 I do n't mind thin wooden utensils , but these are very thin and smaller than I thought they 'd be , which suggests they wo n't last long before they need to be replaced . I can buy better at Wal-Mart , sadly . Joy has let us down with this set . Skip it and find better .
 I ordered this product based on the good reviews and low price . I should have known the product was too cheap to be any good . The first time I touched this product which was to open it and take it out of the packaging to wash , I got a splinter !!! It 's not made well and the edges are not smooth . I do n't even want to touch the product anymore but since I already bought it , my husband wants to use it for a few times before we toss it . The spatula and mixing spoon are a bit on the short side in my opinion . I 'd rather spend more money on a higher quality product . I really do not understand how this item got such high reviews . I noticed that many of the reviews are quite old , from the 2006 era ... maybe the quality of the product has changed since then . Stay away !
 This is my second set of this product , , the first set I purchased from a hardware store in Texas . And I loved them . This set from Amazon is a second quality , they are not made with the same quality as my first set , there is a flaw on the back of two of the spoons , the finish is rough and the edges are misshaped on one of the spoons.The price was good but I did not know I was getting seconds till I opened the box and saw them .
 We purchased this mower about a year and a half ago . It is not very rugged to say the least . The `` steel '' bends to easily making the mower not work properly . The cutting blades have flown off twice . In one instance , the blade shot through the red metal structure . Thank God no one was standing nearby or they could have been killed . When I called the customer service department , their attitude was certainly not service oriented . She simply replied , `` Well , the warranty is for a year so there is nothing we can do . '' Not exactly willing to stand by their product .
 In early summer of 2012 I purchased a 60 inch Swisher finish cut trail mower . I pull it with my Polaris Ranger SUV . I like the power of the mower -LRB- 18.5 HP -RRB- and the finish cut it makes . I mow about 7 acres or so . My issue is this . I have mowed approximately 15 hours or so with this mower . After the first 3 hours the 5 inch bolt that hold the engage lever snapped . I replaced this bolt with a stronger bolt and after about an hour of using the mower the short belt broke . I replaced this belt and within another couple of hours this belt broke again . I replaced this belt and then after about 2 hours of mowing my third belt also broke.On October 5 , 2012 I sent a fax to Swisher mower company as provided in the owners manual explaining my problem . Ten days later I am yet to hear from anyone.If by some chance someone from Swisher is reading these reviews Please contact me at falcon_25825@yahoo.com . I would like to konw what I can do to remedy the issues I am haveing . I like the mower but the problems are frustrating and getting expensive to say the least . Also the property I am mowing is relatively level and free of debris so I know that is not the issue.thanksC.E . Akers
 Be prepared to reinforce the arm and movable towing parts . Swishers view of the terrain is more in line with how a finish mower should perform . Once you spend an additional est 300 dollars to reinforce the towing assembly be very careful with the manual extension cord use to engage the mower blades . This repeatedly comes loose and must be checked frequently . Replacing the belt is not an easy task either . Once you make the modifications still use caution . The towing are is this products weakest link .
 I was going to give this 5 stars last year because I really liked it . But the spring is now worn out after about a year of use and the hose wo n't wind up completely .
 What can go wrong with such a simple product ? There are only two parts , and tworeasons to avoid it .1 -RRB- The water vessel is made of plastic that does not conduct heat.Since heat is not transfered from the radiator to water in the vessel , evaporation is not done well ... 2 -RRB- Hooks are made for very narrow radiators -LRB- less than 2 '' from the edge to the center -RRB- . If your radiators are wider , you 'll have to make your own hooks to hang the vessel.But it wo n't help you due to 1 -RRB- ... It 's a cheap , but totally non-functional product ...
 Purchased 5 Snow Joe radiator humidifiers which arrived very soon after the order and in plenty of time for the East Coast blizzard and freeze . For starters , they are a profoundly ugly , charcoal gray eyesore in most any space but a coal mine . The ridges on the back side did not match the pipes on the radiator and the hangers did not fit without force , making them very difficult to install and remove . We were worried about applying too much pressure because the hangers are held in place by a plastic tab which did not seem strong enough . We filled them as directed , anticipating humidity to increase warmth . Two weeks later , very little water had evaporated , and green scum had developed . I used filtered water to prevent mold . I place the humidifiers in 5 separate rooms and the net result was the same.The cost of the humidifiers was a waste and the house is still an old house heated by expensive-to-fill and circulate radiators . the $ 50 dollars would have been better spent on the heating bill .
 Does n't really work . Plastic construction does n't conduct heat enough to evaporate enough water to make a difference . Plus the hooks it comes with are a joke . I have really run of the mill radiators and the hooks do n't even come close to fitting . I rigged it up with some wire but that doesnt fix the plastic construction problem . Total waste of money .
 First , these did not fit any of the radiators we have in our house . The containers have to fit snugly to your radiators otherwise the water in them will never get hot enough to add moisture in the rooms . Second , the radiators do n't stay hot for long enough -LRB- typically 1-2hrs -RRB- when the heat comes on . Since these are made of plastic material I think the heat does not get conducted fast enough to vaporize any of the water in them.Bottom line - save your money and get a Vornado humidifier or something .
 The idea is nice but the ribbed surface does n't work with many radiators - including our flat ones - and it 's not easy to fill or clean . Essentially , a nice old idea that works if you have exactly the right radiator but even then does n't put enough water in to the air to be worth the money . If you have numerous ones it might work well but then , they 'd have to be priced differntly .
 I was surprised to find these humidifiers were plastic , as metal would be better to conduct heat to warm the water to evaporation levels . The hooks would only have been able to grab on a round metal edge running left to right while most radiators are n't built that way , including mine and I could not use these at all . Until someone comes out with some good old fashioned metal types like we used to have , I will pass on this `` new '' style . Therefore , until then , these are a very good advertisement for electric humidifiers , of which I just bought two .
 Snow Joe 209 Radiator Humidifier - BeigeI ordered 3 and received 1 replacement.ALL were cracked and leaked . No good for anything !!
 I did n't like the cheap plastic material of this thing at all.I found a ceramic version that seems safer and is also much more elegant . Unfortuantely , have to order from Europe - -LSB- ... -RSB- Hopefully Amazon will add a better product like that to their catalog.Snow Joe 209 Radiator Humidifier - Beige
 The reservior is a little on the small side , but the killer is that the hooks supplied are only for very small radiators . They will not work with larger NYC apartment ones . Hopefully the manufacturer will address this .
 Yes it is a good handle , I was just upset when I orderd two , thinking I would get four handles and only recieved two . When there is clearly two pieces in the picture .
 If Ames shows two handles in an image selling wheelbarrow handles and only delivers one , that is deceitful advertising .
 The last review on this was 3 years ago so I thought I 'd take my chances.When I first opened the clock I left the orb on the base for a good 20 hours to give it a chance to charge . It obviously was n't holding the charge because the clock base did n't even know the orb was there . So I gave up and cut open the battery pack . It is just two rechargeable AAA batteries taped together and soldered to some wires.Unlike other people back in 2009 I did n't have to wonder if the battery was good or not . Once I took off the plastic wrap on the batteries I could see one was leaking acid . So it was clearly bad and that was why it was not holding a charge . I just happened to have a couple of AAA rechargeables laying around so I taped them together and soldered them together as best I could -LRB- solder does not stick well to retail AAA battery terminals -RRB- . I put the orb back in the base and now it works fine . However , even now that it is working the projection is pretty weak . In the daylight the LED projection is n't visible if you project it more than about 4 feet . It is plastic lenses , not glass so they really do n't project the laser light very well . It is sad . . the obr is almost very cool . I 'd be more upset if I had paid anything close to full price.If you decide to take your chances be prepared tt do some electrical engineering to get it to work .
 The clock needs to be right in a window in order to receive a signal . I have a number of radio updated clocks and the others work well inside the home . Also , some of the functions are activated with great difficulty . Also , the image implies the orb floats but it does not . The time zone has to be changed constantly -LRB- it reverts back to Pacific time -RRB- . Lastly , it 's way overpriced . The projection feature is the only nice thing about it .
 When I recieved this product , it came with a faulty pH probe and the cost of the chemicals to maintain the probe are n't worth it . I couuld n't get reliable pH readings with this product . Local stores in my area no longer carry this brand of pH meter due to similar complaints .
 This meter is a piece of junk . It fluctuates between 5 and 14 ph when you are testing , if you move at all it wont give an accurate reading , and the calibration is difficult . You would be better off guessing the ph rather than using this .
 I bought this product so that I could power my laptop in the car . I bought other Coleman products in the past and bought this one because of the Coleman name . It worked great for 3 months . Then it just stopped working . It was still under warranty so I called Coleman for a replacement . They said the product was made by another company that licensed Coleman 's name . They would n't replace it or refund my money . Amazon would n't replace it or refund my money because I was outside of their 30 day window . So now I have a very expensive piece of junk that nobody will support . I wo n't be buying Coleman products any more !
 While it did a decent job of cutting the grass , this blade has very little vacuum , and was n't that great at mulching , and it easily bent . Replaced it with a Gator blade , much improved mulching performance .
 Instructions totally inadequate about how to insert the rings inside of the mower.Mower kept stalling when it was being pushed
 Do not buy this trimmer . I have been struggling with it for 2 years . I takes forever to start , does not idle , uses a lot of gas I also brought it in for repair . They charged me $ 40 . and told me that it was not worth fixing . I wish I had returned it . I only gave it one star because that was the only way I could post this comment
 Once you get it going , this is a OK string trimmer . The problem is starting it . I literally have to pull the string on this thing at least 25 times to get -LRB- and keep -RRB- this started . Yes , I counted this morning . After about five or so pulls , it will start , then just die.Once it gets going , the thing works well . It 's heavy , though , and it 's tiring to use.I must admit that the .105 thick string works very , very well . I seldom have to ` bump ' it along.All in-all , though , I ca n't recommend this . The starting problems negate the few positives .
 I 've owned my trimmer for about 3 years . After the first year the string advance system quit working . I have to manually advance the string in order to use it . A couple of things I 've noticed is that the strings get tangled on the spool and jams . The other thing is that the tap and racket system for advancing the spool looses clearance and it will not advance . I have to stop and loosen the nut until I can advance the string manually . It more than doubles my trimming time.I 've had better luck with trimmers , even cheaper ones , that have spools that are partitioned so each string on a dual string system has it own spool . They do n't tangle.The tap and racket system not working might be due to thermo growth or warping when the spool gets warm . I 've tried filing the tabs buts it does n't seem to help . I do n't think it a problem with grass getting into the mechanism because cleaning it dows n't help . I 've had better luck with units that use speed change to advance the string.Is there a better aftermarket spool system ?
 It just wo n't start . I 've did everything that you should do and it just died . Next time I will just buy a Honda .
 Very poor design , materials , and workmanship . To make matters worse the support is non-existent . This is not the Troy Built we used to know and love .
 I bought the Troy-Bilt TB90BC from Lowe 's to replace an old Craftsman trimmer that finally wore out after 10 + years of pretty hard use . I liked this trimmer 's split shaft design , the ability to use it as either a brush cutter or string trimmer , as well as the Troy-Bilt reputation . This is a HORRIBLE product . Although it started fine the first or second time , it quickly became difficult to start , would n't come up to operating speed , and had no power . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT . Based on this experience I wo n't consider a Troy-Bilt product again . I 'm going to have to replace this piece of -LRB- new -RRB- junk - but this time I 'm going to go to my local lawn equipment dealer who also services the products that they sell . I may pay a little more - but being able to take it back to them for service if needed will be worth it .
 I 've had this trimmer 3 years . The first year it worked fine . I always stored it according to the manual and the second season it barely ran . I cleaned the carb and replaced the plug and it kind of worked for a few minutes at a time if I held the choke . This year it 's the same thing . According to my research they are disposable pieces of $ # & ! . I 'm going to take the sawzall to it and trash it . The carb does n't have adjustment so I guess they 're meant to work one year and Troybilt does n't care about reputation . Now I have to go to spend money on a new one if I want to do yard work . I 'll be sure the next one has an adjustable carb . I 've never had this much trouble with a 2-stroke engine . This thing was n't exactly cheap at about $ 150 ! Do I hear class action lawsuit ?!
 I also have 14 month old Troi Bilt string trimmer . Engine parts are not available on line . The local shop wanted $ 55.00 for the carberator and $ 45.00 labor plus $ 15.00 for the check-out . I purchased a new Ryobi trimmer to replace the Troi Bilt . It was easier than finding parts and the new price was only $ 122.00 with a one year warrenty.I guess Troi Built is placing a lot of money in advertising and not enough in customer support.FYI the Ryobi worked well the first time .
 If I could rate this lower than 1-star , I would . I tried to give this trimmer a fair shake , but it lived up to its bad reputation . The easy start feature is faulty ; it broke the second time I used it . To have it repaired would cost almost as much as the trimmer does new . I attempted to repair it myself but removing the clutch assembly without a special tool is practically imposible . I fought with it for hours and finally disposed of the whole thing , where it belongs , in the dump . I have owned lots of small machines like this but never have I had one that performed so poorly and was so difficult to repair . Please , please , please do not buy this . You will save yourself $ 100 and a ton of frustration .
 It 's been one year and I 'm on my second unit -LRB- first one was replace by Lowes -RRB- and now my current one is in the shop getting the carb rebuilt . It had about 4 tanks of gas run through it before its untimely demise and was stored EMPTY over the winter . My local service center AND Troy-Bilt say that additives in the gasoline -LRB- alcohols etc -RRB- caused the issue . This seems suspicious , but even if this is the case I would expect to get a bit more life out of the trimmer before a carb rebuild is necessary . Both parties are telling me I may need a carb rebuild every year ! I 'm considering cutting my losses at this point and buying a Stihl instead .
 I bought this product from Lowe 's . I used it for about 15 minutes with the string head and was very impressed , right up until the moment that it died and would not restart . I took it back to the store , where they gave me a refund , no questions asked.I was hoping that the extra $ $ compared to my previous Homelite would get me a quality product . It did n't . Based on my experience , and on the other reviews , I do n't think that I will be buying Troy-Bilt again .
 I purchased the unit for father 's day and used it for trimming a field of tall grass . I was amazed at the ease which it trimmed the grass and weeds . The second time I used the unit ; it stopped idling and then it died . I then looked in the manual and checked the air filter
 Slick appearing . Lousey operation . While cutting with the blade attachment , cuttings bound-up the blade against the shield and stalled-killed the engine.On attempted re-start , the starter mechanism failed to engage and no one will work on it . Troy-Bilt has no interest to help with a solution -LRB- I dare you to contact Troy-Bilt 's help line -RRB- and LOWES technician recommended that I throw it away and buy a new one . Instead and on reflection , I think I will buy some stock in Troy-Bilt and Lowes . Obviously they are a lot smarter than I am !!! My hope is that there are are enough other folks out there dumb enough -LRB- as I was -RRB- to buy one of these TB90BC Trimmer/Brushbutters . If there is , I expect to make enough off my two stock investments to hire somebody to do my little odd jobs -LRB- little jobs that I really wanted to do I might add here -RRB- . Folks , this is a crumby , crummy , lousey , lousy product -LRB- no matter how you spell it -RRB- to start with and brings with it absolutely ZERO SUPPORT after the sale . Only buy it if you can afford and stand to throw your money away !
 Purchased the Troy-Bilt TB90BC in September 2005 . Used it for about an hour , and it seemed to work fine . Stored it for the fall , following recommended guidlines , and took it out last week again . At first , the string cutting attachment failed to spin . Thinking something had become unwound - I dissambled the attachement and rewound the string . Unit still did not work . Tried brushcutter attachment and found the problem was was with the spinning mechanism , it was not turning.While working on the product , the engine had just stopped and now refuses to start . I just added a fresh fuel/oil to it that day . Upon attempting to restart , the engine makes a clicking sound as if seized - I did not have the unit on for more than 5 minutes at a time.Went back and forth with the manufacturer in trying to obtain a refund . Discovered MTD Products has no interest in any form of customer service , and will not even provide you with a specfic person 's e-mail . They contact out their customer service to a firm , and never hear your complaints . Will now try to bring ti back to the retailer.The reason this review has one star is that this form requires you to put at least one . If you want to waste time and one hundred sixty dollars , this product is highly recommended .
 I bought this trimmer last year because of the good review for Troy-Bilt in general.It did started up very nicely . However , the second time I 've used it -LRB- the same day -RRB- , it idling slowly and died , with more than half a tank of brand new mixed fuel . Thought that it might just be a defective item . It happens . So I brought it back to Lowes and got a replacement.The second one worked very well . I 've used it with the cultivator attachment and it proved to be quite powerful.For the Fall , I 've followed the instruction for storage , let it runs dry ... Took it out for the second season , started up , and it worked for five minutes before it died in the same fashion as the first one.Thought I might have done something wrong . But in looking at the review , maybe this particular model is faulty .
 As I write this review I am running the gas tank dry prior to tossing this equipment into the trash . It worked ONCE , then the head stopped turning . There is a replacement gearbox assembly available on the company 's web site for $ 36 plus shipping , but I would prefer to invest that amount towards a new , quality product .
 See update below.I bought the TB90BC in January 2007 . At first , it ran fine . I had a few problems with it stalling when I turned the trimmer at odd angles , but I thought it had to do with the fuel supply . However , a few months later , it started to sputter and was hard to start and I had to feather the throttle to keep it running . Then it quit running in May . I followed the manual instructions on how to check the air filter and spark arrestor . No problem there . I took it to a factory service center . The tech told me that it was not worth the effort to fix because every internal part was destroyed . He also told me that he has seen this happen on several other Troy-Bilts . He told me to take it back to Lowe 's for replacement.I did n't have any trouble getting an exchange at Lowe 's even after 6 months though one lady was more than a bit rude . The `` Zone Manager '' gave the okay without any problem.The replacement has a different engine configuration . However , on start-up it has a clanking noise . I 'm crossing my fingers , hoping that it lasts more than a few months . *** Update *** I 've had the new trimmer for a few months . Apparently Troy-Bilt has redesigned the choke . There is a new engine starting procedure and a three setting choke . Following the procedure , the engine has started every time . It has run almost without fail . So , make sure that you 're getting the model with the three setting choke . Still one star because the handle is not ergonomic , the shoulder strap is useless and it vibrates . But at least I 'm able to use it . *** Further Update **** The trimmer died after about 20 months . Stopped working just like the previous one . I bought a Husqvarna 128CD . Much better , less vibration , easy to start and uses the same accessories . Should have bought it instead of wasting my time with the Troy-Bilt .
 I have had this product about three years . My first problem with it was a stripped gear assembly in the trimmer head . That was about $ 50 plus shipping.My most recent problem involved replacing a damaged primer bulb . About a dollars worth of soft plastic . I looked at the parts list and could not find it so I made $ 50 worth of bad guesses , assuming it would be part of a carburetor rebuild kit or the gas tank assembly . Of course it was n't . So I contacted the parts agent -LRB- Troy Bilt does not sell part for their products , instead outsources to another company -RRB- . This time I learned that the only way to get the primer bulb was to order the carburetor itself . A little over $ 50 . So be warned , this is not a reliable piece of equipment and it will be expensive to maintain , even if you do it yourself .
 I bought one from a local store . It ran for about 15 minutes before I heard a snapping noise come from the engine . It quickly dies and refused to start again.I returned it and got a replacement . The second one ran for 1/2 hour before failing the same way.I 'll be returning the second one and never buying a Troy-Bilt product again .
 I have had this trimmer for several years , and each year its the same story.It will start , but wont run . Off to the shop for $ 50 fix.I 've run her dry , left her full of gas . It doesnt matter.Between the ethanol in the gas which sucks water , and eats components , and this horrible trimmer , I am going with Stihl and NEVER EVER buy anything else.DONT WASTE your time and money buying this piece of junk
 I bought this unit last year and only used it a few times . Today I filled it with gas/oil and it started perfectly . While I was trimming some weeds I noticed the unit start to vibrate heavily , and then then engine fell off the back of the shaft . The engine still runs good , too bad it 's no longer attached to the rest of the trimmer .
 I purchased this trimmer 2 years ago . Was pleased for the 1st season . 2nd season the head stopped turning . Contacted two repair shops for evaluation , both indicated that the `` CLUTCH '' was the problem . About $ 70 to repair and indicated I would only get about 35 more hours out of the unit before I had to repeat this repair . They showed me the `` STACK '' of Troy Builts they had accumulated over the past two months from customers who purchased new equipment -LRB- other brands -RRB- and added their TB90BC Troy Built to the junk pile . I just did the same and bought a Husqvarna.Troy Built does not reflect the legendary quality we think of when we think of Troy , the great Mediterranean City . This unit is Troy Built , from Mexico . About as good as a peso !!! We got NAFTA'ed . Steer clear of this product .
 Our Blue Rooster Chiminea is 3 inches shorter , 4 inches narrower and 27 lbs lighter than advertised . Stack does not fit well , it is very poorly cast with flaws all over , grilling grate was so undersized , someone had to weld on blobs of extra metal to keep it from falling down the stack . I called the company and they assured me I had the right Chiminea and that , the 80 lbs quoted weight includes packaging . Guess what , even when you weigh the packaging it 's still 12 lbs short . The wedsite boasts about 3/4 inch thick aluminum , well , it 's almost that thick at the flanges , the rest of the Chiminea is about 3/16 '' . This is a $ 125 Chinese Chiminea , do n't buy it .
 After less than 1 month of use , the entire exterior of the chiminea is spotted , pitted , and streaked . It does not come off . i sent pictures off to Blue Rooster , who promptly replied that it was called OXIDATION , and could be easily fixed with a good scrub down and a couple of coats of high heat BBQ paint . I really do n't feel that I should have to go through this after less than a month . If what is needed to prevent this from happening is a couple of coats of high heat BBQ paint , then why was n't this applied at the factory ? I am waiting to see how this will be resolved.The company has refunded the purchase price in full . I do not know why the finish turned so bad so fast , however am pleased with the way the company handled it . I feel that I should add that , apart from the finish , there was nothing else wrong with the chiminea
 I used mine 5-6 times . It sits outside and it is now white . I do n't know what it is but it started with with dots and it spread .
 Very thin cushion . Not much of a seat cushion for $ 34 . One this flimsy could have been purchased locally for about $ 18 to $ 20 . Very disappointed in the cushion for the price . Hope it stands up to hot Oklahoma summers ! This cushion is less than 2 '' thick . Stains easily and wo n't clean . Velcro tabs are a joke . I would have been upset even if I had paid $ 5 . Do not buy . Run away from this product . Amazon should not sell something so poorly made . Worst purchase I have ever made from Amazon or anywhere else . I feel like I was taken .
 While this is a nifty gizmo , it is of little use if cooking for a family . It might be worth it if only cooking for two or three people . Most of what should be cooking surface is wasted by a tortilla warmer . I just found that this product was not worth the space it takes up , either stored or on the counter . Its design does allow for somewhat easy cleanup . I do think the person I passed it along to liked it better than I did . Of course she is only cooking for two .
 Our new fajita grill came with three of the four legs broken and the grill was unable to stay even without improper support . I called customer service and they told me that they did not have legs but that I might find them at a dollar store or small appliance center . The legs should have been of a durable rubber but were made of a brittle electrician type plastic . They are a specific shape that allows their plug into the above . We have looked and found nothing . So if you buy one , it does take up too much space and the plastic might melt but we need four legs that fit to use ours . This item is made in China so I might have to take a trip there to find the parts . The company should keep a good supply of free legs since this thing has a design flaw .
 This is a very flimsy greenhouse . I had no problem putting it together but is was easier with two people to put the cover on it . Our house is on pilings and the greenhouse is under the house , not out in the open . I anchored it with pipe clamps to a 2x6 fastened to the pilings and then put large concrete blocks on the bottom rails to keep them down . Also , I used large cable ties to secure the cover to the bottom rail . Since the connectors are just pushed together , time will tell if they can be blown loose . I can not see how the supplied stakes and tie downs would work outside in a windy area . I was downsizing from a studier greenhouse that I could not relace the cover . The price is right on this one but I 'm not sure how many years it will last .
 I knew when I bought it that it was only $ 88.00 so as the old saying goes `` you get what you pay for '' . It was easy to construct , the frame was ok . the covering is what was horrible . First when I opened the package you could see where one of the seams had not been sewed together.After using it for two weeks one side of the front zipper broke and would not secure the front flap any longer . Basically after using it for this growing season the covering will have to be thrown away , for the two weeks it worked I did get my seeds to sow and grow . Unfortunately for the next two weeks I 'll just have to figure away to keep the front flap closed until it 's warm enough to plant outside . I must say even though I did not pay a lot I 'm still disappointed that the covering failed the way it did .
 Putting thegreenhouse together was very easy.As , I attached the green covering . . it did n't line-upGo to `` Zipper it up '' and the entire Zipper came apart!Not worth the money !
 I bought this greenhouse for my elderly mother , and set it up on her south-facing deck . 2 of the cheap plastic joints broke just during setup , so we had to patch it together with duct tape , and before we could buy better quality replacement parts at our local HI store , stormy weather blew in , and broke yet ANOTHER joint which caused the entire cover to split across the top !!! Trying to repair the damage did no good , as the cover material seems to have broken down at an Alarming rate under our Texas sun as new rips & tears continued to appear until my mother had to finally take all of her plants out , and now just wants the junky thing OFF her deck !! Angry that I spent almost $ 100 for a PIECE of JUNK that only lasted 3 1/2 months & gave my mother nothing but GRIEF !! Do n't WASTE your MONEY !!
 We 've owned our greenhouse for just over a month . The zipper has already broken and can not be fixed , basically rendering the greenhouse useless . I see from other reviews here that this is a common problem . The sad part is that you only pay $ 75.00 for the product and then the manufacturer wants to charge you $ 80.00 to replace the cover only , what a scam . Make a wise decision and invest a little more money and get yourself a quality product . You 'll be satisfied in the long run .
 Was so excited to get this and was easy to put together . Do not live in a windy area but put it next to the house and tied it to the fence for protection . First breeze broke all the connectors and rendered it useless . Never even got to use it .
 When I received the gardman greenhouse , I was very excited . My husband assembled it with out an issue , however , when I was zipping the one side to close , the zipper broke so we used fishing line to enclose the one side . I should have sent it back but unfortunetly did not .
 All in all , the little greenhouse is ok ... but the sun will destroy it in about a year . I had mine outside for less than 15 months before I had to take it down and throw it away . The sun eats up the plastic pretty fast for an outdoor item ... If you only plan to use it for a short time , it 's fine .
 This is a cute little greenhouse but it wo n't stand up to even mild winds and the zippers are very poor quality . The tabs broke very quickly and then the zippers separate when zipped . This makes it pretty useless in cold and windy weather , when you need it most !
 Bought this for my mother as a Christmas gift . The material cracked in several places and had to be patched with duct tape . Finally a strong thunderstorm put it out of its misery .
 got 2 of these , 1 for my sister . both had very fragile plastic connectors which broke easily and had to be taped together . After 6 months , the plastic on both had completely dissolved into dust and the cover was shredded to pieces . Seemed like a good idea but did n't last . I have looked and havent found any warranty info so I guess I 'm out of luck
 First I was missing pieces so make you you count everything and from what I have read other people are missing pieces too . Set up is easy I did it myself in an hour or so . With in the first few days one of the zippers broke off on a weekend I was not home . The plastic tears very easy and i have several and have only owned it for a few weeks . It almost blew away during a storm and we had to buy more parts to secure it and I placed cinder block on the plastic inside because the little sticks they give you are n't worth a damn . It would be cheaper and better if you just made one from plastic and wood .
 Easy to put together , seemed to be well made , then one of the zippers started separating . I tried to get the zipper started again but the zipper fell apart in my hand . The day I put it together we had 26 degree weather so I had to sew the opening up as best I could since I had the greenhouse full of plants .
 I do not recommend this item . It is a waste of money . I got 2 and put them in 2 different , sheltered places . Wind blew both structures down several times in 1 winter in an area not known for strong winds . It stayed connected to the ground . The structure bent and broke , the connector parts split . It did n't even last through 1 winter . I got new connector parts from the compant and the same thing happeded again . The second year , the plastic shredded . I do not recommend this item .
 Very easy to install , nice size ... however it blew over with 25-35 mph winds.My husband and I had correctly installed all `` stakes '' included and used the guy ropes across the top . The first two times it blew over I had n't yet had plants in it . Before putting seedlings in the greenhouse , we wanted to further secure it , so I bought 10 tent stakes to install around the edges . We also made small holes in the plastic at the top of the frame to actually feed the guy ropes through the greenhouse to anchor down the frame , not just the plastic cover.Thought we 'd be safe and I moved the plants out . Sure enough , when I woke up , the whole thing was knocked down and all of my little vegetable plants and herbs that I started from seed were upside down , knocked out of containers , stems broken , etc. . So instead of an earlier crop , I 'll have almost no crop . Now the frame pieces are all twisted , bent and destroyed.Maybe if you 're facing the right direction to lean it up against a fence or the house it would hold up better , but I would n't trust it .
 The assembly was quick and relatively easy . That 's the only good thing about it.I had this greenhouse installed for just over a week , and then we had some 40-50mph winds . That kind of wind is not unusual in most places , and you will probably get something like that at least a few times a year.Well , the plastic joints broke , and now it is unusable . I guess I am going to build a wood frame for it.It would be cheaper to just build your own frame and buy some greenhouse plastic sheets and make your own greenhouse .
 Amazon is having manufacturing difficulties with this item . I placed my order for the 10-pack and received only 1 bolt . I contacted their customer service dept by phone , who had another pack sent to me next day air . However , the replacement only had 1 bolt as well . After another customer service call , they told me I will have to send back both bolts to get a refund while they straighten this out with the manufacturer . I am going to order some bolts from else where . One thing I can say for Amazon is that their customer service department was fast and helpful . Luckily I am not waiting on these with a down snowblower!Edited on 12/28
 Do your research before ordering . In the past this was a 10-pack of nuts and bolts as you can see for older reviews . Under the technical details it has now changed to a 2-pack . I made the mistake of ordering a quantity of 2 thinking I would get 20 for a good price . When it arrived I received a total of 2 nuts and 2 bolts at a cost of $ 17.09 including shipping . You can get a 3-pack at Home Depot for $ 14.99 . Talked with customer service and they were willing to send me 2 additional nuts and bolts but nothing else . Instead I had them returned and received a full refund including shipping . At the same time I had my snowblower worked on and my local shop sold me these for $ 1.50 a piece . With shipping Amazon can not beat my local shops price .
 The item description promises small bolts , but I 've got large ones - useless for my snow thrower model . I am sending them back .
 The Ariens pins are plated with yellow Zinc , these pins do not seem to be plated .
 This is ONE BOLT per package . ONE BOLT and ONE NUT . You can find a much better price at nearly any hardware store -LRB- typically $ 2.60 -RRB- . DO NOT BE FOOLED INTO THINKING THIS IS A 10-pack .
 This starter does as advertised , gets the charcoal going with basic newspaper . I have found that it sometimes takes more then one try to get coals started , especially on damp/humid days . My biggest concern is the handle !! The metal straps that are bent into the wooden handle have actually come out while picking this unit up to pour the coals into the grill . In my opinion this is not a very safe starter and a good way to get your legs burnt or worse , have your clothes start on fire . . It is what it is ... a cheap piece of junk ! I will be getting a Weber Charcoal Starter , for safety and durability !
 I used this religiously over the summer in Tacoma , WA . Granted I 'm a novice at gardening , I still do n't get the point of this product . I thought it was a waste of my money .
 Difficult to adjust , holes leak whenOn a setting where holes should not beFunctioning , like shower setting , therefore lowering spray pressure .
 I ordered 2 of these . One works fantastic . The other one leaks terribly . I would not recommend this because you do n't know what you are going to get .
 I thought this would be a great nozzle because I really like the soft water stream setting . After just a few months the internal seal began leaking so that water comes out of all the nozzle settings instead of just the one you actually want . This renders the product almost useless . I spent a little more money and got a Ray Padula product .
 This is definately a waste of your money . As in another review this nozzle leaks and restricts pressure and generally is not what it claims to be.No wonder there is only a 30 day guarentee .
 One of the nicest nozzle ever owned until it broke . The nozzle spins around and prevents the hose from kinking - wonderful ! However , it is made of plastic and the connection below the trigger broke . It 's still kinda useable but if you do n't watch out , you will get wet . For the cost , should last much longer . Would recommend but be very gentle with it .
 Deceptive ! The plant was not shipped in a pot . It is a plastic container . Needed to transplant to as soon as possible . Recommend to change the description from pot to plastic containers .
 Horrible that this item is billed as a ` high wind ' flag . First weekend up , seams were ripped , end of the stripes are now fraying . Nice looking flag , but do n't look to this one for durability .
 One year-ago , I purchased a polyester , high-wind flag from sevenbrothersmercantile thru Amazon . Recently , I noticed the flag was coming apart at the seams in the striped section . As this flag is advertised as `` high-wind '' , I expected it to be more durable than average . When I e-mailed 7-bros -LRB- via Amazon -RRB- 3 wks . ago about this , I explained that I lived in a not-so-windy area of Florida -LRB- i.e. , not on the coast -RRB- and the flag was hung in partial shade under several large trees . I asked about their policy for resolving a defective product inquiry . To date , I have n't received a reply.Maybe I 'm too gullible expecting 7-bros to live up to their advertising hype -- nevertheless , I really expected this product to last at least 2-3 years before coming apart . I rated this flag a one-star product since it only lasted one year .
 Purchased flag at the end of February , less than 3 months old ; and seams have pulled & fabric is shredding . No return policy .
 These Colors are not for use in high wind areas like Cheyenne , WY . The flag is essentially shredded to the degree it no longer meets the standards for display , in approximately 30 days . It was replaced this morning . I display the Colors 24/7 w/illumination ; the brutal Cheyenne winter winds were not kind . In a calmer climate this may well be a worthwhile choice .
 I order this polyester flag and received a nylon flag . The vender , WinningGifts , as listed above , told me they do n't sell a polyester flag and I got what I ordered ! I hope others did not unknowingly receive the nylon flag when the paid for a quality polyester flag .
 I bought this based on the reviews it got . I need a flag that can stand up to wind since it is almost always windy here . I was impressed when I first received it because the quality seemed great . But after only 5 months of use , the flag has started to come completely unsewn at the bottom and corners . It IS a beautiful flag , but my other flag lasted for 5 years and this one lasted only five months . Now I 'm in the market for another flag !
 This flag was purchased to fly where it gets quite windy in the afternoons . It looked great and seemed very sturdy in the beginning , but it did not last any longer than the flag it replaced -LRB- about a year -RRB- which had printed stars and stripes . It ripped along the stripes . Will buy cheaper flags from now on .
 The first watering can they sent leaked . I contacted them and they sent a second one , which also leaked . They have decided to stop carrying this product and sent me a refund . I would still like to locate this product ... but without a leak .
 Would n't charge several of my electronic devices . The ones it did charge it did so very slowly . Do n't waste your money . Keep looking elsewhere .
 Unfortunately I have had no success with this solar charger . I acknowledge that I have only tried to charge two cell phones , one via the USB port and the other through the built-in adapter . However , neither one charged to any noticeable degree . While Indiana winters do not supply a surplus of sunshine , I attached the charger to a south-exposed window with suction cups and failed to get results on nearly 100 % sunny days . In fact , once the phone ran out of juice on me and in every case the battery indicator stayed the same or dropped . Of course , the phone was on and thus using some battery charge , but to only maintain the charge , at best , is unacceptable . I have a coil/shake flashlight and a crank flashlight , so I desire to utilize renewable energy , but it has to work and I ca n't recommend the product when it ca n't charge a cell phone with its relatively low consumption/demand .
 It 's a great concept . Unfortunately , it did n't work that well for me . Even in the bright sunlight here in Colorado , I could only charge 2 NMH batteries at the same time . And it wo n't work through a window . Not very good for $ 110 . Tech support ? They have one guy , and you have to call the main switchboard - they do n't have a tech support number . Good luck reaching him . I left him a message 3 days ago and never heard back . As far as I 'm concerned , their tech support is non-existent . I returned mine .
 I am very disappointed in the Brunton Solarport 4.4 . I wanted to charge my iPhone but was unable to charge it ; even in full sunlight with the phone turned off . It did charge my Garmin Forerunner -LRB- a smaller device . -RRB- Not much bang for the buck ; I would n't recommend it . No response from product support guy ; wo n't return calls .
 Having purchased a LaCrosse WS-1611-IT assuming positive evaluations were accurate , I was let down with La Crosse product value . Within the first year the wind paddle fell off of the mounting . La Crosse replaced this . Later the wind speed , direction and chill factor failed to register . Contact by internet and telephone have resulted in no return communication as noted in their listed phone number answering message . Three months have passed and still no e-mail or return calls from product support as their call center phone states . DO NOT PURCHASE IS MY RECOMMENDATION
 After 6 months No Temp Readings ... yes the wind paddles are so weak a mosquito could probably break it . . the temp sensor and the wind gauge are connected by a telephone wire but you can not take it off the wind gauge so you can mount this highly delicate piece of ??? It does took like a nice thing to buy ... but since lacrosse takes about 1-2 months to answer an email and you can not get anything replaced or even a -LRB- yes the wind gauge should have been built in a manner that would make it easier to mount and not break as mine did when it got hit by the wind or some tiny piece of debris ... then the thermostat does not work after 4 months ... I will be more than willing to sell mine for 50 dollars to someone who wants to see what the 70 dollar product will look like and how it will operate after a few weeks and months !
 I bought this unit from Weather Shack in January . everything worked good after set up . about 2 weeks later the total rainfall amount showed 70 '' total rain and the 24 hour rain showed 1.2 '' , this was the first rain , and obviously the reading is wrong . I waited weeks for a response from La Crosse . Then , after going through all the suggested battery replacements and restarts , they asked me to send it back for repair -LRB- AT MY EXPENSE -RRB- . They returned the unit in far worse condition . Now nothing except the indoor temp works . Again , battery replacements , and restart , still does n't work . They Want me to send it back again -LRB- AT MY EXPENSE -RRB- . I guess they think I should pay for their mistakes ! Not going to happen . Weather shack said they would take it back for store credit , if I shipped it back to them in the original packaging , and of course at my EXPENSE ! Why would I have the original packaging 6 months later . I guess it will be going in the trash can instead . Stick with Amazon . The prices are cheaper . Do n't even consider La Crosse . . The product is wothless , and their service department is even worse . What a waste of money.I will be buying the next weather station from Davis . Made in the USA -LRB- not CHINA = Junk -RRB-
 The transmitter on this weather station fails in about 8 months or as long as your batteries last . Once the batteries go dead the base station will never pick up the signal again . La Crosse replaced the first transmitter . The second transmitter also died in about 8 months . La Crosse says the problem is caused by bad batteries . Well , duh ! Batteries do go bad after a period of time . Should n't the weather station be built so it can withstand battery replacement ? I love the info when the thing works but I wo n't bother with this model again .
 We have used this product about 6 months . When we changed the batteries the unit would not reset . We have called and emailed the company repeatedly and have received no acknowledgement except the canned email you get . We have tried to call several times in the last 2 weeks , where you can only leave a message . The call has not been returned.Amazon can not help us . The warranty is through LaCrosse.I definitely would not tell any one about this product due to the lack of customer service.Melody
 I must share with you my irritation with the PROFESSIONAL WEATHER CENTER WS-1510-IT Weather Channel unit . Had I purchased the unit myself it would now be on some retailer 's return shelf . But , it was a Christmas present and I feel obligated to get the thing working . I have invested two or three hours trying to mount , set-up and understand the unit . So far I can read barometric pressure and that is it . Some dissatisfaction details : Instructions printed way too small ; 1-2 mm!Mounting precautions -LSB- wood vs metal vs plastic ; protect from sunlight and rain buried in the back of the instruction booksButton descriptors on the main unit hinder set up.Your directions restarting a non working unit appear to be taken from a Three Stooges script . `` Remove batteries from the Thermo-hygro -LRB- outdoor -RRB- sensor , Rain sensor and the Base station . With the batteries out of the Base station , press any button 20 times . Let everything sit withoutbatteries for 10 minutes . Verify that the Base station is completelyblank before proceeding .2 . Then disconnect and reconnect the Wind sensor cable -LRB- be sure itclicks into place -RRB- . Reinsert the batteries into the Thermo-hygrosensor and the Rain sensor . Be sure to use a new , quality alkalinebattery -LRB- heavy duty and rechargeable types should be avoided -RRB- 3 . Reinstall batteries in the Base station and do not press any otherbuttons for AT LEAST 10 minutes while the station completes itsstartup sequence . `` I have a couple of hours into this thing . As soon as it warms up a little I 'll attack it again . So far unit is nowhere worth the money or my effort .
 We chose this one because it was one of the few ones that gave wind and wind chill . HOWEVER , it has alarms that go off night and day , and we have n't figured out what to do . We have now had it for several weeks . My husband says just to be patient and he will have it working right and it will be the best thing we 've ever bought . He needs to contact the Help people , but has n't and probably will not . I still like the options it offers , but it 's driving me crazy . Wish they would come pre-programmed so you do n't have to go through this . I 'll change the rating if it ever gets going right , but for now it is merely an irritation .
 Everything but the rain gauge worked right out of the box . The receiver gets a signal from the rain gauge , but reads it as 0.00 . After a couple days , the wind/temp/humidity started losing its signal . It would reset itself in a few minutes , but it 's annoying . Sometimes I would get wind and no temp , or temp and no wind , or nothing . It seems to be functioning maybe 80 or 85 % of the time.What I really wanted was the rain gauge -- and now I 've missed most of the monsoon.Customer service was helpful . After asking me all of the ` duhh ' questions , she gave me an RMA and I sent it back today -LRB- at my expense , of course -RRB- . If the problem is corrected , I 'll bump my rating up to a 3 star -LRB- it should all work on arrival and if it does n't , the seller should pay for shipping -RRB- . I have a LaCrosse atomic clock with a wireless outdoor temp gauge , and I love it.Added
 I am so disappointed ! I recently purchased and installed a model WS-1611 weather station . Since I had about 10 feet too much cable , I made the mistake of cutting the cable and installing phone connectors . Of course , the station did n't work . ON PAGE 52 of the instruction book I found the warning not to cut the cable . It would have been nice to have the warning at the beginning of the installation instructions , but I accept this was my mistake . I spliced the original cable parts together and the station still did n't work . I ordered and installed a new thermo-hydro sensor , since the instruction book ON PAGE 52 stated that the sensor might be damaged . The weather station still does n't work , and everything has been restored to factory specs . I am angry that I spent well over a hundred dollars and countless hours trying to get the station to work . I believed that La Crosse made quality instruments . I guess I was wrong
 Three months after installation the Thermo-Hygro Sensor failed to transmit to the Weather center making the unit useless . The manufacturer has poor customer service and we are still trying to resolve the problem . I would not recommend this unit .
 I really do n't have words low enough to describe this product . Vulgarity would be a compliment.I bought this product for about 80 some dollars . The wind censor cup broke almost immediately out of the box.Save your money do n't buy this piece of junk.Boycott companies who push cheap over priced products like this made in china on us .
 what good is an anemometer that shreds in the first high wind . It was mounted find but the cups were ripped right off .
 Santa purchased this station less than a year ago . It is now unable to send data from the outside monitor to the inside . Not just incorrect , there is no data showing on the inside large monitor . I changed all batteries ASAP . No difference . The outside monitor still shows the data on it 's small screen . There is no way to fix it unless you have the tool bench that is set up for the tests . I am extremely disappointed . Earlier , when I first received for Christmas from my wife , the two pieces , outside and inside , when sitting next to each other did not show the same values for temperature or humidity . This thing is a poorly made , well marketed piece of junk.Bummer . I have had weather stations for 15 years . This is the worst one .
 I bought this unit a few years ago . Within the first week the wind speed sensor quit sending . I guess I was one of the lucky ones that actually got to speak to support . They assured me that I did not have to return the product and I would be up and running in no time . First I was told I had to send it all back to them on my dime . It was to take about 3 weeks for them to evaluate it . Long story short , I was strung along with promises until it was too late to get my money back , and it never has worked for more than a couple of weeks.Now the wife bought me a new WS-2813U-IT for Christmas . Some things never change !!! Right out of the box , the wind sensors have not worked correctly . Sometimes on , but most times off . Also the PC connection will NOT remain synced for more than about an hour . I have been able to talk to support a couple of times and was told I was the very first person to have an issue with this model . One thing I do n't like about some people is lack of honesty . Since then , I have read numerous bad reviews with the very same issues I had talked to them about.I will NOT let them string me along until it 's too late with this one . It 's going back A.S.A.P.
 After less than 2yrs the top 2/3 of the LCD display screen numbers are broken -LRB- I see either top or bottom of the number readouts -RRB- . The barimetric numbers and below are n't broken ... yet . I 'm replacing the 2 AA batteries in the exterior remote every 2 weeks -LRB- 52 Batts/yr@$2ea=$104/yr ... costs more than the unit -RRB- . I would n't get this again .
 Stay away from this product , it is prone to failure and there is ABSOLUTELY NO CUSTOMER SUPPORT . You will be wasting your money if you purchase this product as it WILL FAIL and you will have no recourse as to honoring any warranty .
 Bought this item at retailer . Poor design , but LaCrosse did give prompt customer service . The first time the wind hit 60 MPH the cups came off the wind sensor -LRB- which is not fast in Oklahoma -RRB- . They were lost . I received new cups with instructions within 5 days . The next time the wind hit 60 MPH there went the cups again . Never did find them either time . This time I had to ship the entire wind sensor back to LaCrosse . That meant another trip to the roof . 10 days later an entire wind sensor unit arrived . Worked fine for another week . Then the radio link between the rain sensor and the display failed and will not reset using the user manual procedure . After all this trouble I have come to the conclusion that I 'm glad I purchased from a Local Retailer -LRB- Wally World -RRB- as it is going back . Do n't even think of buying this product because of the failures and it definitely is not user friendly . Must have been designed by a Blind Chinese .
 This unit will no longer sync , once the batteries died , followed the directions to sync the unit within the number of seconds . Even with a helper will not sync up unfortunately out of warranty -LRB- lasted a year -RRB- Not impressed and would not reccomend purchasing . Customer service is non exisitent
 I received the La Crosse WS weather station as a birthday present from my wife and son , and thoroughly enjoyed it for several months , until the receiver got knocked off the kitchen counter . Despite no visible sign of damage , it then stopped receiving the signal from the sensor station . I called La Crosse , and the first person I talked to was sympathetic , and agreed that such a mishap should n't have caused failure . La Crosse sent me instructions for `` rebooting . '' but nothing worked . I called La Crosse again , but this time talked to a less sympathetic person , who classified the failure of my unit as `` abuse '' and was therefore not covered under warranty . So be aware that the receiver is not very durable -LRB- our cordless phones hit the floor all the time and keep working -RRB- , and that the company is not very interested in keeping satisfied customers . For now , I will satisfy my weather-watching need by aquiring a different brand that will stand behind the `` Professional '' label .
 If want a product that when installed properly will work for more than a year , shop elsewhere . Service from LaCrosse is by email only , they do not answer a phone nor will they return a phone call , and after you provide them all of the details of your issues with the product , they run you through the exact same set of questions you already answered . We are on our THIRD weather vane assembly . Works almost great until the first snow/freeze , then just either gums up so the vane will not spin , or stops communicating completely to the base station . I try to be reasonable and rarely write bad reviews about stuff , but I would encourage a deeper look at other manufacturers if you want to rely on the results from a weather station .
 I just purchased a top of the line weather station from LaCrosse -LRB- Model 1611 -RRB- . The literature suggests a `` dry run '' before installation to be sure all components work which I did . I discovered that the rain gauge did n't operate and followed their instructions to make sure everything moved as it should . I still did n't get any rainfall reading . Two calls to LaCrosse customer service have gone unanswered . Do n't make the same mistake I did-BELIEVE the reviews!La Crosse Technology Professional Weather Center
 I 've had this weather station for just over 2 years . It 's worked great until now . The wind speed , chill and direction have all failed . I have tried the reset procedure twice ... no luck . I wo n't buy this one again .
 I do not recommend this weather station.The multiple times I had to contact customer support regarding the unit not working the reply was always to replace the batteries with brand name batteries that have an expiration date longer than 7 years . Finding batteries with that long of an expiration date is next to impossible . After the 4th time of finding and replacing the specified batteries I finally gave up and bought another brand .
 The unit is poorly constructed , and in the process of testing the installation , several of the very small plastic `` clips '' broke , requiring duct tape to hold the parts together . The plastic is not suitable for mounting in the sun -LRB- especially in very sunny areas -RRB- and the UV rays deteriorate it rapidly . The rain `` gauge '' is a rocker switch with a mercury tube , and is at best totally inaccurate . This would have been a bargain at around $ 15 , but at almost $ 100 is a total waste of time and money .
 My wife bought me the WS-1611 last year . I like the information that the unit provides , but I have to say that the instructional steps are positively unmanageable . First , the Operation Manual is small -LRB- 3-1/2 x4-1 / 4 inches . The booklet has 56 pages of settings , readings , adjustments and warranties . And that 's just the English version ! With the French and Spanish versions included in the same little booklet , it is very difficult to read and , at the same time , make adjustments to the unit . The steps change from `` holding the SET key for 2 seconds '' to `` press the SET key to switch on or off the alarm . '' It seems that the designers wanted to include as many features as possible , but did not think things through enough -- what I consider `` duct tape thinking . ''
 The unit worked fine for about a year then the wind direction , speed and chill failed to register . rebooted several times , changed batteries , no effect . Avoid this product if you want something that lasts a while ...
 It installed just fine , worked for awhile then quit registering wind speed . The display is too busy , the clock is not atomic , and the wind paddle fell off and took flight . I would not recommend this product nor buy it again .
 I gave this thing two stars only because `` hate it '' is a little strong for anything except licorice and okra . Here are the issues we have with this bird bath :1 . When we first hung this up , it tilted badly . Comparison of the three hanging chains revealed that one of them was 1 1/2 links too long . Yes , 1 1/2 -LRB- figure that out -RRB- . We repaired it , but it 's a kludge . For $ 55 I expect a bird bath to at least hang level out of the box .2 . With all the nooks and crannies , it 's extremely difficult to clean . Even with a good brush .3 . About a month in , the nice verdigris FINISH started flaking off . Big flakes . Now there are bright aluminum patches all over the bottom . And we do n't use wire brushes or harsh cleaners on our bird baths .4 . It 's a bad design for songbirds . They drink from it -LRB- nervously -RRB- , but it 's too deep to bathe in . Also , the wide rolled edge is very awkward for perching birds.This bird bath is SO not worth the money . Go for theAvant Garden 8150-3 Cobblestone Hanging Birdbathresin bath . We 've had one for 5 years now , and the birds absolutely adore it . The finish flakes off that too after a while , but it took more than two years and does n't look nearly as bad . Much easier to clean and tons cheaper , too . I 'll probably trash this one and buy another Cobblestone bath .
 I can operate it , but the lady I bought it for can not . Too much pressure needed to slide the switch and ignite it . That 's probably the `` child resistant '' feature -LRB- there is no extra button or switch that must be pushed to use it -RRB- . Also it ships without fuel .
 The price of shipping was more than the lighter making for a product that looked good but turned out not to be worth the price.It 's very hard to push the slider to cause the ignition . A child-protection device ? I suppose but as an adult , I was not amused . It takes several tries to get it to ignite as well . At least my fingers get some excercise so all is not lost . Go for a cheaper item at your local $ .99 store .
 I purchased the lighter for my office and it was horrible . I am not by any means weak but I could n't slide the switch to ignite the flame . I had to brace it and use both thumbs . Then it would n't even spark so I sent it straight back . Worthless ...
 This is one of the poorest quality products I HAVE EVER PURCHASED . aMAZON SHOULD DO A MODICUM OF QUALITY CHECKING BEFORE LETTING IT BE SOLD . Of course Amazon does n't care about that , it wants the commission it earns on the sale.To summarize the problem
 When this lighter came the first time I filled it with fuel and it never once worked . I had to return it for a new one and even the new one work roughly 60 % of the time . It 's clearly made of cheap plastic and components . Not what I was expecting at all .
 I have had problems with this from the start . I 'll admit that a couple of the issues were probably my fault . I did n't realize that it came empty and needed to be refilled right away and I have had problems keeping it working . Could be that I am refilling it wrong ?? Ca n't say . I can say that the design is awkward and the button you push up to get a flame is hard to move . Actually hurts to use ! At this point , I 'm happier with a disposable . So much for trying to live `` Green '' .
 Tried it today July 2008 and after reading the comments -LRB- which I did n't when I purchased it -RRB- I agree with most of the posters . The price was good , looked nice , can extend the snout .5 to 2.75 '' , runs on butane -LRB- like most cig lighters -RRB- . This is great for reaching into a fireplace , BBQ or down into a glass to light a candle , kinda a replacement for the LONG Fireplace matches . However , there is NO FUEL in the lighter so you got ta purchase a can of butane with an adapter made for lighters -LRB- not the Butane for camp stoves -RRB- . This web page needs to say `` this lighter will require filling with Butane and thumb muscles before you can use it '' . The slide switch is way to hard to slide . I can do it but a smaller person or elderly will have trouble . Now that I have filled it I will say it lights every time . Cons
 MAVERICK MULTI PURPOSE LIGHTER
 These items are of poor construction and broke after a few weeks of moderate use .
 Bought a 3 pack at Costco a while back . Thought it was a good deal with the ability to refill and the adjustable neck . Turns out to be junk . Worked maybe 2 refills and stops lighting . Very flimsy construction . Do n't waste your money .
 I ORDERED THIS LIGHTER , ABOUT YEAR AGO . DID NOT HAVE FUEL . THEN I DECIDED TO GET SOME , GUESS WHAT THE DARN THING DID NOT LIGHT , NO SPARK . SAFTY TRIGGER WOULD TAKE SUPER MAN TO PUSH TRIGGER . MY ONLY REGREAT WAS THAT I DID NOT TRY IT WHEN WAS SHIPPED TO ME . KNOWING AMAZON AS I KNOW THEM WOULD HAVE REFUNDED MY MONEY . OH WELL WIN SOME LOSE SOME .
 Well , I ca n't say how this item works because it is shipped without butane ! Be sure to order butane with your purchase !!
 This would be a good product if the SLIDE WAS NOT SO HARD TO PUSH . A couple of pushes and your thumb skin starts to hurt under your thumb-nail .
 I really like the design of this lighter . The extendable head gives sufficient reach for BBQs , candles , and everything in-between . The problem is that it 's cheap Chinese-made junk . After about 12 uses the protective tip fell off . It still worked , but I suspect that 's a safety hazard . Did n't matter though , 4 uses later the striker gave out so it wo n't light any more . If it were a $ 2 disposable I suppose it 'd be fine , but I prefer refillable lighters that actually last long enough to be refilled ... sigh . Wo n't be purchasing this again .
 Compre 2 de estos y ambos salieron muy malos son muy duros en el boton de encendido , por eso no lo recomiendo , VERY BAD !!!!! MUY MALOS !!!
 I was very disappointed when I recieved my Maverick lighter.Yes it looks good but it said on the ad that you `` Simply slide switch forward to ignite `` Well when I tried to Simply slide switch forward to ignite , it was very hard to slide ... also the flame does not turn up very high ??? I think it was desgined for someone who has very strong fingers ...
 No good . Worked great for 3 days ... now dead . Stick with a name brand lighter like Bic and you 'll be happier .
 This lighter does not work . It is poorly constructed and is a waste . Do not waste your money . -LRB- one star only because I ca n't give zero or negative stars . -RRB-
 I purchased this fire starter because I got tired of the inexpensive $ ones . Thinking this involved butane fluid and the cost that it would work with every click . No such luck . The thing barely works and very frustrating . I 'm retuning it .
 I bought this for my elderly mother - for her candles . She complained that she could n't turn it on - the switch is impossible to move . So I took it home and tried it and sure enough - you CAN NOT turn this on - unlessyou re a weight lifter maybe . My husband wa n't able to move it either . A total waste of money ! Do n't buy this !!
 Got this awhile ago and should 've returned it . I remember it not working very well when I first opened the package . The switch is difficult to slide and the flame size adjuster is also hard to turn and when you do , it does n't seem to have an effect on the flame size . Just recently it stopped working altogether . I think it has lighter fluid in it , but it 's hard to tell since there 's no indicator . I 've attempted to fill it , the same way I fill my other , far better working , brand name lighter , but it still is n't working now . Spend a couple bucks more for the original brand , or a lot less for the cheap ones that are n't as nice looking .
 I agree with the others that had problems with this , I bought it as a gift . I was disappointed that it stopped working so quickly and even when it did the light it put out was minimal . I did not attempt to send it back so I can not comment on replacement ... but did not work for me .
 Nice unit but first one failed after one month light just quit working Exchanged for 2nd unit that has worked one season so far without issues time will tell
 I purchased this for husband and can not tolerate rain at all . Stopped working within week .
 very dim ! Light bulbs went out after a few weeks . I could n't figure out how/if i can change the 2 little bulbs .
 Save your money!The first one ordered , lasted a couple of weeks . Amazon replaced it NO questions asked . The second one lasted a bit longer , but not having saved the original packing , ended up throwing it on the shelf for future garbage trip.Great idea , but , save yourself the grief , and the money.T.M.WilliamsIowa
 While it was in working order it gave a good light for grilling , but it stopped working about the third or fourth time it was used .
 I researched extensively before buying this product - and have to admit that this is one of the few times I 've been `` underwhelmed '' by my final selection . Having four lightbulbs sounded like I 'd practically have floodlights to see my food . Not so - I can see the food on the grill , but had to take the steaks off and go into the house to see whether they were done . Maybe it 's because the grill is located where it does n't get ANY illumination after dark -LRB- no light spilling out of windows , street lights , or whatever -RRB- , but the lighting from this product was definitely not what I was expecting.I 'll continue to use it , as it 's better than nothing , but I would n't recommend it . *** Update *** I have to modify my review above - if they had no stars , I 'd select that . As it is , I ca n't change it from the 2 stars I initially gave it . After being disappointed in the quality of the lighting , this product lasted two more weeks and then died ! What a waste ! And of course it 's more than 30 days from purchase , so that was $ 40 down the drain . Do n't buy this one ! I 'll stick to my flashlight from now on .
 I LOVE the idea of the light with flexible neck but was disappointed when I could n't get the clamp to fit anywhere on the grill . I measured before I purchased it and it should have worked but it did n't . If the clamp would have opened up another 1/8 of an inch it would have fit . Because it was a early Father 's Day gift to my husband , he made the best of it and attached it to a chair that we slid up next to the grill instead of sending it back . He did n't want to hurt the kids feelings . A word to the wise ... great gift idea ... but , make sure your grill tray is less then an inch thick ... 3/4 '' much better ... ours was 1 '' exactly .
 I have now purchased 2 of these and both worked when I first turned them on and the next time I tried them they did not work . I am now sending the 2nd one back
 Do not buy this product ! This pumpkin head stake runs on batteries installed in the back of the head . However , the phillips screws holding the battery enclosure are extremely small and I could not get the battery enclosure open , even with the tiniest of phillips screwdrivers ! I even tried a tiny pair of manicure scissors , to no avail . They do not make a phillips screwdriver small enough to get the battery enclosure open , so the stake is useless , unless you want to use it without the glowing eyes ...
 After four months the light has failed . Do not know why , since it was purportedly designed to work out of doors , but was forewarned by another reviewer that it can fail prematurely . That is now two of us . I intend to return/obtain refund . Two failures is too much . Mine does not get any rain whatsoever , so that is not the problem . Would not buy until their QC problems get solved , and how will you know ?
 The light is not bright enough and when I charged it hoping the light will get brighter , it never turned back on . Then I noticed it is made in China . No wonder ! I have replaced it with normal energizer batteries but the light is n't as bright as I want it to be . I should n't have to replace the batteries if it is solar operated . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Using a camper LED headlight would work better than this ! This does n't even deserve a one star , but it is asking me to rate it . I give it a zero star in actuality .
 I had great interest in this solar powered grill light , but its performance is so poor that it appears to be a total sham . The 're - chargeable ' batteries that came with it would not charge in either of the 2 battery chargers I have -LRB- that charge all my other AA rechargeable batteries . However , even with good , fully charged AA batteries and 12 days in the bright San Diego sunshine , the light lasted less than 4 minutes and would not re-light , It is no bargain for sure and I am returning it as soon as the postal holiday ends .
 I purchased 2 of these GL-04 's . The cover for the battery compartment is poorly designed . On both units I bought , I literally had to use a screw driver to pry open the battery compartment . I can assure this was done as a very last resort . As a result , it now does n't shut tightly . The battery cover is not at all weather resistant -LRB- even before I tried to open it -RRB- and the list of features listed on the box , make no weather resistant claims . Such claims are only made online `` Use rain or shine , outdoor and salt-spray tested '' . In fact the instructions actually state `` store the lamp indoors when not in use and DO NOT IMMERSE IN WATER '' . Wan na hear some more false advertisement ? The instructions state `` The lamps charge lasts up to 1.75 hrs . after a days exposure to full sun '' . The online advertisement states `` it can shine up to 4 hours continuously after full sunlight charging '' .
 Alas , despite my efforts to go green , no Solar powered light has delivered satisfactory results , including this item . Seems the solar just ca n't produce enough power . I live in Scottsdale Arizona with an average of 360 days of sunshine - if it ca n't work here , I do n't think it 'll work anywhere . This BBQ light would come on for mere seconds , then turn off . Certainly not enought time to bbq our steaks :-LRB- I 've returned it and kept the battery operated bbq light also found on Amazon .
 I thought this was a perfect gift for my earth conscious husband . I purchased this 4 months ago . When we received we mounted it the grill , which was a little challenging but we finally found a spot for it . We turned it on and were excited to see it light up . A week later we tried turning the light on after it had been outside charging and it would not turn on . We have tried it several times since and it still does n't work . We have now procrastinated past the point of return so now it 's just trash . : -LRB-
 Got it as a gift and really had to play with it to get it to work . Finally got some fairly good readings . Put it away , and the next time the batteries were dead . So much for the auto shut off feature . Put new batteries in it and really had to play with it to get it to work . Never got a consistent reading . This time I took the batteries out afterward . What a hassle . Did n't matter , next time I could n't get it to work at all . Gave it one star because the site would not let me give it none .
 This is an absolutely useless device . It is completely inaccurate . Actually , I think I 've never , ever seen a digital device that is so blatantly inaccurate , and I own dozens of gadgets of all sorts . I tested it several times , comparing temperature measurements to a Pyrex cooking thermometer we 've had for over 6 years -LRB- and which I know is very accurate because of the results I 've seen for so long -RRB- , and the RediFork is always , absolutely a-l-w-a-y-s off mark . Actually , if you use it to take measurements a few times , one after the other , you never get the same temperature ! I am not sure if Maverick simply does not have quality control and I got a broken one , but I am sure that I will avoid this brand from now on . In fact , I just bought a cooking thermometer today with my father , who fell in love with our Pyrex thermometer , and we had to go to a couple of stores because the first stores that we visited happened to only have Maverick thermometers . I am not even returning this useless device ... it is going directly to the garbage can , where it belongs .
 Unit never functioned . Checked the batteries and they were good . Even in water at 170 . F it showed the below range indication . Read the instructions again , removed the forks and reinstalled them , nothing works . David
 Kohler in their infinite wisdom has changed contractors in the construction of their oil filter . The black filter shown in the photograph may not be what is sold this year . They are selling a yellow painted filter using a Champion Laboratories `` Eco '' design . A quality oil filter has a metal interior with holes to allow the oil to flow through it . This metal cyclinder supports the paper filter element . The `` eco '' design uses a plastic grid with large openings . This does not fully support the filter and allows pieces of the filer element to pass into the engine . This naturally causes blockages which leads to engine failure . If you want a quality oil filter for your Kohler engine , use a Purolator L10241 -LRB- or PL10241 -RRB- or the Wix 51348 as substitutes for this filter . The Champion Laboratores `` Eco '' design is probably worse than a Fram oil filter . I would give the currently sold `` eco '' filter a zero stars if that was possible .
 I sprayed this on areas I did not want the cats to go . They sniffed it , and continued on their merry way . Not sure what happened .
 This company makes it hard to return items and charges you a 20 % restocking fee . Will not use this company again for future purchases
 When I ordered this item , it was `` in stock '' and delivery was expected in `` 3 to 5 days '' . 4 weeks later it still has n't shipped . The snow will melt off my roof before I get to use this item . Order something else from a company that will ship it to you .
 I purchased this product 1 year ago for fall cleaning , and the item worked perfectly the first time I used it . When I tried to use it for only the second time ever this year , it would n't even attempt to operate . I then contacted manufacturer -LRB- rather than Amazon -RRB- as the owner 's manual indicated I should , but the manufacturer would not even talk to me and gave the lame excuse that I had purchased the item through Amazon . This company absolutely refused to even try to help me troubleshoot the problem on the online chat site they provided . For the record , I was not asking for a replacement or a refund , only for a representative to help me troubleshoot the problem I was having with their product.I do not do business with companies that exhibit such blatant disregard for customer service after the sale , and therefore can not recommend this product .
 Do n't buy this power washer . I used mine for about three hours the first time and it seemed to work fine . The next day it quite after 15 minutes . I contacted the company and they said they would get back to me . Two months later I decided to see if I could correct the problem myself . I was sure it was the pressure sensor that was the problem . Sure enough , the spring sensor was stuck . In an attempt to free it up , I broke off the rather fragile , brass micro-switch post . Now , the washer motor wo n't shut off . This would be ok except that the pressure builds to such an extent that the sprayer valve wo n't open , leaving the unit totally useless .
 This pressure washer arrived in the original packaging and everything was intact and in good condition . The next day I took it out to wash my very large decks . I worked fine for about two hours , then it died . The motor would not run at all . The next day I went to the Amazon web site to fill out the return form on line . A Amazon representative called me and apologized , She told me that they would pay for return shipping and refund my money.These people are a pleasure to deal with and I wish everyone did business like them .
 Adequate power , generous electric cord . Many poor design features
 it worked great the first day , but the next day it did n't start . it broke after the the first day . i could n't believe it until i noticw it was made in china . i guess you pay what you get . i only paid $ 60 at amazon .
 Took this product out of the box , plugged it in , motor dies after less than 2 seconds . Apparently this is a common problem with this product . Spend the few extra $ $ $ and get a name brand .
 JUNK - THE WAND LEAKED AFTER 30 DAYS . AN O-RING WENT BAD AFTER 45 DAYS . THE UNIT IS JUNK
 The power washer arrived without a handle . I contacted customer support
 Had an electric power washer for years.bought this one because of the reviews.Tried it out around the house and I was fully satisfied.Has plenty of power and I like the features that it brings.For the money this is a good power washer , I would recommend it .
 I used this to wash my back deck . In the first four minutes I could see I was going to love this washer . But then the nozzle cracked along a seam and it stopped working . I 'm waiting to hear back from the manufacturer . If I do n't get a response , back to Amazon it goes.One question I have is why does a high-pressure nozzle have a seam it in ? Seems like an elementary engineering mistake to me.Update
 Within a half hour of taking the power washer out of the box , the plastic ?!? spray nozzle snapped ... one would think that under 1600 PSI something other than plastic would be used for at least lining the inside of the nozzle ... but I guess not ... Called the manufacturer for a replacement part and the rep I spoke with knew virtually nothing about the product -LRB- `` I only work in the call center '' -RRB- and told me it would be 12-14 business days for a new part . So this one is on its way back to Amazon.This is the exact same problem as the reviewer below , so it seems like a systemic problem with the nozzle design .
 I bought this to replace an 8 year old electric that blew out an internal gasket . It seems to work ok , but I do n't really believe the power ratings , it seems similar to a unit rated at about 2/3 the water pressure . Also the rotating head did not work and the manufacturer was absolutely unresponsive both online and on the phone . I was never able to get it replaced .
 iT IS A PIECE OF JUNK , AND OVER PRICED , IF YOU TAKE SOME SALT AND VINEGAR , WILL DO THE JOB , OR OTHER CLEANING , NOT TO PAY FOR 10 TABLES $ 10.99 , SHIPPING 7.99 , '' SO DO N'T FALL IN THERE TRAP ''
 It looks really great , easy to assemble and you ca n't beat the price , but it was very short-lived . It blows over very easily and the spokes broke repeatedly -LRB- I glued them with wood glue -RRB- . The black faded to a nauseating dark green . I found the pin system to work poorly , I could never get it to stay up completely so the umbrella always sagged a bit . There are no instructions , which would have been helpful . Also , it is quite top heavy so I had a bear of a time keeping it completely upright -LRB- it kept listing to one side -RRB- . If you do n't mind using it for one season and not expecting it to last beyond that , it 's well worth the price . I kept it open all the time because it was so difficult to open it securely , so it probably would have performed better if it was closed when not in use . Finally , it 's really too tall for a regular patio table , so it would work better with a bistro-type patio table .
 Disappointed that the cover rotted into strips after about a year and half of Ohio weather . Bought from Amazon for $ 13.99 in late Oct 2006 and the cover was rotted through after this winter . It did fit a stack of 6 chairs perfectly and no problem with mold or mildew . Chairs stacked and stored outside on protected south side of house under eaves for winter months . Maybe heat of sun did it in . Surprised me since I thought the light tan canvas-like material would last better than the -LRB- what seemed to be cheaper -RRB- rubbery black covers I bought at the same time from Amazon for both our over-sized grill and the captain-style swivel chairs for our outdoor dining set that I could n't fit in our storage shed . At the time I was disappointed I could n't get the tan canvas covers for everything , now I 'm obviously glad I do n't have to replace those items ... they are still going strong and they are stored for cold months in the same south-facing location .
 Bought in April ' 09 . In less than a year , I noticed yesterday that the top is dry rotted and ripped . It has been in the NJ elements for 10 months , but I would have expected a longer life than this . Also , it is water repellent , not water proof . I often found my chair pillows very wet after rain . My next cover will be more of a plastic type than this cloth material . This seems to be a better cover if your chairs will be in the garage - or at least under an awning or in the shade .
 These are not worth purchasing . Our friends purchased some and were delighted at first . We bought cover 's . After the first storm the covers were ripped in several places . i contacted our friends who said they too were disappointed because they rip easily . Never again . . Les
 Disappointed . The cover became rotted and torn in less then 1 year . The cover it replaced lasted 5 + years . This item looked nice , but not worth the money .
 These patio chair covers -LRB- Hearth and Garden -RRB- by Trilink Global only lasted 1 year . I purchased the 2 Hearth and Garden patio chair covers -LRB- model Tri-000393 -RRB- May 2010 . The material seemed like it was going to be quite durable . I was extremely disappointed that as I was moving the chair during spring cleaning -LRB- end of April 2011 -RRB- , the cover ripped -- a big rip . As I pulled the cover off , it ripped again in another spot . I was not rough with the covers . I would NOT waste money buying these covers unless you only expect them to last one year . At the same time that I bought the Hearth and Garden covers , I also bought 2 patio chair covers by Classic Accessories -LRB- the VERANDA Collection # 78932 -RRB- . These patio chair covers have a 3 year warranty . The Classic Accessories patio chair covers have stood up to the local elements to date . I am pleased with the Classic Accessories patio chair covers so far . I live 18 miles from the Atlantic Ocean . It is very humid here in the summer . It was unusually cold this past winter . I have lived here for 40 years .
 Have not received this item , but the charge has went thru the bank . Do not know how to get ahold of anyone to complain ...
 Used it last winter . Since it is light color , it does n't hide dirt very well , at the end of winter , I saw specks of black stains on the cover -LRB- could it be mildew ? -RRB- I did n't bother to wash them off and just stored it in my crawl space for the summer season.I just pulled it out yesterday to cover my patio table and the mildew -LRB- ? -RRB- did not get worse nor better . I still used it , but just a bit annoyed by the ease of attracting dirt.Also , it is not waterproof , when I pulled the cover off the table at the end of last winter , I saw a pool of water on my tabletop .
 After reading the good reviews on this product I thought I had found the solution to my squirrel problem . I had earlier bought the `` Havahart '' trap but because the trip mechanism on that unit was located in the center of the trap it would not work with squirrels , They would trip the trap but because their tails were still sticking out the back of the trap it would not completely close and they would just back out of it . This trap looked like the perfect solution because the trip mechanism was in the end of the trap . Well the good news is is will catch a squirrel . The bad news is it is built so flimsy that the squirrel will literally destroy the trap in a matter of minutes . The metal parts of this cage are so thin it makes me wonder if I was mistakenly sent the `` mouse & chipmunk '' version they also carry . I caught a total of two squirrels and had to completey rebuild and repair the trap to get the second one . The second squirrel tore it up so bad I had to toss it in the trash . Neither squirrel was in the trap for more than an hour . It is a great concept but poorly executed . The Havahart trap is extremely heavy duty compared to this but will not catch the squirrels . This one will catch the squirrels but can not hold them without being totally destroyed . Too bad somebody ca n't make one that is both functional and durable . I would endorse this trap for mice & very small rodents but if you are dealing with squirrels or rats forget about it .
 This would be more accurately described as a mouse feeder . I baited it , and the bait disappeared , but it never caught a mouse . I would not recommend this live trap . There are others that do work .
 Thickness/gauge of cage is too light . Rodent flipped trap and top spring bar falls off cage all the time since metal piece that holds it in flexes . Needs to be sturdier !
 -LRB- Update
 This rat trap is junk . A complete waste of money . The mechanisms to make the trap door shut were n't even aligned . The foot pad for the animal to step on did n't release the trap door when tested with a push down as if an animal stepped on it . We are mechanically inclined people and still could n't get this trap to work . The materials used to construct the trap were weak .
 This item never shipped and I was unable to contact the company . Horrible experience .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I was pleased with this birdhouse until after the first rain when I went to check on it . The gingerbread details on this birdhouse are made out of CARDBOARD and started to crumble when I touched them.I had read the other review about poor wood quality , and did not expect great things for $ 11 - but cardboard ? seriously?This should be listed as a decoration only ! not for outdoor use !!
 The design is nice but I was a little disappointed with the quality of wood and paint used .
 ... that pretty much tells the story.I WISH I had come to Amazon and read the reviews first . This is for Raid Ant Bait III and you can almost hear the ants say `` S'cuse me , pardon me '' as they step OVER the traps and keep going . Whatever is making it back to the colony feels more like an invitation or some kind of flash mob.I 'd hate to admit that the problem actually seems to have gotten worse . Do n't know if they 're lured in by the bait and then do n't bother?This is worse than losing money out of your pocket . Losing 5-10 bucks is bad but * paying * that to have a situation get worse is just awful.The only thing that makes me feel better is seeing that it 's not just me .
 Our landlord gave us a couple of these thinking they would `` solve our ant problem . '' Ha , the ants walked in a few times , walked right out and then ignored the things and never went back . Our ant problem actually got worse after putting these out . I do n't even feel right giving this product 1 star . Terro ant killer is the way to go .
 As with others reviews , it 's almost funny how these traps are completely ignored by ants . Would give it a 0 star rating if I could . Save your money .
 I feel incredibly vindicated now seeing the composite 1-star rating for this worthless product and the other written accounts of how time and again these `` baits '' simply do nothing . I thought maybe I was plagued with a particular breed of ant that had no attraction to this bait , but now I see the problem is universal . I have sat and watched , hell I 've even set up a video camera to record and review later to see if even one ant EVER crawled inside one of these baits and it NEVER happened . I ca n't believe these are still on the market , it 's blatant false-advertising and now I 'm going to call Raid and demand my money back .
 I could not find Terro my favorite to get rid of ants . So I tried this . What a mistake . The ants did not go near it.My ant problem is worse now . I actually cut one open to see it it was the enclosure that was scarring them away . Nope . They walk right over it and did not stop ! TOTAL waste of money . Do NOT buy this product .
 Ants do n't even go into the bait trap , and they keep coming . Thanks for nothing , Raid .
 As the other reviewer said , I used this product and the ants walk up to it and they walk away ! It 's like they 're saying `` you ca n't fool me ! '' Pretty disappointing . My ant problem actually became worse with these in my house . Look for Terro Amazon . It has great reviews .
 My husband and I moved into our apartment and within days accidentally left out a dog bone . We removed the bone , cleaned , vacuumed , baking soda-sprinkled , vacuumed again , and so on . After a while , the straggler ants started to trickle in , which I expected . So we went and bought some of these bait huts . We put out four
 Length :
 I have tried this product twice with the same effect
 Got this from Homedepot and put them right at the ant trail . May be I did not read the instruction right , I think it works better as ant deterrent because they all walked right around it and minded their own business . I placed all 8 packs around the house and 0 ants walked into any of them !!! I should have read the reviews here before buying it !!!
 Absolutely usless ! The ants would not touch the baits . I ca n't believe that this product is for sale . It 's as though Johnson has put plastic containers full of nothing into a box and stuck a sticker on claiming that they are selling a product that works which in fact it does not which is clear from all of the BAD reviews . I am truly disappointed and feel cheated !
 I purchased a package of Raid Ant Bait III and placed them in areas where we were getting many ants.Initially I thought that we had failed to follow the instructions properly because the ants appeared to be specifically avoiding the traps . Four days after placing the little traps I was killing ants by hand and never saw one ant going near one of these traps . I do n't know what kind of bait they 're using but obviously it 's not for ants.I research this product on the Internet for additional instructions and finally called S. C. Johnson for advice on how to activate the traps . I came to the conclusion that we had followed the instructions correctly but the product is simply a waste of money . I am confident that only the ants would give this product a good review .
 I used all four traps , to no effect whatsoever . These are a waste of time and money , and their obvious uselessness speaks volumes about the company selling them .
 I sat for half an hour and all it did was push the ants away . They touch it with one leg and walk in another direction without going inside . I also got Terro and within 5 minutes there were 6-7 dead ants and others that nibbled and went back in the nest , just what you want . Good stuff .
 These baits are completely worthless . I placed them in the required spots and the ants just kept coming back . Do n't be confused by the name . They are a total waste of money . Had I noticed all the bad press these things got , I never would 've gotten them at all . I even tried to modify them , as one reviewer had mentioned , and the ants went nowhere near them . Stay away from these at any cost . I will go buy Terro bait now .
 The thing does n't work . Period . Waited for 10 days , nothing . Then bought terro pco , and it started working after 5 minutes !
 When we noticed several ants in the house , we immediately went out and bought Raid ant bait without reading up on anything first -LRB- just on the name brand -RRB- . We put them out and NOTHING !!! Like everyone else is saying , the damn ants actually went AROUND the `` bait '' . I did give it a day and still they were not attracting any ants ... at all . I finally googled `` best ant bait '' and came up with the Terro liquid ant bait stations . EVERY review was raving about this product with five stars ... saying it was amazing and immediately effective . We bought the 6 pack , put them out , and BAM ! Within maybe 15 minutes , the trap was being swarmed by them . As of now , we 've had them out for about 14 hours , so hopefully , they 're telling more of their friends about this awesome food ;-RRB- . I 'm predicting excellent results in the next day or so . Raid - nice false advertising on your product ... I hope you are forced to pull these from the shelves because you 're ripping people off .
 This is my very first review and I felt like this is so important I must tell everyone . This product does nothing ! I put this product on an ant line -LRB- sugar ants -RRB- and they literally walked AROUND it . DO NOT BUY . If you want a product that works look up Terro Liquid Bait . Worked like a charm instantly.Oh , I forgot to mention they are unpleasant to look at .
 I wish I could have rated this item 0 stars !! Upon purchasing this wretched item I thought that I was supposed to do `` something '' to activate them , then I found out that NO ... you just put them where the ants are and PRESTO !! The annoying little critters are history ! But there 's a tiny problem ... OTHER than the ants . . apparently the ants want to eat EVERYTHING in the entire kitchen but the bait in these traps !! The people at SC Johnson/Raid need to re-evaluate the term `` bait '' and look it up ! The ants are on these so-called `` bait '' traps like a vegan on prime rib ! With the highly decorated reputation of Raid I expected MUCH better ! We need to contact Raid and demand they pull these items or FIX them ! SC Johnson a family company !??? Yeah ! A family that must LOVE ants because they obviously have no desire to make these bait traps effective . ABSOLUTELY WORTHLESS !!!
 I ca n't believe I bought this crap twice . I felt so good about Raid 's name recognition that I assumed the first failure was a fluke . These traps actually repel ants ! I 'm embarrasses to tell you how long I 've spent watching the traps and the ants wo n't go near it . I even put it in the middle of an ant trail and they just go around it . I even put a dollop of honey on it and they still wo n't even climb up to get the honey.This has to be the worst ant trap ever .
 First of all , this is without a doubt a 1 star product . Absolutely worthless . But if you have foolishly bought these , read Kevin 's explanation below of how to turn them into a semi-functional ant trap . After following his steps , these worked somewhat effectively until we bought better traps -LRB- Terro -RRB- . It 's absolutely inexcusable for Raid to still be selling these , but if you 've already been suckered into buying them , might as well get some use out of them . Give it a shot !
 I came here to warn people about this worthless product , but it looks like it was n't necessary . I do n't know what kind of ants this thing is supposed to work on , but it does n't work on my small black ants . I watched periodically over the course of a few days . The tiny lip on the product is enough to disuade the ants from entering . Pretty amazing considering they manage to climb 20 vertical feet to get to my kitchen . Anyway , go with Terro . It works great . I only got the Raid becuase it was on sale and I figured it 's got ta be ok , but I was wrong . On a scale of 0 to 100 the Raid is a 0 .
 Eighteen other people ca n't be wrong ! I purchased Raid Ant Baits and had the same experiences everyone else had . The ants were unaffected by the Ant Bait 's presence . I threw my receipt away once I opened the product , but wish I could return it . I then read reviews online for Terro products , and although they are more expensive , they wo n't break your bank . Our ant problem is subsiding , NOT because of Raid Ant Bait , but because of a better product .
 Because of a sloppy cat , I have wet cat food all over the kitchen . First I triedTerro 1800Outdoor Pre-Filled Liquid Ant Baits , 3-Pack , but after four years , the ants built up immunity to them . Then I triedSafer Brand M198 Roach & Ant Killing Powder 16 Ounces , which works great , but leaves a fine white poisonous powder round that can get on a pet 's paws . Finally I tried Johnson 's Raid Ant baits . They were worthless . I even ran hot water through them and removed the cover and mixed up the bait . The ants just ignored it . Do n't waste your money.However , I did find a miracle ant killer calledLilly Miller Brands # 100500090 10PK Ant Control Stakeand it removed all the ants within 24 hours . I recommend that over this product any time .
 These things are truly worthless.I actually think I saw * more * ants after using them .0 Stars !
 Placed the Raid Ant Bait in the ant trail . The ants did not even try to get in.Placed Terro right next to Raid and the ants were all over Terro immediatly . Terro works .
 I bought these baits a few weeks ago and placed all four against the counter wall . The ants ignore the baits . We have not seen any decrease in the number of ants .
 Noticed some fire ants one morning coming out of a wall crack in my house . Ran out and bought this product , cut the lid off one , mixed up the peanut butter and placed all 4 near the crack . The ants did n't bother with the 3 that had the lids still intact , but devoured the unlidded one in a few hours . Next day , altered another , same deal . Day 3 still noticed a strong colony with alot of ants , so cut open the other 2 , totally devoured by nighttime . Figured I 'd get some more . Day 6 , 8 traps later , the ants are thriving off this stuff , it 's not poison . Hell , i think they 're even getting bigger . Now they 're swarming around the area I put the traps , i think they want more . *** They seem to be throwing a freaking party *** . This product is JUNK , does n't attract them unless u remove the lid , and mess with the peanut butter , and does n't kill them , even after 8 traps . I wish there was a store near me that sold the Terro stuff so i could try that . I 'm currently searching for borax , i simply do n't trust these off the shelf products any more.ZERO stars , NEVER BUY THIS CRAP , unless you want a colony of ants as pets .
 Just as well throw your money out the window . Sugar ants will not be interested in this bait . May work for grease ants . They need to put this information on the box label .
 The Raid ant bait does not work . We had them out for several days and ants are still there whereas in the past , we used other brands that had a similar concept -LRB- small plastic contraption with bait inside for ants to bring to the colony -RRB- and the ants were gone in a few days . It seems like the ants are not attracted to this product judging from the looks of my kitchen .
 I evem did what the three star guy suggested
 I do n't know if it 's the packing or what but my bench was damaged in several places , including broken iron supports . Box was severely damaged and no hardware was in the box . My guess is that it fell out during shipping . I think it 's worth the extra price to get from your local home improvement store and not have to deal with having to return the damaged item . Please note I did not buy off Amazon but it was the same item and the reviews on that seller 's site were pretty much the same . Damaged and missing hardware .
 Shipped the first time without complete parts . Was shipped a second time in a tattered box and the rod iron parts were actually broken in pieces.I was going to try one more time , but the customer service told me they were going to discontinue the item due to so many problems with this product and refunded me my money .
 I bought this bench for my porch . It looked beautiful and was a little sturdy when we first bought it , but after a couple of years it fell apart . I would n't spend too much on something like this because it wo n't last .
 This bird feeder is great looking . But the seed holes are WAY TOO LARGE and allows the seeds to pour out of the filled feeder . Also the tray is very small for the amount of seeds spilled into it causing seeds to spill out of the tray . We bought a 13 '' seed catcher that helps eliminate that problem . But the feeder is not even practical for sunflower seeds as the feeder holes are even too large for those type of seeds . We are going to modify the feeder by placing a thin piece of aluminum sheeting inside the feeder , covering the holes and cut new smaller seed holes in the aluminum . Hope this works . Too bad the design flaw has cause more expense and more work . I would not reccomend this product for any type of birdseed .
 The best part out of the whole kit I thought was the galvanized tubs , I got the herb seeds , but the strawberry seeds were not in the package , it 's pretty pricey when there is a `` Made in China '' sticker on the tub . good luck .
 I bought these planters because I had owned them before and they were very durable and attractive . I especially liked the high-gloss look . Unfortunately , when I received my planters , they had been put in the shipping box with the wadded up , rough craft paper that Amazon so often uses and it ruined the high-gloss finish of the outer planter . The other planters were nested inside and were fine . So when I ordered them in another size , I ordered one extra figuring that they would be packaged the same way despite the fact that I notified Amazon of the problem . Sure enough , same problem , but I was able to return the ruined outer one that I did n't want anyway -- it essentially served as packing .
 Wanted it for decorative purpose with an artificial plant but it looks very cheap . If you just want it for an indoor plant , it should be fine . It is a small step up from the pots that plants come in at the store .
 It would have been a nice pot but the pieces that attach the tray to the pot were snapped off so the bottom had holes in it . Lame .
 Item arrived scratched and scuffed in many places all along the outside ! This is junk -- soft , scratched-up plastic . I ca n't put my nice plant in this and expect it to look decent ! Has this been abused in a Dollar store , then consigned to be sold here ? This is junk . Waste of time & money RMA .
 I have been looking for planters like some I already own and have not been successful . I thought I found the right planter , but it is not what I expected . What I got was a cheap flimsy pot . I would not get this again .
 ordered this plant older thinking it would look like the color in the picture ... well it does n't ! color was more of a teal or aqua color . . not what i wanted but Amazon was very professional about the return .
 This planter is not high gloss , but the typical cheap planter available at any discount store . The planters I got were a dull red finish , cheaply molded plastic with scratches , scrapes and excess plastic at seams .
 Bought this to go with my automatic water feeder for my dog . I hooked it up and it leaked around the faucet even after tightening with a wrench . Tried it on three different faucets - and same result .
 Disappointed that I wasted the money on buying this hose to drain the Soleus dehumidifier I wanted to drain on the bypass . The black end of the hose wo n't fit into the hole on the machine even though the hose was recommended to go along with the machine I ordered . Too much to return so now I have a little hose that wo n't work and need to go buy one with a metal female end so it will fit inside the dehumidifier for continuous drainage .
 I connected the hose to the water source , and the hose came right off the end . I do n't know how the hose and ends are supposed to stick together , but there was nothing on the one I received that would do that .
 The repeated use and restricted use by what the container would cover was misleading . It is still in the container and I have used other mains for eliminating the pest I was experiencing.Thanks but no thanks.Patricia Hiers
 I purchased this product to keep cats away from our backyard , but it did n't deter them . I probably purchased the wrong variety of Shake Away as the label indicates another variety is for cats . I probably misread the product information before buying .
 Perhaps the five-star ratings are coming from people who live near deer that are afraid of people . Where I live -LRB- outskirts of Houston -RRB- the deer are nearly domestic and will stand in my front yard , munching on my shrubs , being as defiant as a 14 year old kid.I gave this product a week-long try . Night # 1 , seemed to work okay as there was no new munch evidence . Night # 2 -LRB- the sprinkler system ran at 4:00 AM -RRB- the effectiveness seems to have worn off a bit , as there is more evidence of evening deer dining . Night # 3 , oh oh , the deer have returned with their appetites , so I sprinkled the remainder of the container on the garden . Night # 4 , the deer must have caught nasty colds and therefore can not smell this stuff . More damage . Night # 5 , # 6 , and # 7 . Totally ineffective again . Searched Amazon for alternatives . Found something locally that mixes fiery pepper extract with garlic . Now it smells like an Italian kitchen in my front yard . The deer are calling in reservations now.So I settled on a motion-sensitive sprinkler for about $ 50 . Eureka ! That thing works , except that I have to remember it 's on when I venture out to fetch the morning paper . But finally the deer dining has been halted . Forget the chemicals , get a motion-sensor sprinkler instead .
 I used an entire 20-oz container according to the directions , and deer were not fazed . They continued to munch on my willow tree as if they enjoyed being surrounded by these granules . Information about the money-back guarantee was supposed to be found on the company 's web site , but it was not mentioned .
 A family of raccoons has taken up residence in a sheltered area of my house . I could hear them scratching and squirming in the little den of theirs , which used to be part of my house . In desperation , I decided to give this product a try in spite of the 1-star reviews . I sprinkled cup each at the entrance of their den and on a pile of raccoon dropping nearby . On the same night , I heard the sound of animal running away from my house . Two days later , I heard a scratching sound near the den , then the sound of a sharp step back and panic retreat . I was overjoyed and I ordered some more . But sadly , on the sixth night , they were back with a vengeance . They made a big racket for 3 hours before they settled back into their den and I was back to square one . During this time , I had applied the repellent twice per instruction on the can . Apparently , the raccoons figured out that the repellent was a decoy and went about their business as usual . They were smarter than I thought.Update
 This product is advertised as 100 % safe and non-toxic , but the precautionary statements on the bottle conflict with that . It says to `` call a poison control center '' if it comes in contact with skin OR clothing -LRB- and , of course , if swallowed or gotten in eyes -RRB- . It also mentions `` hazards to domestic animals '' even though the description on amazon claims it will not harm household pets OR the animal you are repelling.I 'm too nervous to use it and will be returning it . **** Update
 Product simply does not work as advertised , when used as advertised . Advertisement states `` Shake-Away deer is a powder made of coyote urine '' , though no urine is listed in ingredients . Urea is listed and is NOT urine . Urea is a nitrogen-containing waste-by-product contained in urine -LRB- dog , people , coyote , etc -RRB- and is used as a nitogen source in fertilizer . Urine would contain urea , other waste products , pheromones etc. that would let deer know that other animals were in the area . Urea does NOTHING except fertilize your property .
 I anxiously waited for this product to arrive to keep the raccoons away from my `` fenced in '' garden that contained sweet corn . I used the ENTIRE container around the two sides of my garden that did n't have a building against them , but was fenced in . The DAY after I sprinkled the entire container down on the ground and also put some in several little pouches & hung them from the posts , the raccoons came overnight and destroyed the entire row of corn that was right next to the sprinkled product . Plus , now that it 's rained several times , it appears the product is causing the grass where it was sprinkled to form a yellow gold dust that gets on your shoes and anything that comes near to the area .
 It 's not a bad umbrella if you are looking for a 6 foot one . The manufacturer 's description claims that it is 7.5 foot wide . I measured it and it is at most 7 foot wide -LRB- from corner to corner -RRB- , but only 6 foot from flat side to flat side . That makes it an average of 6.5 foot wide , not the 7.5 advertised by fiberbuilt .
 I put the shakeaway by the garage door where the mice were getting in and it smelled great for a few hours but it had no effect on the mice . I keep putting it out - at least it makes the garage smell good , and I might as well use up what I have left in the bottle .
 I tried this product twice and did n't solve the problem . I had voles in my lawn put the product out as directed and it did not work .
 I am sorry to say that the rat that is visiting my house and garage was not afraid of this product . After sprinkling it in all its favorite spots , he or she simply walked right through it . No one was more disappointed than I that this product did not detour this critter .
 we had rats in our garage and bought this product in good faith . imagine our surprize to find that the rats were actually attracted to this product and seemed to prefer to leave their dropping where we had put the granules . i suppose they were laughing at us for buying such a stupid product . we got exterminators in to do the job correctly and they also had a good laugh when we showed them the product container . buyer beware !!!
 This product did n't work for us at all . Our mice had no issue to even walk over the stuff ! After having tried a lot of products , we 're finally back to the only remedies that seem to work
 Tried this product to keep mice and rats away from our BBQ and crawlspace . Did not work whatsoever !
 I tried the Product as instructed and instead of running the Squirrls awaym I think it attracted them becausae I now have more Squirlls not less , I ask a Credit and will receive one for the item but lost the shipping and handling fee , which is not right in my opion so instead of getting rid of Squirlls , I lost money !!
 I 've been battling a rat/mice nest in my engine compartment for a month . I was hoping this would solve my problem . Unfortunately , they have pee 'd and pooped all over this stuff . Considering I placed more than a quarter of this bottle within my engine compartment , this stuff obviously has been a waste of money . On to the next attempt at a solution I suppose .
 I bought Shake Away Rodent Repellant Granules after having a problem with mice in the laundry room in my basement . I wanted to get rid of the mice humanely so I thought this product would be ideal . After reading the instructions , I put golf ball size stockings with the granules as instructed all around my laundry room . Well , not only did the mice not get repelled , but I found mouse droppings right next to the repellent and the mice continued to multiply until I had to get an exterminator.The exterminator found 7 mice so I guess Shake Away did not repel any . Please save your money and either get mouse traps or an exterminator .
 This product did not work for me , as the mice did not stay away , and I put it down several times before giving up . I followed the directions . It just did n't work for me . I found it messy , too . You have to get up the old product before putting down the new or you wind up with a lot of this stuff all over the house .
 Product did nothing . Today the exterminator arrives . I put the product in a paper plate next to a mouse trap ... I 've trapped three mice in 3 days ... I think the mice are drawn to it rather than repelled from it ... It should be called `` Come to Me `` Two thumbs down ...
 I applied this product in my garden . It said it would n't harm plants , but the day after applying it almost destroyed my whole garden killing several plants and burning several others . First day after applying i walk into a garden with more squirrels in it than ever . This product DOES N'T WORK and is a COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY . DO NOT BUY .
 This stuff is a complete waste of money . I actually think mice eat this stuff . Slightly kidding with that one but seriously I found mouse droppings next to the repellant on the day after I put it down . And it was n't a case of it being washed away by rain . I tried being nice and humane to these suckers .
 Well if I allow my small dogs to smell this , they run away from it , BUT when sprinkled around -LRB- half the bottle -RRB- around the areas where there are rat dropping and the top of the wall -LRB- in the attic -RRB- where the rats climb up , it does not appear to stop them at all ...
 It did n't work the Mice in NYC are tougher than the Bobcats of the world
 I have not used this particular product for RODENT control.I HAVE used the SMALL CRITTER Repellent -LRB- same brand -RRB- for chipmunks and bunnies etc. . That has only been partially effective . It has not dissuaded the critters to move on . They seem to come back after two days and call my bluff . I think it is because we have only lived here 2 years now and they have been `` in -LRB- under -RRB- residence '' for a much longer time . I wanted to use a humane type product like this but this one is just too expensive per use and I have not gotten the results I was hoping for . I am down to my last 2 jars and I have already used 4 without success . I wo n't order it again.It is a shake product but the consistency of the product is somewhat moist and so it really does n't like to `` shake '' out through the holes provided . The larger opening dispenses it too rapidly and one can use up a bottle/jar in a hurry .
 I found that the shake away coyote repellant to be lessthan effective in detering groundhogs . After shaking the product in the hole he had dug , the groundhog not only returned to he hole but drug some the pellets back under my deck with it 's belly .
 I have mice in my shed . I made a circle with this stuff and put a mouse trap with cheese on it in the middle . I caught a mouse each day for the next three days .
 This summer I had rats in my garden eating my tomatoes for the first time ever . I was able to catch about three of them in a rat trap until they became wise to that . Being desperate , I looked for some other cure and read positive reviews for Shake Away Rodent Repellant Granules here on Amazon . So , I tried it.Don ' t waste your time or money ! This stuff was totally ineffective ! It sounded like a plausible idea , but it does not work . The rats pay no attention to it whatsoever !
 Fast shipping ... As some one previously stated this product `` seems '' to ATTRACT MICE ... Mice are n't afraid -LRB- fear -RRB- this product AT ALL ... Another review that I read said that they were gon na go back to mouse traps ... EXAAAAAACTLY !!! Back to traps !!! I 'm terrified of mice and NO I didnt give it the 2 weeks , HOWEVER the mice APPEARED MORE DAY 1 -LRB- this is after i sealed holes/cracks , etc. . -RRB- The smell is n't that bad or STRONG ... SERIOUSLY , I put this stuff behind the washer and dryer and BOOM there they were ... never had a problem with them being in my pantry -LRB- thats not built in the wall -RRB- so i put sum behind it anyway ... smh ... wrong move ... . smh , my daughter said she saw 2 around it and trying to get in it ... I hate not having a peace of mind in my own home -LRB- field is about 50 yards from my back door -RRB- ... For some reason didnt see NOT ONE field mouse last year but then started seeing one here and there during THIS SUMMER :-LRB- ... . STRESSED !!! I guess if you have the money to buy and try you really dont have much to lose but the cost ... But if it works GREAT ...
 Shake Away Repellant is a joke . It did not work as stated . I was trying to remove a nest of raccoons in the basement and it simply failed to work . Simply stated , you would be better off NOT using this product .
 I live in Hollywood , CA and four months ago I started hearing critters -LRB- rats , I 've seen them with my own eyes now -RRB- in the ceiling of my one-story apartment . There is a 2-foot high crawl space between the ceiling and the actual roof , of the building , and , well , the rats decided it would make a nice home . At night it sounded like they were playing soccer matches up there.I did not want to endure the smell of dead rats in the walls if they were killed with poison . I just wanted them to move on . Shake-away seemed like the thing to try.I got on a ladder , packed wad after wad of Shake-Away into a blow-gun-style piece of PVC tubing , threaded it into a hole I created in a vent on the side of the building , put my lips to the tube , and exhaled hard . I could hear the crystals scattering around the two-by-fours and miscellaneous pieces of electrical wiring . I blew and I blew . I did this in two different places of the building until I was sure I had created a wide swath of bobcat scented hell for the rats . I did this with enormous confidence that they would move out . Eventually.Well , like I said , that was several months ago now . I am prompted to write this because I just heard what sounded like a pair of elephant-sized rats engaged in a sumo contest right above my ceiling fan . There were nights when I was sure they were gone for good . There were others when I figured the sounds I was hearing was just them packing their bags to leave . But they are here , they are still very firmly here , and Shake-Away seems to have done nothing to change that.Having said all that , and having done more and more research on the stuff since I bought and applied it , it seems that Shake-Away is only effective at preventing rats from moving IN to a potentially habitable location , not on encouraging them to LEAVE one they have already decided to call `` Home '' . Shake-Away , then , is a DETERRENT to a not-yet-existent rat problem not a SOLUTION to a problem that already exists.SO ... . If you can guess in advance exactly where and when a colony of rats will move in to a place that you wo n't want them , Shake-Away may be able to help you prevent that from happening . But as a tool to get rats out of your home , well . I 'd love to finish writing this review but I placed a few bets on tonight 's rat-fight and I need to find out if the big dark Norwegian is going to finally trounce the local big blackie and I do n't want to miss the beginning of the brawl . Got ta go !
 Tried it on the small animals/rodents . It did n't have a chance . Did not repel anything ! So I guess it 's goodbye to that crummy product .
 We were having problems with rodents getting into our cars which were parked outside . We sprinkled this around the cars every night . 5 days later both cars have check engine lights coming on and hundreds of dollars of damage caused by chewed wires . My husband opened his car hood yesterday to see a rat in there . This product did not work at all .
 I liberally sprinkled this product on the ground around my vehicle , and also put on some of the flat surfaces inside the engine compartment.Recently I noticed some mouse damage to the heat/noise insulation under the vehicle 's hood . On closer examination I found the the mice had actually packed many acorns along with a significant amount of Shake Away granules into the nest it had created in this insulation.So much for it being a rodent repellent ! Besides smelling horrible , to humans at least , this product does not appear work .
 We followed directions - mice still around , mouse droppings in the granules - can not recommend
 The product was delivered fast . That is what the one star is for.I have used the granules as directed but our squirrels are not impressed . They seem to even try the stuff and it does n't deter them at all . The product has clearly not worked as promised .
 My planter 's size and weight were both well within the parameters advertised for the holder but it was not strong enough to keep it from bending and tipping the planter waaaay over . Would not recommend at all .
 I am so disappointed with this item . After looking at many of the reviews for this and other products like it , I went ahead and ordered . The shipping was fast and the item arrived in good condition but it did not work out as I had hoped . Nobody mentioned if it would work on a vinyl privacy fence but the fence width fell within the limits stated . I wanted to hang it on the fence outside my kitchen window . Well , first of all , it hangs too high on the fence and I had to add a handmade spacer to the brace to make the flower box hang correctly . It is usable but not at all what I had hoped for . It may be great for the wrought iron types of fences but not great for a privacy fence !
 I bought 6 of these for my flower boxes . I originally had two old Flower box holders that i decided to get new holders because they werent looking so hot -LRB- rusty and no paint -RRB- . I received them and placed my 36 '' planter , as these are advertised to hold , and it bent the < cheap > metal and almost fell to the ground . Not worht sending back for a refund , i ended up doubling up 3 flower boxes with 2 of these Holders each and used the other , older holders on the outside area.The shape was exactly what i was looking for , the product is made out of cheap metal and will not hold a 36 '' box as advertised.Unhappy with the product .
 I bought this hoping to hang my flower box on my porch railing . It looked like an awesome deal . I got the product in the mail and it is pretty flimsy . I hung it on my railing and put the flower box on it and it immediately bent and had I not been holding part of the weight would have spilled onto the floor . I have a 32 inch flower box and it is what I would consider average weight for what it is . I even tried putting two of these flower boxes holders next to each other and sitting one flower box on both to distribute the weight and it still bent and was about to fall off . The crummy part is that the seller does not refund shipping . The shipping is more expensive than the product so if you want to return the item it will cost you more money . So basically it is trash .
 Just as the other bad reviews mentioned , this railing bent instantly with the flower box that is marked as a pairing for it on Amazon . Very disappointed , which there were better options on Amazon .
 If there were negative stars for this product , that is what I would have clicked versus a one star rating . This product is very deceptive in description and the quality is one of the worst I have ever experienced in a product . After this product was supporting this planter boxDynamic Design MB3612TC Medallion Deluxe 36-Inch Poly Window Box with Saucer , Terra Cottain which the hanger was displayed to be bought with , the whole planter box suddenly ended up on the ground dumping the box and destroying various plants that were in it . The product , this hanger worked for about one week , then went straight ... totally losing the ability to support anything . It should be noted that the product description boasts of being able to support this size of planter box . Do not be deceived!There is a small selection of these on Amazon to order , but I would certainly discourage ANYONE from even considering this item . I lost over $ 20.00 in plants due to this defective product .
 this product is flimsy , poor cheap plastic that is falsely advertised.THERES NO WAY THIS THING WILL HOLD MORE THAN WHAT THEY CLAIM , ESPECIALLY A 36 INCH PLANTER.THE MOMENT I USED IT STARTED TO BEND.AND WORSE I HAVE TO PAY TO SHIP IT BACK , DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY AND THIS SELLER IS VERY VERY SLOW , WENT PAST DUE DATE .
 Not good for balcony railing at all - for one , it 's at least 1 '' wider than the container so the latter slid to the front plus after I filled less than half the volume with dirt the holder yielded and is now hanging at about 20 deg outward instead of leaning firmly against the railing . I 'd hate to surprise my nice neighbor downstairs with a bang so for now it 's facing the balcony but this is not how I want it and I will be replacing it with a sturdier holder . Bad product , straight to a trash bin .
 After reading the previous reviews , I decided to purchase two and buy plastic 18 '' plant containers to keep the weight to a minimum . Out of the box , one rests perfectly on the railing and is not influenced by the weight of the container . The second one droops several degrees so the plant container -LRB- smaller than the HoldAll Holder -RRB- slides to the front and is at an angle . Not ideal . I have n't seen another skinny iron railing solution , so this will do for now . I am considering trying to bend the metal to make a better fit , but I do n't want to reduce what limited strength it has , so I may try and cut a piece of plywood to stick under the bar that cantilevers the weight off of the rails to support it some .
 I purchased these and received them today , Jun 11 , 2012 . I needed metal brackets to hang plastic planter boxes from a wrought iron porch railing for a friend 's birthday gift . When I opened the box , they looked too light weight to hold my 24 & 30 inch plastic planter boxes with dirt and flowers in them . And sure enough , when I placed one on the railing and put the planter on it , it bend and the planter would have fallen off ! I am going to send them back and hope to find a more sturdy replacement !
 I bought this machine 1 month ago and the pump has gone already , They want me to take it 70 miles away for warranty . So I just bought another pump online for 300.00 and fixed it myself . in the past with other equipment i have bought from them northern tool has always sent me the parts for warranty work but will not do that any more . Next purchase will be from a local dealer so I can get service .
 I have a small lawn , 620 square feet , that I mow twice a week and a manual reel mower is just right for me -- if it worked . It worked good enough for about 3 months and then it started making a rachteting noise that I just thought was the wheels were just trying to synchronize their clutches . Today , I realized that the noise for the past 8 months is a failed clutch in the left wheel making it trying to mow with just the other wheel pulling . Many times I have to mow two ways to eliminate the chopped pattern of the cut grasss from the reel not turning fast enough because of the left wheel slipping.In summary , this is a poorly made mower , is too light to get traction to turn the blade to cut well even with both wheels working , and is way over priced .
 I purchased this mower to cut a small narrow yard that runs alongside my driveway . What a joke . It ca n't really handle much of anything . It only takes a tiny bit of grass to jam up the mechanism and bring this mower to a screeching halt . It does a lousy job of actually cutting blades of grass . Probably rips out more grass then it cuts . You 'll have to go over the same area numerous times to get a level cut . In the past I 've purchased two other manual mowers from local hardware stores that cost half as much money as this unit and both worked much better than this . I got so frustrated with it yesterday I actually used my weed wacker to mow my lawn . This is a very disappointing/overpriced product .
 I purchased another mower , the Sunlawn MM1 from Amazon . Out of the box , it seemed great , until it broke - on it 's first trip around my lawn . -LRB- The adjustment arm casting broke -RRB- . No problem , living in Colorado , where Sunlawn is located , I decided to call the manufacturer direct to resolve the issue . They were very friendly and said that they would send out a new part . Weeks passed , no part . This pattern repeated itself more than once . Me
 I got this thing a year ago and have been pretty persistent in using it when I can . I have 20Ksq ft lawn and I use the reel mowers on the front because it simply looks so much better cut with a reel.I started off with a 99.00 Scotts mower . It was a real chore to push , but cut very well . But alas , the handle did n't last half a season . Junk.I decided to step up a notch and get this one . Big mistake.It 's a real joy to push , little effort at all and is constructed quite well for the price . However , I have to take min 2 , usually 3 or 4 passes to cut the grass properly . I have adjusted the knife in and out trying to get better results and all efforts have failed . I do n't know if it 's the reel speed ratio or the attack angle on the rotary , but this thing literally misses more grass than it cuts . It `` thins '' your lawn , but does n't cut it.Be prepared to mow your lawn twice every time in order to get something even reasonable . I try not to be picky about missed blades here and there , this type of mower is just that way , but this one is horrible . And in case you are wondering , I never try to cut more than about 1/2 inch with it . Anything more than that and you may as well drag a brick around your lawn it would cut better .
 I bought this mower on amazon.com , from amazon.com LLC , in April 2009 . The mower struggled with the thick sod in my yard , and I thought it was because I was hacking through new sod in a rainy month . But in May I discovered that the mower was defective , with only one of the two wheels actually spinning the blade rotor . So I was effectively getting only half power . I thought of prying open the wheel cover to see if it was an easily fixed problem , but I read in the Sunlawn manual that their 2-yr warranty is voided if the customer makes any attempt to repair the product by himself . Now here 's the real problem
 The LMM40 is a light weight , easy to push mower . To make it so light , though , Sunlawn has sacrificed durability . My LMM40 worked fine for two weeks , and then failed on the third . Gears inside the left wheel either broke or fell apart , leaving parts rattling around inside the wheel assembly and making is so that the left wheel was no longer driving the cutting blades . In addition , the loose -LRB- but inaccessible -RRB- parts would then jam the wheel every few feet so that it would n't turn until the rattling parts were dislodged by a good shaking.I attempted to contact Sunlawn , but their web site was down -LRB- actually , not down , but , as of 4/13/09 , simply a blank page -RRB- , and their 800 number said , without further explanation , that their office is closed -LRB- and to please send an email -RRB- , despite it being normal business hours . Given what I 'd read of their customer service from other reviewers , I decided to return the defective product to Amazon before the 30-day return period expired.Should you still decide to give this model a try , be warned that the blade alignment should be checked prior to first use . Though the manual claims that the spacing has been set at the factory , mine was not properly set on arrival -- the blades were scraping on one side and needed to be adjusted for proper `` no-contact '' operation.Overall , I got the impression that Sunlawn erred too far on the side of reducing the weight -LRB- and assembly cost -RRB- of the system , resulting in a product that is prone to mechanical failure . Moreover , Sunlawn has n't passed on their cost savings to the consumer -- nothing about the LMM40 seems to warrant the high price relative to the many other push reel mowers priced below $ 100 . One last thought
 Do n't waste your money ! I bought an LMM-40 . It 's still under warranty , but the retailer closed up shop , the manufacturer -LRB- Sunlawn -RRB- does not return email or phone calls , and I ca n't even * buy * the $ 1 part I need .
 I bought an EM 2 electric reel mower this year . It worked great and I was very satisfied with it . Then the drive belt broke . That was three months ago . There are no spare parts . They do n't return your calls and e-mails . I have caught the employee answering the phone only twice usually you get a recording . They have promised to ship parts but have n't . The EM was an expensive lawnmower and now is a useless piece of junk . If they are this bad with the higher up products I would be careful about any product support for any of their products .
 Sunlawn 16 '' Push Reel MowerA Lemon - Poor Product.Screws to reduce level of cut were over tighten by manfacturer.One screw release with no tighten power now.Other screw still frozen.Handle screw not properly functional.I need to return this product and obtain a replacement that has been properly inspected.Please send information and address.Thank you.Joseph F. Williams 5.12.08
 I also purchased the 16 inch -LRB- MM-1 -RRB- version of the Sunlawn reel mowers , in May 07 for a small , leveled yard . It worked , until is also broke this summer 08 = the metal loop connections that support the anchors to adjust height & tighten the blades are both cracked . I also tried contacting them via Amazon 's message system , email and phone , on numerous occasions . Contact info on their website does Not work ! It 's been over a month ! Amazon ALSO can Not get through to them . Amazon responded that after 90 dys of purchase , in this case , they could not directly intervene ! These units come with a 2 year warranty ! * Warning
 We purchased Model MM-1 last summer -LRB- 07 -RRB- . Loved it until it broke this spring -LRB- 08 -RRB- under normal use . It came with a two year warranty . We contacted the company through phone -LRB- full mailbox -RRB- and email . Received an automated email response a month ago that `` issue will be resolved '' . Have heard nothing since . Voicemail is still full and email contact no longer working ... absolutely no satisfaction and no way to get in touch ! I would stay away from this company even though I love their `` green '' aspect .
 They sent me different patches that are similar to the ones pictured/that I ordered . The shipping cost was more than the items themselves . It was n't worth returning so I just kept them . The ones sent looked different -LRB- colors & shape -RRB- but are probably the same quality . I would rate this 4 stars if I had received the correct items .
 I am truly disappointed with this item . I accept some blame for an excited and hasty purchase of what I hoped would be a great gift for a real Longhorn fan . I relied too much on the illustration , the price , and the shipping charge to form an idea of what I was buying . It was only after the tiny package arrived that I rechecked the description to discover the small sentence at the end stating , `` Pole not included . '' Another big disappointment was the flimsy , tissue-thin material from which the flag is constructed .
 Came shipped without instructions or product manual . Not sure exactly where 2 mystery pin pieces go ... no up-close photos of the assembled product available at Amazon or on company web-site .
 This wand did not fit the SurFlo sprayer . The picture does not represent the item received.No response from the company.Poor handling by Amazon.com
 Last year my husband gave me 2 of these feeders for my birthday . The birds really did n't like them as well as some other ones I had out . I was browsing a Hummingbird web site one day and found that this Hummingbird feeder are death traps for the lil ' fellas . It 's feeding holes are in an unnatural position and the tube that goes inside can trap their beaks and they can hang there and die . The web-site had a pictures of a hummingbird hanging from one of these feeders . They do have a fix for them . drill at an angle , for a more natural position and shave off the tube inside . We did this and the birds like it better .
 Was excited to get this in the mail for a gift for my mother-in-law . The birdhouse I got did not look like the one online . Pieces had fallen off when I opened the package and the house was not completely covered in seed . Not worth the price .
 The amount I paid for this item and the quality of this item has left me greatly disappointed ! I gave this item as a gift to my husband for Christmas and he has been very unimpressed with how the item worked . There has not been one single bird that has come anywhere near this feeder . Now it sits all rotten on our bird hanger and even when I tried to put peanut butter and add more seed to see it this would attract birds , it did not work . The feeder ended up being a huge sticky mess . I will not purchase anything like this again on-line !
 Cheapest made grill cover i 've ever seen . No kidding here , just the wind alone caused this cover to tear ! Seriously , and even the slightest pull as your trying to take it off will cause a tear . I have aluminum foil or paper towel stronger than this cover ! Do not purchase this unless your going to use it to just store a grill indoors without touching it .
 Purchased this grill cover before the winter season arrived . The material is complete garbage , it started ripping the first time I went to take it off . The ironic thing is that it was n't even that it got caught on something sharp . Just was so brittle due to the cold that it started ripping . The product was cheap both in cost and construction . Do n't bother with it , save your time and your money .
 The grill cover was the exact right size and even has velcro adjustments on the sides but the very first time I put it on my grill , the cover ripped at the seam . Very poor construction and this cover will not last very long .
 The cover is very cheap , it ripped the first time I put it on the grill . That small tear ripped completely up the side soon after . The positive thing is it fits the size it says it will .
 For the price , I guess this was a decent quality . After just two uses , the seams have split in three spots and the fabric is so thin you have to be extremely careful that it wo n't catch on anything while putting it on or taking it off the BBQ .
 would not buy again.torn all apart in first rain stonmmy old cover lasted 4 years.this product is awful.would never buy again
 It is cheap . I was hoping for `` inexpensive '' and only looking to get a couple months of use out of this . When I un-packaged it , right away I notice one of the velcro tabs was not sewn in correctly . I did n't care it was still usable . I put it over my grill , perfect fit , seemed as though it would be fine . The next day I went to use the grill and walking up to it I can see light coming through where there should n't be . The stitching on one side had been pulled apart . It was a little windy the night before but not even storm windy . Unless you plan on using this to cover your grill to keep the dust off AFTER you have put it in storage it is worthless .
 This cover is a joke , it lasted less than a month . The seams split and wind did the rest . Spend the extra $ and maybe it 'll last than more than a month . Coincidentally , the return policy expires after a month ... wierd .
 This was not the product as displayed on the website , so I returned it . Called the manufacturer and was told they no longer make the one shown on the website -LRB- not their problem -RRB- .
 I was new to the flag pole business -LRB- I thought all flags of the size we have have the same diameter pole -RRB- and this holder , while sturdy and well made , did not fit our 1 '' flagpole so was worthless to us .
 These glasses are awful . The entire frame is so bendy that it has trouble keeping shape . The glasses are way too big for my head and there is no way to tighten . If I shake my head they come flying off . Because of how flexible these are , you ca n't do anything about it . They just feel cheep and honestly they look that way too . Disappointed !
 glasses were too big for my head , & I have a big head.lenses are NOT blue , they are a blue mirror tint coating . actually more of a smoke color .
 I have an average size head , if not a little on the large side . These glasses either slip or fall off every time I am looking down to work on something . They are fine for someone that just wants to wear them as glasses , but for people who are actually using them on the job , I would definitely not reccomend . Anytime you have to look down , they will fall off .
 I never like to give bad reviews but this product is worthless I must say , and to have read the reviews regarding it I have to wonder ??
 thought it will work after reading all the reviews . but did n't worked out for me
 This sprayer really works pretty good , though the capacity is so small . It takes about 50 strokes to get adequate pressure after filling , and you must repump after a few minutes of spraying because the pressure will drop . I also had problems with air leaking from the piston which allowed me to exercise my arm even more . Still , I was able to finish my project and even had a well-exercised arm to boot !!
 worse welder i ever used ... do not buy ... go with the ac model.it works well . i have never been more dissappointed with a hobart like this before ... thats why they stopped making it
 I took one of these on several backcountry mountaineering excursions in Colorado over the course of several months . In all but the strongest sunlight , it is too weak of a unit to satisfactorily charge any battery or appliance , and when it can , it takes many hours to do so . If the sky is anything other than crystal clear with direct sunlight hitting the panels , you could spend an entire day trying to trickle charge just one small camcorder battery . Yes , the previous reviewer had several units linked together , but I 'm not prepared to have my backpack look like the International Space Station . Do n't waste your money .
 Bought it and put it out on the tree . I do n't know what happened but the next day the little perch is gone and the plug is nowhere to be found . Got a grand total of 1 use out of it : -LRB-
 We are so pleased with these feeders in our yard . Nice way to recycle those plastic liter bottles too . I bought enough to last for awhile and when we run out , we know where to get more now!Definitely recommend this type to others.Thank you , Larry & JoyAnn
 My model did n't appear to come with the right cables -- the key power cable did n't look anything like the picture in the somewhat cryptic instructions , and as a consequence none of the adapters could be fitted to the solar charger . But then the so-callled chargepak would n't charge anything , even when fully charged with the AC/DC converter , and as a consequence the the radio/light would n't work either . In case of emergency , I suppose you could throw it at someone .
 This item looked like an ideal solution for friends in Uganda where there is very erratic electricity but lots of sunshine . I tried to get it to work before taking it with us on our trip but could never get it to charge . I called the customer service and was told to try several things to `` reset '' it . Nothing worked . I sent it back and got a refund but wasted a lot of time .
 well , it looks good at the picture , but in real it looks worse . the colours are different a bit , and the red one is too annoying . PLUS the `` Iceland '' thingie is white and the border of the whole thing is white as well , not yellow . liars :-RRB- .
 Go to Home Depot or Lowes and buy two 16 guage power cords , an electrical box , and a 30 amp receptacle to make your own .
 UPDATE
 Purchasing the McCulloch Electric string trimmer was my first bad product experience for an item purcased through Amazon . This trimmer was defective out of the box . Was not even able to get it assembled because trimmer shaft and shaft to motor head would not connect . The bolt knob to tighten once together was also bent . I also purchased the Grass Gator 8010 Load N Cut Trimmer Head which on the site indicated it would fit the McCulloch Electric Trimmer . The Gator Head also will not fit this trimmer . I immediately returned all items on my order .
 I read the other reviews that talked about the `` disposable '' trimmer head and decided that I would buy this model anyway and replace the trimmer head . I 'd earlier owned a Ryobi electric trimmer -LRB- the 132R , I believe -RRB- and loved it for its power and the trimmer head that just worked . The Ryobi is no longer being made , so I ordered this model.Other reviewers wrote of being able to swap out the McCulloch head for a universal head of some sort , but the online literature made it REALLY hard to figure out what might work . Finally , I took the trimmer down to Lowe 's where a salesperson and I determined that the `` universal '' head stocked at Lowe 's will NOT work . I then went to Walmart , where we found that the Weed Warrior Universal Bump Trimmer Head WILL work with this trimmer . There 's no model number for this head , but the bar code on the back of the package is `` 15221 16750 '' . I think we might have needed an extra washer , but it assembled with relatively little pain . Looking at the package , I just noticed that it says on the back that it 's not for electric trimmers , but it 's been installed and works fine.Using the trimmer ... . It has good power and cuts well enough . The trimmer head from Walmart is adequate but not great , I turn it upside down , push the bump , and pull the cord out . Unlike the Ryobi , the McCulloch is not equipped with a blade on the trimmer guard to auto trim the string , so I have a pair of pliers with wire cutters in my pocket to trim the ends if necessary . I spent an hour or so last weekend trimming the yard and grass between bricks and doing some light edging . As the string wore down , the trimmer head spins faster , and at one point I noticed smoke coming from the bottom of the shaft -LRB- near the trimmer head -RRB- , as if the assembly was heating up and burning off the lubricant in the shaft . I let it cool down and went back to using it.Overall , it 's working , and while I 'm not pessimistic , I 'm not overly optimistic either . As mentioned in the review title , it 's been more trouble than it 's worth , and when the $ 20 cost of the trimmer head is added in , I 'd go elsewhere if I had it to do over.UPDATE : After three uses , the motor started smoking and a burnt smell -LRB- not the same place where it smoked earlier from the trimmer shaft -RRB- . I called McCulloch and was given the name of a local dealer that could handle the repair service . Problem is that the local dealer was a feed store that went out of business at least seven years ago and was torn down and rebuilt as an apartment block around five years ago . So I went to the McCulloch website and found a different local dealer in a neighboring city who could provide repair service , an ACE hardware store , and took it there -- the hardware store indicated that they have n't sold McCulloch products in years.SUMMARY : Three stars for the ridiculous cutter headMinus two stars for it burning upMinus one star for non-existent repair service from the dealers listed on the McCulloch websiteI 'd give it zero stars if I could .
 It broke after the first use . The motor is self-destructing ; plastic flies out the back when I pull the trigger . I was trying to find a brush cutter attachment that fit but was having trouble . But I guess it no longer matters since it 's broken.Of course my return window is long gone -LRB- 30 days ? -RRB- , and of course I did not keep the boxes it shipped in so returning it for even a partial refund would be a hassle . I am going to see if McCulloch will honor their one year warranty - I will update this review as I progress .
 The instructions say - DO NOT MOVE THE TRIMMER FROM SIDE TO SIDE , and I say , are they crazy ? What other body motion makes a practical use of such tool ; but that 's just the beginning of my problems . The motor was not strong enough , and you can feel it straining at times , also making an occasional clanking noise in the motor . And it really slows down when weeds get wound up above the cutting head , then you have to stop because the motor nearly stops . That happens way too often . Maybe the weeds are tougher here in Northern New Mexico , but I really do n't think so . Then , the worst of all - It has a newer type of line replacement system using 3 cut lengths of plastic line , which makes 6 cutting strands -LRB- nice concept , but poorly carried out -RRB- , as opposed to the coiled line type that you tap the ground for more line . At first you think it 's going to be easy when the head pops off pressing a button ; though it did n't come completely off so easily . Then the line , using the recommended thickness , it was an unnecessary tough task pushing the line in with a screwdriver into a narrow place , with even narrower corners having nearly two 90 degree turns for each of the three lines , which makes one `` U '' turn . After so many line replacements I can foresee the cheap plastic part that holds the 3 lines would not last too long after so much abuse . I really wonder if the engineers pretend to be a consumer and test these things out , even just replacing the line . It appears to me that they skipped that important step because it 's a pain in the ass ! And , if they have tested it , and let it pass , then they 're irresponsible and very poor designers . I also ordered an aftermarket cutting head sold on AMAZON which has a simpler line replacement design , but unfortunately that did not have the proper adapters for this McCulloch model , so I had to return that too.After some time working with the trimmer and writing the review above , I realized why the trimmer probably is struggling and feels sluggish , and why they recommend against swaying the tool from side to side . Above I noted the 6 lines doing the weed wacking , and on most trimmers , especially the earlier models , there was only one line extending . On the new after market trimmer heads they seem to be limiting the lines to just 2 . These 4 to 5 additional lines on the McCulloch unit has to put an additional strain -LRB- resistance -RRB- on the motor , and the motor obviously does not have the power to make up the difference ; and the side to side motion probably adds even more resistance , as it feeds too many weeds into the trimmer , much more than it can handle . McCulloch has to go back to the drawing board and rework this tool for better performance , and most definitely changing the way the cutting lines are re-installed .
 The cutting line is made up of 4 pieces , each about 9 '' long . Each are threaded through a central hub so that eight 3 '' lines stick out from under the weedeater . The hub spins & the lines cut the grass . When they break off they have to be replaced . The replacement is either to buy the line , and cut each piece & thread them through the hub or buy additional hubs . Since they break when they hit anything it would take forever to replace the line or be expensive to replace the hub.I returned it to Amazon who refunded my money without any problem.Would NOT recommend buying this unit !!
 This is the worst product I have ever bought on amazon , I wish I could return it , I have gotten rid of packaging material , the spool you get with this product is useless plan on going to depot and buying a replacement spool and spending a additional twenty dollars , thats what I did , I thought I had the problem solved , now when I use it , it smells like it 's burning , I should have listened to the other reviews .
 This is a poor design . I was excited to see 4 cutting strings , but in order to replace the lines you must take it apart and fit the strings into the little spaces . If they fit without using tools it might have been worth the time to replace them . Spend your money elsewhere .
 This unit did absolutely nothing for my Lexus RX300 -LRB- 2000 -RRB- . Direct sunlight -- I live in Southern California -- produced zero effect . I 'm on my second battery in 12 months -- keeps dying , even with this product installed .
 The BatterySaver SE2 actually drained my battery . I hooked it up directly to my battery -LRB- they do n't mention in the description that if your cigarette lighter does n't work when your car is off , then this charger wo n't either ... makes sense though -RRB- . When I hooked it up my battery had enough juice to crank my car . 5 days later when I went to start the car again , the battery was totally dead . Even if it did n't work at all , my battery should n't have been totally dead . It was not hooked up backwards , and I live in Florida . It was sunny all week . After my experience I found another review of a different model charger from this same company . That model also drained the car 's battery . I would stay away from ICP solar all together .
 I bought the BATTERYSAVERSE2 with high expectations . I had the unit installed through my cigarette lighter . After about a month I checked the battery and it needed charging . I charged it . I then connected the BATTERYSAVERSE2 directly to the battery through the supplied cables . In about a month I checked the battery again and it still needed charging . I charged it again . This time I called customer service and was told the problem might be
 I have used a very similar product before with good results . I take the battery out of my boat between infrequent uses , and attack to the solar charger mounted to a window in my garage . The last time I used the battery , it was dead . I was able to charge it and use it later , so I believe the battery was not the problem .
 Bought this icp solar 04029 battery saver se18 18 watt panel for $ 79.99 on Amazon from boaters world but they sent me a 5 watt other brand and I called them and they said amazon advertised wrong product . Amazon told me Boaters world advertises there own product on the web site and it is still on here !! I sent back item got my $ 79.99 back but Amazon had to reimburse the shipping . Buyer Beware !! I have no problems with Amazon . Amazon was very helpful .
 I was sitting on my friends back porch in Costa Rica having some beers and some laughs with one of these lit not 2 feet from me . I got DESTROYED by mosquitos . Cool idea , does n't work .
 Microbe lift PL is excellent for your water garden , but do not order from Amazon 's picture.The picture shows an all season kit which includes a full season 's bacterial needs at a discounted price.Each kit contains 1 each : * Spring/Summer Cleaner * PL -LRB- Water Clarifier -RRB- * TheraP -LRB- for fish health -RRB- * Autumn/Winter Prep -LSB- ... -RSB- Amazon , however is selling you one gallon of PL ... This is not what I wanted nor is it what I expected . A picture is worth a thousand words , but reading the description and not being in a hurry will save you sixty bucks.Very disappointed with Amazon -LRB- for the first time -RRB- .
 It 's one of the best prices you can get for Microbe Lift PL in the gallon size . Anything in the upper 40s is generally a great deal . What seals the deal is how much they get you for shipping . In some cases , that can actually make the cheaper choice more expensive than going with a more reliable dealer.Despite the fact that `` That Fist Place '' listed this item as IN STOCK ... it took them over a week to getting around to admitting that they were in fact out of stock and I would have to wait . Still waiting , in fact.I buy a lot of this stuff . And it 's expensive . And I 'm accustomed , throough working with other retailers , to it taking about 5 days to a week to get the box with the new bottle inside . And I do n't even mind waiting in some cases if I have the money to make two purchases in a mont ... AND THE STORE IS HONEST UPFRONT.Is `` That Fish Place '' being dishonest by saying IN STOCK when they 're not ? Who knows really whether it was an oversight . I only know it was my first and last time dealing with them on this particular product . Because a pond crash due to waiting too long for bacteria is too serious for me to risk dealing with someone I do n't know whether I can rely on them or not . You have to make that choice yourself .
 I bought this product to get rid of black ants in my house . It did not help at all . I even tried mixing it with sugar and placing it where the ants used to go , well they just do n't go anywhere close to it , it really looks like it repels the ants , instead of attracting them . I have not found yet a product that work for my ants , except the spray that kills them instantly -LRB- but I can not spray it in the kitchen , and I have ants all around the counter top , even if it is cleaned to perfection -RRB- .
 I have replaced two of these nozzles and am now on my third one that has stopped working . It has a poor design that causes the nozzle to be stuck on . You can hold the black button continuously or click the yellow button to lock it in place . The problem occurs when you go to unlock it , it gets stuck and will not release . I am replacing these with cheaper , higher quality nozzles .
 Much better versions out there , and it is always better to pay a little more and get the good one , then conserve , for a disposable model
 The only positive ... It had the brightest lights on any mower I 've used ... The good ends there ... This was the first Poulan product I have used and after being less than impressed I got on here to see that others have had similar experiences with the product line . I have always had Craftsman mowers and thought they were all built the same and worked the same . I rented this one from the local Aarons to get me through the rest of the mowing season because I planned on buying what I wanted in spring ... thinking if I liked this one I might just go ahead and buy it . I wo n't be . It feels CHEAP . I hate the jerky transmission , especially when you put it in a low gear , it does n't feel like it has hardly any power at all and straigns more than my $ 100 walmart pushmower on the same grass ... It just does n't stack up to what I 'm used to . I then discovered that Aaron 's keeps getting these back with blown or smoking engines ... -LRB- I should have known when after renting one they told me I had to resign on a different one because of mechanical issues . -RRB- Dad has a John Deer and loves it , the neighbor 's Kubota rocks , and I have always had good luck with Craftsman ... You get what you pay for and my money will be going to one of those most likely this spring . If I had of bought one of these instead of just renting it I would be severely ticked right now .
 The Poulan Pro 26 hp tractor has hydrostatic transmission . There is no adjustment capability on the linkage . I had to return my tractor after taking it to an approved repairman . The tractor did n't have enough power in reverse to go up the ramp on my trailer . The tractor may be acceptable if you are mowing flat areas and/or do n't anticipate going in reverse up hills . They should have designed the tractor such that the transmission linkage could be adjusted ... or made sure this problem did n't exist -LRB- When the repairman called the company they were aware of others having this problem -RRB- .
 I was very disappointed in the plants.They were only about 4 '' when they are delivered , Ok.Planted in new Miracle Grow soil and babied them Three months.Two have died , one is hanging on by a thread and one is starting to grow alittle.They were planted in large pots and protected but never seem to take off and grow properly.Never had a problem getting anything else to grow.If anybody knows of a better plan for these plants let me know.Would like to be able to grow them .
 Okay , I 'm sick and tired of the shipping and handling gouge . It 's abusive . We 're all too used to it . Check with local stores . You 'd have to live at the North Pole to make this item reasonably priced . Even then , I bet they 'd send it First Class .
 No way am I spending $ 8 to ship something that is overpriced in the first place . Seller could easily put the O-ring in a business envelope and ship for standard postage .
 Leaking roof design is characteristic of many Arrow outside steel storage products including mine . Roofs are steel with numerous holes and inadequate or short-lived solutions to prevent water leaks . This shed uses lapped steel siding for the roof and walls , with flimsy support beams outside as well as in . The lapped siding against the beam makes tapered gaps which can not be adequately sealed permanently . Prepare to build it and then coat the entire roof with reflective mobile home `` goop '' -- about 3-5 layers , and then be prepared to re-do the process every few years . Oh , and it wo n't look good with the goop , plus the extra expense . I 'm not sure why retailers keeps selling these , with all the complaints . Apparently the units are so expensive , together with being so incredibly time-consuming to assemble , that no one has the time or patience or humility to disassemble and return one ; so as far as Amazon and Home Depot , etc. know , these are great products !!! `` No one has returned one , '' right ?! A fool-proof racket if I ever saw one ! If other companies built stuff like this over the years , attorneys-general would step in . but how do you return a big steel shed ? Especially if you had to drill extra holes , etc. to assemble it . You probably `` did the damage yourself in assembly , '' they would claim . But if you look through their product line , comments like this keep appearing -- what are the odds of that many folks being inept at assembly ? And even if folks were , how come no one can tell them how to seal the roof and siding leaks after the fact ?! Consumer Reports should get hold of this company and send them back to the design drawing board.Buy a plastic one , or get plans and a kit from Menard 's or lumber yard , or frame up your own and side it and shingle it .
 City need to give authorization first !!!! need many accessory with , I really do n't recommend it.arrow Anchoring kit and floor frame kit
 I bought this as a gift , thinking I would be sending 3 birds -LRB- based on the picture and the item description -RRB- ... only 1 bird was received ... way to much to pay for a single bird - not happy ...
 You will see as soon as you add this to your tank that your fish are experiencing a great deal of trauma . They will become frantic , then slow down , clamp their fins then settle at the bottom for awhile . If you have mollies , they are particularly sensitive to these chemicals and are likely to become very ill or die . I firmly believe this product should be pulled from the market .
 Do not get into this mess , please ! You will never get to put it together . There are a million pieces , all so flimsy and breakable that by the time you start thinking you are progressing , you will find yourself in the middle of just trash .
 Just purchased this sensor assuming it would work with my existing Oregon Scientific Base station and another one I just ordered.Unfortunately this particular sensor -LRB- also sensors THR138 and THN138 -RRB- only work with older base stations running the `` 1.0 '' protocol -LRB- newer units run `` 2.1 '' -RRB- . Here is the list of base stations listed at the Oregon Scientific site that support this older sensor : BA928 BAR338PA BAR888NA EMR812 JMR828 JMR838WF JTR168LR RMR112So only order this sensor product if you have one of the above product numbers listed on your base station -LRB- unless you just want to use this as a standalone temperature sensor -RRB- The Oregon Scientific web site has a complete list in a PDF file as far as which sensors are supported by the various base base stations , so if you are n't sure , check out their site before ordering an additional sensor for your base station .
 Uses 4 batteries . 2 in indoor thermometer , 2 in outdoor thermometer . Will not work in cold weather
 I was mislead by the product description , as I thought I was buying a complete remote thermometer system . This unit does not include the receiver , so you have to buy a different device , such as Oregon Scientific EMR812 , EMR899 , RMR112 or BAR888 -LRB- $ 50 or higher -RRB- . The unit does have a local display in the sensor , so you can still use it as a CABLED thermometer .
 Suboptimal for travel because the display light can be too easily activated with resulting battery drain . The display failed after about two years . This happened while the clock was sitting on my night table and was not the result of mechanical impact .
 I purchased this item to replace a very tiny and easy to use travel alarm clock I have used for many years . I travel more than 100,000 miles a year , and began looking for something both relatively small but especially something easy to use . I did n't need a lot of bells , buzzers , and whistles . I received the clock and it appeared relatively straight forward . Trying it at home before traveling the clock re-adjusted time zones repeatedly . I seriously doubt my night stand is moving time zones , so this appeared to be the first glitch . After traveling to a near by city by air -LRB- within the same time zone -RRB- the clock simply died . It is less than a month old . I would suggest you look elsewhere and not consider something that has multiple issues .
 In the dark I nudged it off my 2ft high night stand onto a carpeted floor . The clock reset itself back to midnight with date 01/01 . The `` radio controlled '' feature is broken . Should be more robust look elsewhere .
 ... but setting the alarm on this clock was so counter-intuitive that I ca n't imagine doing it on a regular basis . The buttons are oddly situated so that every time I tried to set the alarm I would inadvertently reset the clock , which overrides the radio-set version and requires you to wait for it to reconnect with the atomic clock . Part of my problem was just that I could only get a moderate signal , but the clock took two full days to catch up with daylight savings time -- what use is a travel clock that takes two days to catch up with you?The clock emits an annoying buzzing sound that required me to keep it in a drawer in order to sleep . I used it for three weeks and during that time the alarm failed to go off at least half the time . I am sure I would have figured out the alarm eventually , but you know , at 11 p.m. when I have to get up the next morning , I do n't want to think about these things . I just want a clock that works and does not annoy me . I replaced this with a cheap Timex travel alarm and I am much happier now .
 I purchased this hose from a local Ace Hardware . I love the `` flat '' hose concept as I live in a townhouse and it 's more compact than a regular hose . I used to own one that I had purchased from Target probably 10 years ago ! While the Ace price was twice what I had previously paid for it , I felt that it would be worth it if I got another 10 years out of it . Within the first 30 days it sprung a leak . I 'm single , no kids so it was not abused in any way . I sent it back to the manufacturer per the instructions -LRB- cost me $ 17 to ship -RRB- on the packaging in Aug 2012 and am still waiting to even hear from them , let alone get my money back . NOT WORTH THE MONEY OR HASSLE !
 I have the main unit and 3 remotes to monitor temperatures in my greenhouse and garden area . The unit is very handy for monitoring high and low temperatures and has high and low alarms to let you know when limits are exceeded . I am disappointed in the quality . The hygrometer in the main unit always reads 9-10 % humidity from the day I started using it . -LRB- I know this is not the case as I live in a very humid area . -RRB- The remote units began to fail after 2 years of use . For some reason their signal is no longer received by the main unit even within a foot of each other and both with new batteries . Also , even when the units were working properly , sometimes the signal would fail to reach the main unit for periods .
 I tested the Oregon Scientific BAR913 -LRB- basestation -RRB- and THRG268 remote sensor against a calibrated thermometer/hygrometer at work in a controlled lab environment.The actual RH was 55 % , while the basestation indicated 45 % -LRB- close enough -RRB- and the THGR268 indicated 26 % -LRB- this is so inaccurate as to be useless -RRB- . Both indicated a temperature within a few degrees of the correct value , which is quite acceptable.Since others indicate their unit is accurate , it seems it 's luck of the draw whether you 'll get a unit that measures humidity accurately.This is likely due to tolerances in the humidity sensor and associated circuit elements . Unfortunately there is no provision to calibrate these units . A simple variable resistor would have made that possible .
 This is not a terrible clock , but it would not project onto the ceiling above the bed . I returned it and bought one that would from Hammacher Schlemmer .
 Set up of this clock is difficult because of the lack of visual information in the `` how to '' pamphlet that comes with it . The atomic clock has not functioned since I got it and I have to set it manually . The led projection is not bright enough and the numbers are too small . Sorry I bought it .
 I had one of these clocks about 7 years ago and loved it -LRB- and accidentally dropped it and broke it -RRB- . So I ordered this one so I could easily see what time it was by just looking up at the ceiling . This model just was n't the same . I could n't get the projection to enlarge well enough for me to see the time on the ceiling . I also did n't like that I could n't see the time without hitting snooze so it would light up long enough to see the time . I 'm going to research and see if they still sale the older model and order it . I also ordered one for my 80 year old parents for a Christmas gift and they had the same complaint . But the return process was wonderful and I quickly got credit .
 The projection on the ceiling is much to small . I have to put my glasses on to read the numbers . Larger numbers would have been satisfactory.I bought this to use in a bedroom at night . It just did not do what it was purchased for .
 This unit would be SO COOL if it worked . But after the return period , mine stopped working , OS product support was useless to repair/replace . This is n't the first time I 've had problems with OS products . I would avoid any of them if I were you . This company should give you `` stars '' back . This is a -1 star product and company .
 Had a projection clock from Oregon Scientific for 5-6 years , which was great . Therefore this product is very disappointing because of the following .1 -RRB- The light is very low so you can barely see the time displayed on the ceiling even when the room is completely dark .2 -RRB- The image is very small .3 -RRB- The image can not be rotated so when you have the unit on your nightstand the image is not displayed straight above the bed .
 Unlike some other Oregon Scientific projection clocks , the projection of this model is relatively `` dark '' . Only about 50 % brightness than other OS 's popular models ; the size of the digits are also smaller . Unless your ceiling is less than 10 feel tall and the room is very drak , otherwise please do consider other models .
 Simply put , the projection is worthless
 For the amount you are paying , I 'm not sure it is worth it . You might as well shell out a little more for a clock you can really be happy with . I have 2 gripes about this clock . The backlit is not a pleasant blue glow but a sickly greenish-yellow ; since there is no setting to keep the backlight on , you need to press the snooze button to get it to light up . Second of all , if you are lying down with the clock facing you the projection on the ceiling is perpendicular to you so you either have to get used to it or turn your head sideways to read the time . The atomic clock does its thing , mine set itself after 5 min . I could also read the display on the ceiling well enough . No problems with clarity there just wish it was right side up . Now that I have done more looking around you can actually just pay 20 something dollars for basically the same product with LaCrosse , therefore I would say this product is overpriced .
 The clock 's LCD display can not be read from across the room during daytime or even with an overhead light on in the evening.This could be corrected if the light that illuminates the clock face had an option to remain on . Currently , one hits the bar on the top of the clock and the clock face is illuminated for 5 seconds and then the light turns off . The second option would be to replace the LCD with an LED readout.Also , when using the projection feature the display is clearly visible , but it is reversed/upside down . One has to turn the clock almost backwards to get a correct view of the time on the ceiling .
 I have several Oregon Scientific Atomic projection clocks and rely on the projected time on the ceiling . When my last one quit projecting , I ordered this as a replacement . While it looks identical to my older Oregon Scientific clocks - the projection is indeed very small . It is at least 1/3 the size of my original clocks . Very hard to see . The other functions of the clock work great - but the projection is way too small and can not be rotated or adjusted like the older clocks . I ended up taking one of my originals from a guest room and replacing it with this new clock . If you do n't care about the projection , the clock is great .
 Tiny little blurry numbers projected onto the ceiling and NO 90-degree rotation -LRB- even thought it clearly says there is one in the description -RRB- . I 've had an older version Oregon Scientific Clock for years and this new one does n't come close .
 A few years ago , Oregon Scientific must have `` updated '' the model RM318PA . We have one of the older ones , and it 's great . This newer one is complete junk . Relative to the oder RM318PA , this new one : - the projection can not be rotated or flipped ! So if you set it up next to your bed to project on the ceiling , the numbers are sideways ! - the projected numbers are half the size of the old model , and hard to read-the atomic radio is very weak , it could n't find a signal after 30 minutes . The old one usually took only a minute or two.Save your time and buy a different clock . This one went back to amazon .
 clock projection is very weak and small , almost invisible in the darkwould not recommend buying this product.Had different model from same manufacture ... that still works great .
 The unit does not dislay the time and temperature correctly . I am working with Oregon Scientific to fix the problem .
 I had an older Oregon Scientific projection clock that worked great . No matter where the clock was you could rotate the time on the ceiling so it could be read in bed . This clock you can not rotate the display , so position the clock is critical if you want to read it on the ceiling . Also you ca n't adjust the size , too small and not very bright . Very disappointed with this
 Do not buy this product if you live in Arizona since there is no daylight savings time in this state . The ATOMIC CLOCK keeps resetting the time whenever contact is made with the control center in Denver when the rest of the country is on daylight savings time . Also the projection on a VAULTED ceiling is non existant . Thirdly , the face of the clock is too hard to read in the dark . I returned this to the supplier and my credit was returned promptly .
 Projection light was not bright enough to see clearly . Previous projection clocks were very bright and clear.All the other features were accepable .
 Not bright enough or big enough ... : -LRB- I had hoped this would be a larger font and brighter . I can not see it without my contacts in .
 The projection on this item is not clear . The light perhaps needs to be brighter . The only time I can see the time is when the room is dark . The other one I had was much better . The projection was larger and I could read it in the day time . I would not suggest this clock to anyone . I would rather have one like the one I had before .
 A very poorly designed product - time is difficult to read in the light -LRB- it does n't light up -RRB- and projected time is so small I can barely make it out . Would never buy it again .
 This clock is a piece of junk ! Light is very weak ! Will not run on the adaptor ! The light on switch is shaky !
 This is a nice looking clock but it has design flaws as noted by other users . The close layout of buttons is hard to use and the small base allows the clock to tip over when trying to adjust the settings or alarm . It keeps accurate time just fine through the atomic link , but sometimes the clock will reset itself to 12:00 and then take several hours to correct itself to the proper local time . Unfortunately , the red projection display has a short life expectancy as it will go out after about a year and there is no way to replace the bulb , LED , or laser -LRB- not sure what is used -RRB- that emits the light source . This is the second OS projection clock that I have owned , and both had projection lights that `` died '' after about a year . Due to these flaws , I ca n't recommend this product . Oregon Scientific commands relatively high prices for their products , but just does n't deliver the quality you would expect .
 The projected image from this clock is too dim and too small to be comfortably read . I would not purchase this particular clock again . I bought Oregon based on prior satisfaction with their products .
 You try to turn off the alarm in the dark and trying to find the button , the clock falls down because its base is small and the shape is slim . Hard to make it stand while trying to push a button.Buttons are all in one row and feels the same . Push a wrong button and it will change from Estern time to Pacific time by mistake . And it will wake you up in Pacific time.Oregon scientific probably has no idea about the problem with design . It looks good . When you actually use it , you hate it .
 The actual article that arrived seems to be six years old . The manual is very limited , and I had a problem with the orientation of the display . Both the customer support phone number and the website were no longer active . After I found a site via Google for Oregon Scientific , I attempted to tell them about my problem . To do so they demanded that I provide the UPC code from the package . After digging that out of the trash , I submitted my request , only to receive an email from them a few minutes later stating `` Action failed ... access denied '' !!!!!!!! The clock is worthless crap ! Their customer is worse than non-existent - it is insulting and time wasting . This junk is going back just as soon as I can get it to the Post Office !
 This is my third Oregon Scientific projection clock so I had few misgivings even after reading some negative customer reviews . I was so mistaken for not taking heed ! This is a terrible product . First , the project effect is minimal and impossible to see because there is ZERO magnification . Also , the clock and alarm settings are not intuitive at all and it makes using them frustrating . I wish I had kept the receipt and returned it but I am just going to put it in a spare bedroom and try to find a projection clock that actually projects with some sort of magnification so I can SEE the time at night on my ceiling or wall as I intended .
 Although the ExactSet Projection Clock keeps excellent time and is easy to operate , there are some difficulties I 'm experiencing with the product . The display is very dark and difficult to read , and the projection is not only small and dim -LRB- disappearing when there is any other light source in the room -RRB- , but is upside down and backwards . I have very poor eyesight and wear glasses , and to read the clock without my glasses on , I have to pick it up and hold it about 6 inches in front of my face . Without my glasses , I can not even see the projected time . And the alarm is fairly quiet and shuts off after 2 minutes . I tend to sleep right through it . Even though I realize most of these problems are subjective , I have to mark down this purchase as a failed experiment . Luckily , it was fairly inexpensive .
 Placed this unit on Grandmas table and her ceiling is 8 feet high , The clock displayed on the wall at least than 3/4 in . Can not see in the light and can not see at night unless you stand up and look at it when your only tow three feet from it . TOTAL WASTE OF YOUR MONEY
 I bought three of these clocks a couple of years ago for my husband and two sons . The housing is cheap , thin plastic and the unit has no substantial weight or balance to it ; so it falls over with the slightest knock or vibration to whatever it 's sitting on . The first thing to go on all of these units was obviously the projection component . When it worked , it was pretty nice and easy to read . But as I said , the whole unit is so cheap you can almost hear rattling pieces inside the housing.Anyway , paying almost $ 300 for the three clocks and then getting a cheap product turned me off from buying anything more from Oregon Scientific . The idea was great , but it was a huge waste of money in the end .
 I recently purchased this ... and much to my surprise , it arrived with weak batteries , I never even got one salinity check . It did have batteries as the lcd display flashed numbers . I contacted Oregon Scientific and requested that they delivery more batteries ; they would not.I expect to get some life out of a newly purchased product and I 'd think that Oregon Scientific would either deliver a functioning product or say batteries needed .
 Batteries were dead at time of purchase . Replaced batteries and still could only get a temperature reading , not a salinity reading . If I could give this zero stars , I would ...
 Bought this item as a replacement one which lasted 6 months . The one prior to that had given me over 2 years of reliable temperature indication . So I thought the prior one was a fluke . I was wrong !! It seems that the new one is the norm.This new one lasted 10 weeks . The temperature indicator indicates 32 degrees when immersed in water . When the probe is taken outside of the water the indication is correct . It appears that there is something wrong with the probe.Since it is over 30 days since I purchased it from Amazon , I can not return it.Talking to Oregon Scientific would be a waste of time since I did not buy it from them . Will go back to the normal pool thermometer .
 I 'm returning this product . Beware of the 90 ft range claim . I put the outdoor unit in a window between the glass and the screen and about 25 feet away from the indoor unit , one room away . There 's one interior brick wall with an open door in between the two units . The indoor unit is unable to pick up the signal from the outdoor unit . This is simply a poorly perfroming product as I had another brand of indoor/outdoor thermometer set up identically and there was no such problem . I give it 2 stars only because I like the large digital readout .
 I have two units and two sensors . I thought they would all be compatible . I just received this sensor yesterday and find it works alone , but is n't compatible with my units . I wish I had checked this out more carefully before I purchased it .
 I received this item four hours ago , and the temperature on the main unit and the remote unit are still four degrees apart , and the units are one inch apart on the table . I just waited on the phone for over an hour to speak to a representative of Oregon Scientific , who confirmed that the two units may never be in sync . A four-degree difference is acceptable to their standards , but it is not acceptable to me , not to mention the terrible customer service that this company has provided to me . I will be returning the item to Amazon .
 I 'm sorry but that 's just completely unacceptable . I can understand old units not talking to new sensors but there is NO excuse for new units not talking to old sensors . That 's just orgeon scientific trying to make us buy new sensors . That 'll do it for me - I have two units that I 've been very happy with and was going to add one of those fancy weather stations - until I read that NONE of my sensors will work with it . No way . Just lost a customer .
 I looked around for a pedometer for awhile , and coudl n't find a definitive review on any of them . This one is just okay . I guess it works okay , although it seems it might overestimate a little . The pulse thing is just okay . My battery falls out too easily . I got mine on sale , so I 'm not too worried about it . It was interesting to see how much I walk on a typical day .
 This pedometer was fantastic for the one week that I owned and used it . My only complaint was that it was hard to get it open . Well , that problem was solved when the latch broke altogether ! Now it 's useless and will be thrown in the garbage . Do n't waste your money .
 Do n't waste your money on this piece of cheap plastic . It only worked for about two days . Then the readings became meaningless . For example , I 'll walk for one hour and will indicate that I have taken 28 steps .
 I bought this pedometer and I usually read all reviews on amazon before I buy things . I do n't know if nobody had reviewed it when I purchased it or what because I would not have bought it with all those bad reviews . Anyway ... I have not had accurate readings with this pedometer . It might be because I run with it instead of walk but even when trying to test it around the house walking it does not seem acurate . I have also e-mailed the company several times from their web site with no response yet . I also agree with it being hard to open the cover . when you are running and want to look at your progress it is almost impossible to open the cover without messing up the reading -LRB- That is inaccurate anyway so what does it matter -RRB-
 On the operation manual everything is metric , is false , on my pedometer every is Emperial.Pulse meter does not work .
 I was extremely disappointed in this pedometer . It was never accurate in distance or steps ; sometimes it would n't register any distance at all even though the timer was working . I tried several stride settings and sensitivity settings , but it never worked right . Also , the blue backlight died after just 2 days . I am planning to return it because it is absolutely worthless as a pedometer . The only function that worked right was the clock and the timer , and I can use my wristwatch for that !
 It was great at tracking my steps , it was great at taking my pulse very easily , and it stayed securely to my waist . However , after about a month , the battery cover came off unbeknownst to me . So the unit is useless now . The only other problem I had with it was that the cover was extremely stiff to open . If I wanted to check my steps , I would usually think twice because it was a major event to try and open it.Now I need a new one , and I 'm not sure I 'll buy another one of these ...
 While I found the device fairly accurate - the hinged back broke over after about 3 months -LRB- just when the warranty runs out -RRB- it is plastic and on the flimsy side . I will check first , when I replace this.Without the proper mounts on the back , the device is essentially worthless .
 When I began to get serious about getting back in shape , I read the usual assortment of exercise books . They all emphasized the need to exercise in the aerobic zone -LRB- typically defined as being between 60 % and 85 % of your age adjusted maximum safe heartrate -RRB- if you want to burn fat . I was never very good at taking my pulse and figured that this little gadget would be the perfect tool to check my heartrate , especially since I was planning to do a lot of walking , where the pedometer would come in handy . One problem
 Cover broke after 3 months ; the battery falls out too way to easy.It 's a bad engineering design . Customer service has a backlog of cover replacements . It is plastic and its on the flimsy side , the device is essentially worthless and now my unit is sitting on my desk gathering dust now.I had called , wrote and emailed customer service numerous times for months with no response . I 'm sure I 'll buy never buy another one of these or any products made by/from Oregon Scientific the way they treat their customer base.Recommendations
 It 's tiny ... it 's fragile ... it 's not terribly accurate.Buyer beware .
 I received one of these as a gift , and immediately came across the problems highlighted in the product reviews above . I never knew about these reviews until I came across them while trying to find out how to return this gift -LRB- so at least some good came out of it -RRB- When you close the lid , it is almost impossible to open the lid without damaging the unit . The plastic shell is a very poor design , and I hold little hope of a replacemet unit solving the problem
 I bought this instrument to measure temps in my wellhouse , which is about 70 ft. from my living room . This thermometer uses 433 MHz . technology , which makes it way overpriced , considering I have purchased 2.4 GHz . instruments ... BR > About a week after I set this up , the main unit stopped displaying the outside temp . I replaced the batteries in both , and repositioned the remote unit . This worked for a short while ... . I have yet to figure out why the main unit ca n't seem to hold an outside temperature reading , even at a seemingly short range ...
 I read the reviews before I bought this product.I was hoping to use it to increase my exercise level.It wore it for several days , and yes , it IS lightand easy to use ; however , I noticed it was sayingI was doing a LOT more walking than I thought . SoI finally tested it . I walked 25 steps . It said 24 . Not bad , right ? Well , then I set it on a table andleft it there . There was NO MOVEMENT at all , noearthquakes , etc. yet several hours later it said Ihad taken 236 steps ! It seems to ` add ' steps overtime , regardless of whether or not you actually tookthem . Was very very disappointed . DO N'T WASTEYOUR MONEY .
 The price of this product is what sold me comparing to other pedometers . I bought it being aware of the problems other reviewers have stated . The `` happiness '' ratio seems about 40 % at best . The thumb clip has been problematic but you can work around it . But is that what you want in a product ? The biggest flaw I have found is in its accuracy . After several tests of 50 steps the unit averaged being `` off '' by being over 40 steps ... on the lowest sensitivity . Disappointing . I would n't mind it being off by being under because I would exercising more and thats good . But this way I feel like its cheating me at the cost of my health . I will continue to use this unit but I will be on the lookout for a new unit . I can not make a recomendation for this product .
 It sounded like a good idea ... Perhaps a higher-end model would work better - but this one felt awkward and performed `` cheaply '' . The poor design made it difficult to open and adjust . I put it on once to test it and it seemed to be somewhat accurate in step counting with only small error . Before I got a chance to read the directions to try other options -LRB- something I have never had to do with what I would have thought to be much more compicated equipment -RRB- it got some moisture in it and stopped working completely . Into the junk drawer with other quickly dimmed bright ideas . A nice idea , poor execution .
 This Oregon Scientific Pedometer is very inaccurate and a waste of money even at the cheap price . There is no point to even considering `` saving money '' when it comes to pedometers if the count is going to be almost arbitrary .
 Unlike another reviewer whose review I read , I found this pedometer to be inaccurate . It indicates many more steps than I actually take and is off by over a tenth of a mile in distance walked . I was especially disappointed when I learned that a friend and his fiance had purchased a different pedometer -LRB- for the same price as I paid for this one -RRB- that records their steps and distance travelled extremely accurately , even though they are completely different in height/weight characteristics . Moreover , theirs has a `` talking '' feature which tells them how many steps they have taken , etc. . And , it looks nicer , with a black and silver case .
 Others have indicated that their pedometer would ` count ' on its own when sitting on a table ... well mine did too !! I packed it back up as soon as I opened it and mailed it back today for a refund !! Also counts steps when you open and close the cover . Try another product .
 I decided to purchase this item even though several reviews spoke of difficulty with this pedometer . The extremes of the reviews , from 5 stars to 1 had me wondering if a few people just got a `` lemon '' OK - please listen to ME ! It IS a waste of money . It IS difficult to open . It DOES NOT calculate correctly . I walk 10 steps and the readout varies from 14 to 256 ! I did reset , I did put the sensitivity button all the way to the left . It just is not a good item . Save time and choose another model/maker . I am returning mine .
 This product was never reliable . The battery did not fit properly and would lose contact .
 The unit I received did n't keep accurate time and was too sensitive even with the slider all the way to least sensitive . Pros = unit was light and easy to read with a good backlight.Cons = Info I was reading wsa wrong !
 Having a pedometer is fantastic , and definitely inspired me to make sure I was more active . However , this product is not up to snuff . The first one I ordered was next to impossible to open , and returned to Amazon within a day . The replacement I received worked fine , and then stopped working completely after 2 weeks . I have decided to research pedometers and find a good working model that will work consistently for a reasonable amount of time .
 I ordered 24 pedometers for a weight management class that I teach . 3/4 of the pedometers do not work correctly . The majority overestimate steps taken . A few froze and will not work at all . My group is very disappointed in the quality and has requested that I return them . I have used other pedomters in the past for my groups -LRB- America on the Move pedometers -RRB- and have had no problems .
 I 've got blisters on my thumb from trying to open this pedometer.I have suspicions that it is n't really accurate , but I ca n't tellbecause I ca n't get the thing open . -LRB- I 'd like to check it severaltimes a day , but my thumb hurts . Ouch ! -RRB-
 Well I was all ready to give this product a decent review but ends up it is n't worth it . It is hard to open but I can live with that . Some of the buttons are not that responsive as you ca n't flip back and forth from distance to steps to calories that easy . It seems not to like that very much . However it was doing the job . I tested it out several times and it was only off by a couple of steps on each test . On average though it was very accurate . No phantom steps and no counting while i was sitting . I would test 100 steps at a time and it came within 1-5 steps . This made me happy as this is what I bought it for . So why only 2 stars ? Well as soon as it reached 1000 steps the readout went extremely dim . I switched modes and it was fine but when I went back to steps it was dim again . I reset it to 0 and it was ok again . I ran a few tests and each time it went over 999 it dimmed out to a point where I could n't tell what the numbers were . did I walk 2340 steps or 3246 steps ? Now that is a big difference . Now put that big issue with the smaller ones and this product just does n't cut it . Too bad because it was accurate , light , and compact . I 'm taking it back and trying another product . With all the other bad reviews the chances of you picking a good one looks 50/50 . This company has to really look at this product because selling something with a track record like this is not right .
 This pedometer was horrible , and I returned it to Amazon -LRB- which was a painless process , by the way -RRB- . I noticed a problem when I took off the pedometer and put it on my nightstand at night -LRB- and then cleared the steps -RRB- - and woke up in the morning to have 100 + steps ! The pedometer never moved but steps were added . I counted out my steps on the way to work one morning , and it was off by 20 % . Very unreliable product , in my experience at least .
 The first one lasted a day , one day and when it fell out of my hand while I was passing it to someone to wear , it D-I-E-D . The second one -LRB- totally great return policy Amazon ! -RRB- was taken care of as if it were fragile crystal . It lasted 6 weeks before it also found it timely demise upon hitting the floor.I think the concept is remarkable , the tool itself is fabulous , it really does count steps with great accuracy , but it is not durable at all . I am sadly disappointed .
 I found this pedometer was not everything I expected . The pedometer does not fit on pants well , and mine actually broke when it fell off my pants onto carpet . I will try replacing the batteries , but as of now , I am not pleased .
 This pedometer is so much cheaper -LRB- ~ $ 7 -RRB- than the typical decent ones -LRB- that go for about $ 18 - $ 20 -RRB- . . now I know it is for a reason . . the buttons are flimsy , the package looks very cheap , the one I bought and presented to a senior citizen - did not work , also found that the Sr Citizen found it very hard to use the buttons on this little device . . terrible ergonomics/form factor.Would recommend spending a bit more and getting the Omron/Oregon Sc $ 18 pedometers - much better form factor , high reliability and quality .
 This little thing was perfect in size , but not sound . Every step I took , it made some type of clicking noise . I stopped wearing it shortly afterward because the noise was making me crazy !
 This was a very inferior product . I teach Pilates to young women between 35-40 years of age . They are very health-conscious and would use a quality product on a daily basis . This product was not sturdy , kept falling off with minimum exertion , and it was very difficult to follow the directions . I would not recommend this to anyone !
 I 'm not sure just how accurate this pedometer is . I 've been SITTING in front of my computer since I put it on and it reads 141 steps so far and I have it on the lowest sensitivity level.More importantly , the tip of my right thumb is killing me from wrestling with the lid to get it open . The release button does n't push in and release anything . You auctually have to use your thumb to pry it open.I will try using it tomorrow without closing the lid , but this seems to be a bit ridiculous.Oh , It now reads 148 steps ...
 Pros
 I ordered this product because of the great reviews that I read about it online . Once it was delivered , however , I was extremely disappointed with the purchase . First of all , I find it very hard to open . It requires a lot of force and is even more awkward to open when it is placed on a waistband -LRB- versus just holding it in your hands -RRB- . I was also surprised that , not only is there no way to turn it off - it is constantly on and wasting batteries , but after leaving it on my dresser overnight I woke up to find out that it had walked 27 steps on its own while I was sleeping ! Pretty amazing , huh ? I am very disappointed in this product and surprised by all of the other reviews . Hopefully this one is just defective !
 I love using a pedometer and recommend the simplicity and ease of use of this OS model ... However , after buying many for friends and family I have to note the calibration is highly inconsistent . My husband kept bragging he was doing between 20,000 and 30,000 steps every day and I could n't figure out how since I have a hard time getting in 10,000 steps a day without including a daily cardio workout . I wore both pedometers for a few days with the same settings and his is calculating 3X the steps as mine . I later learned a pedometer I had given as a gift was also over counting steps as well . Also the newer models are very difficult to open .
 I threw it out the window , ran over it with my car , beat it with a hammer , put it down the garbage grinder and it just will not cease to exist . Sure , it does n't work anymore ... but it never did ! The thing would add a hundred steps if I just looked at it the wrong way . If I actually tried to use it while walking , it informed me that I had travelled to the moon and back while driving over to get a take-out pizza . Listen , a lot of reviewers seem to be excusing the shabbiness of the product by extolling its price . In that case , yeah , the rock I found on the beach does n't keep very good time but you ca n't beat the price ! I mean listen , people , if you are happy with a pedometer mostly because you paid little for it , you need to admit that you are just a cheapskate . If you are not interested in accuracy , why measure at all ? And pedometers are notoriously inaccurate , despite what their manufacturers would have you believe . For one thing , you can blow me with that stride length malarkey . A person 's stride length is in a state of flux and is especially not well represented by the stiff , self-conscious steps you take when you are trying to determine your stride length . Ever hear of the Heisenberg uncertainty principle , baby doll ? Well , I do n't wan na get too technical on you . The whole pedometer concept is for the birds , you dig ? If you cheapskates are serious about measuring distance , why do n't you open that wallet that makes a sound like a creaking door in an old horror movie and bats fly out of it and once you have cleared away the cobwebs , take out your credit card and place an order for a Polar or Nike SDM . That 's Speed and Distance Monitor . These are accurate to 97 % even without calibration . But , oh , prepare yourself for a coronary
 Only shows outside temp whenever it feels like it . Remote unit is only 50 feet away and in line of sight , but still dos n't want to work . Outside temp reads 8 to 10 degrees cooler than my other thermometers.Very unhappy with it .
 I ordered 2 of these thermometers with remote sensors . I put the 2 remotesensors together outside . alsong with a mecury thermometer . The 2 sensors were 6.3 degrees different from one another and neither one matched the mecury thermometer . The inside temperature was 2.5 degrees off from one unit to anotherVery dissapointed .
 NOT SO GOOD TRANSMITTER & RECEIVER WORKED FINE FOR ABOUT A WEEK . THEN TRANSMITTER SHUT DOWN . NEW BATTERY , TWICE , MADE NO DIFFERENCE . UNABLE TO FIND A PATH TO CONTACT AMAZON . DID FIND A PATH AT OREGON SCIENTIFIC WHICH PROMISED A RESPONSE WITHIN 4 DAYS . BEEN 2 WEEKS NOW AND NO RESPONSE FROM THEM . RECEIVER STILL WORKS FINE BUT GIVES ONLY INDOOR TEMP . TRANSMITTER WAS IN SHELTERED SPOT AND SUFFERED NO DAMAGE OTHER THAN ZOMKING OUT.BAD EXPERIENCE WITH BOTH COMPANIES
 Terrible experience - very innacurate readings , unreliable and now the remote only works sporadically . I will never buy Oregon Scientific again . I have two other indoor/outdoor thermometers that read temperature within 1.5 degrees -LRB- F -RRB- from each other . I decided to upgrade to this wireless unit . What a waste of money . The indoor temperature is 3 degrees off the average of my other two thermometers , and the outdoor is an amazing 6 degrees off ! Worse , the main unit only sporadically reads the outside unit , which is only a few feet away . Do not waste your money on this unit .
 Simply does not work well . Often loses signal at ranges of greater than 5 feet . When it does receive signal , the temp . on the remote transmitter and the the main unit -LRB- receiving the signal on channel 1 -RRB- are inexplicably different.Leaving remote unit and main unit side by side , I see a difference of 1 to 1.5 degrees between remote and main unit .
 I have owned two of these units . They both worked for a while -LRB- until the warranty ran out -RRB- and both failed . Both units will no longer display the outdoor temperture . Oregeon Scientific technical support was of no help .
 100 ' ha ! I have it 10 ' and 1 wall away from the remote and it dose n't work most of the time . Besides that I 'm happy with it .
 This product is lame . Half the time I receive the flat line bars and the remote unit is 5 feet away separated by a single pane of glass . I have the pix to prove it . Tech support was worthless and told me they did not have a replacement to send me ! They said contact Amazon ! Shame on Amazon for carrying products from Oregon Scientific . My next stop is the Better Business Bureau .
 This seemed like a great idea , but then I learned from the instructions that you are not supposed to place the remote unit outdoors in the weather ! What good is an outdoor thermometer that ca n't get rained on ? Then , perhaps because I placed it in the weather anyway , the remote unit completely stopped functioning after only a few weeks . A total non-starter iin my opinion .
 We have had several mornings where the temperature has been well below zero however the Oregon Scientific Cable-Free Thermometer has never displayed a minus sign . Can it even display negative temperatures ? The remote unit is attachd to an ourdoor shed which is several feet from the house . When both units are put side by side I 've seen the temperatures displayed nearly 2 degrees apart at times . Not impressed thus far .
 Bought two of the wired version of this thermometer . Both ended their useful lives when the display -LRB- which looks pretty much like this one 's -RRB- started dropping segments of the digits . They spent their lives attached to an indoor wall , so they pretty much just stopped working . I got a few years out of each of them but this sort of device should last much longer than that . I liked the big display so much that I was willing to given them the benefit of the doubt on the first one ; however , I doubt I 'll be buying a third one or any other Oregon Scientific device .
 The title of this review pretty much says it all.Purchased new with fresh batteries yet the main unitwas never able to receive a signal from the sensor . Noteven a 1/2 inch away!Garbage ! Do n't waste your $ $ $ on this one .
 In the product features , it says
 This is a totally worthless device . The base station will not display a temperature at anything over 3 ' from the remote sensor ... and that 's line of sight through a plate glass window . There are no other electronics in the area and the batteries are fresh . I 've followed the directions to reinsert the batteries and reset both devices , but to no avail . You can not get any help from Oregon Scientific because there is no means to contact a real support person ... only a FAQ page . Do not waste your money on this piece of junk !
 I purchased this thermometer to replace a more elaborate La Crosse unit that I have had for several years . One of the main reasons I purchased it was the claimed range of 330 feet . When I installed it the receiver lost contact with the transmitter almost immediately . I do have steel siding on my house but the La Crosse has worked in the same location and the transmitter and receiver are literally on opposite sides of the same wall . If metal house siding precludes use of this thermometer I think that should be stated in the literature . I ended up returning returning the unit . Because of Amazon 's great return policy I was out only time and effort .
 I 'm with M. Carstensen . The remote works only when within 10-15 feet of the base unit , not interference sources near , and through one wood wall . Beyond that , forget it . A rather poor range for the cost . This experience suggests Oregon Scientific is n't reliable -- or truthful -- when they claim up to 100 feet range . Email for help to Oregon Scientific customer service got no response . Save your money .
 This was a waste of money . It was a little more expensive than my first model of pedometer but seemed to have some good features . Unfortunately , the step counter was completely inaccurate . It would rack up hundreds of steps while I was sitting at my desk . It would reset itself about two or three times per use . I had to check it every 20 minutes or so and try to keep a running total in my head in case it `` reset '' itself . I was so frustrated with the inaccuracy of the thing , I finally tossed it .
 This pedometer requires 3 batteries to operate . It takes 2 LR43 batteries and 1-12 volt battery . It comes with the batteries initially , but the replacement batteries are n't easy to find . I had success at an ` all batteries ' store .
 I totally agree with a previous reviewer - it counts movements when there are none , continually , and keeps resetting the total , over and over . I bought this one for the safety cord because I kept dropping the Sportline 360 which I love otherwise but I have broken -LRB- 3 -RRB- and lost -LRB- 1 -RRB- . Needless to say , the cord is useless because I no longer bother to use it at all . A huge disappointment .
 To my great disappointment this gadget is a real hassle to use -- it frequently `` resets '' itself and the alarm is not well designed for any practical use in an emergency . Not recommended !
 My husband purchased the Pedometer with FM radio for me . I loved it and used it non-stop for about a week . After a week the battery case top fell off so I could not keep the batteries in . The FM radio worked only once - I thought I had a short in the headset . Good idea but really did not perform/last for the money .
 Although it kept time -LRB- which indicates the batteries were good -RRB- this did n't work the first day I used it . It worked the second day . It stopped working by the third day AND the battery cover broke off sometime during the day and was lost . This was a complete waste of $ 19 .
 This was a piece of JUNK . Neither my husband nor I could ever get it set correctly -- we wound up throwing it away , going to Target and buying one of their 10,000-Steps pedometer . THAT works great .
 The radio actually never worked on this pedometer , which was OK as that was really an ` added bonus ' . However the pedometer itself has stopped working after two months of use . It has n't been dropped , it has n't got wet ... it has just stopped . Perhaps it is the batteries , but it 's such a plastic , little toy , I do n't want to waste the money on buying new batteries . You get what you pay for .
 This is the second one of these I 've owned ... my first one the screen went blank after about a month and a half ... not an uncommon problem with this , I can see reading the other reviews ... But I thought maybe it was just a problem with that particular pedometer , so I bought a second one ... Big mistake!As far as the radio , what a piece of crap . I live about 20 minuters ' drive from downtown Houston ... maybe there are too many radio stations around here . It just wo n't lock on to anything , not even the strongest stations . Tons of static and stations fading in and out . I bought a pedometer with a radio because I wanted a radio while I walked . If you 're selling a pedometer with a radio , the radio should work.I would give this 0 stars if I could .
 I bought this a few months ago and I was pretty disappointed . It does n't say anywhere in the instructions what all of those numbers mean . I have emailed and called the Oregon Scientific Customer Service office and they have not yet responded . I still have lots of weight that I need to lose . I am especially heavy up top and am impatient about getting rid of my manb -- bs . The radio is good , though , so I gave this one star .
 This product is worthless . Save yourself the hassle and frustration of trying to get the radio and readouts to work and buy something else.I 've never been able to get the radio to work properly and the counters have gone blank . I 'm really surprised that Amazon continues to sell this item with such terrible reviews continuing to come in .
 Pedometer part is fine . Radio part is useless .
 This is a very expensive pillbox being represented as a pulse meter . It is impossible to get your finger positioned over the sensor so that it will take your pulse accurately . Approximately 50 attempts have yielded not one useful pulse reading .
 The end connectors on this hose only have an interior deminsion of 1/2 '' ; therefore , the flow rate will not be a great as a true 5/8 '' hose . There are hoses available with the correct end connection sizes . I returned this hose .
 The hose looked good but it has failed in about 3 months of gentle , daily use around our boat . Its construction is far too light and it kinks easily . The last few ft. of hose -LRB- from the inside of the coil , near the male end -RRB- were badly kinked and crushed when it arrived . It has now developed a bulge with a pinpoint leak right near the outlet fitting . Should have spent the small additional amount and gotten the better `` never kink '' drinking-water hose from West Marine . This Gilmour is , unfortunately , junk .
 Despite what other reviewers say , this hose is not safe to drink from . It states right on the back side of the packaging , `` Note
 This is my second one to have the female end -LRB- the end that attaches to the tap -RRB- come apart . The first took a week to fail and was replaced by Amazon . The second is failing after 3 months . This hose is used very lightly , mostly not pulled out at all . It would seem that the fittings are not properly crimped or otherwise attached . I will probably just replace the fitting myself as the manufacture does not seem competent to deal with it .
 I wanted this item so much but the deal was n't done . I never got the item but thanks to the good communication from the seller.Edit
 The tool bent on the second hole ... first hole was sand , and the second , sticky clay.One side of the diggers bent and twisted ... all steel construction ? Wtf?In addition to poor quality , the diggers have a weak design . The pivot is too far from the blade tip ... it 's hard to close , and you do n't get a full scoop.Complete trash , if you ask me .
 According to most of the reviews of these posthole diggers , they are the best there is . The ad claims they are factory sharpened to make digging easy . Well , this is pretty far from the truth . The ones I received were pretty dull , the ends had about a 3mm rounded end , which did n't dig very well at all , so I sent them back . If they were as sharp as a shovel , they would probably work pretty good .
 Unfortunatly I never got to use these post hole diggers . They arrived broken . I immediatly contacted Amazon who sent me out a new pair the next day , very happy with that . As a matter of fact that is only part of this transaction I am happy with . The second pair was actually damaged worse than the first one . Amazon refunded my money , minus the shipping charge which I think is complete BS . I had nothing to do with the item being defective so I fail to see how anyone at Amazon can be OK with keeping the $ 20 I spent on overnight shipping . BTW I had to contact Amazon before they actually sent my partial refund . An all around HORRIBLE experiance . I have been shopping with Amazon for years and have always been very pleased with their services . I really hope that this is an isolated incident .
 I bought these and probably dug about ten 3 foot holes before they broke at the pivot point . The actual bolt that connects the two handle pieces broke , and it looks to be about 3/8 '' . The way its built , you can not just put another bolt in to fix . I would not recommend , there are better post hole diggers out there.UPDATE * I talked to Fiskars and sent them a picture of the broken axis bolt . They sent me a new pair in the mail quickly .
 The dial broke off the first time I tried to use it . I turned it clockwise just like the instructions said and I was gentle with it . The post between the dial and the timing mechanism simply broke in two and the dial just twisted off . Very poor design . Do n't waste your money .
 I purchased two water valve . Both failed at the hose connection after a few weeks use . I do not recommend for an any but the lightest use .
 I had two of these , neither one worked . The last try I set it at the 1/2 hour setting and walked away assuming it would shut off . I went back out to my garden 24 hours later and it was still running . Do n't waste your time , money , and effort .
 acehardwareoutlet did not send to me the item I ordered , instead they sent to me a cheap substitute . It is the age old con game called `` Bait & Switch '' . Very dishonest group .
 This unit measures the amount of water IN GALLONS that is being applied to your lawn or landscape . If you are attempting to use it to control a drip irrigation system it does NOT work . The drip irrigation system would need to run for hours to even begin to make the timer register start to move . Probably would work satisfactorily if you were watering with a fire hose .
 I bought this when my first thing failed and it did n't work either . We have bugs all over our house now and when we move we 'll have to get an exterminator to get rid of them . Do n't get it . I do n't suggest it . We were n't even infested when i bought it but now we are .
 well tried them and we have seen no improvement at all , maybe there are just to many or they are coming from other properties here but I am still being bit like crazy
 We had high hopes for this product controlling the mosquitos around our home - the reviews seemed favorable - however ! after using these dunks for a couple months now - ca n't tell a bit of difference in mosquito population ! Also , no dead ones in water buckets placed around outside with rainwater in them - WASTE OF MONEY .
 I have a 5-7 square feet -LRB- surface area -RRB- pond , and have followed the directions , but the larvae are still there and producing adults.I do n't want to harm children or animals , so I carefully researched low or no toxicity solutions to mosquito control . I concluded a microbial control like Bacillus thuringiensis israelensis -LRB- Bti -RRB- was perfect . I purchased this product because it was the only one I could easily find . It does not work . My neighbors tried it and it did n't work there either . I 'm in central Texas . There are several other ingredients in this product , so perhaps there is an issue with its potency or delivery mechanism . I will try other Bti products until I get the right one .
 I bought the tablets because I enjoy watching birds bathe in a bird bath in my yard and yet I did not want to breed mosquitoes in there . When a tablet melts it makes the water look very bad , stagnant with brown foamy stuff floating on the surface . It looks worse than a dirty puddle by the road . Not only I can not enjoy the look of the pretty bird bath but birds seem to avoid it as well . Finally , yesterday I washed the bird bath , poured clean water without any tablets and saw birds in there right away.I am looking for other solutions to prevent mosquitoes . I am very upset by the wasted money , it is not cheap to just throw away .
 Id like to know if I actually ordered this what they hell would come in the mail . The Descriptions do NOT match the Title or the Picture in any way possible . Please fix this .
 Amazon just emailed me to ask for a review of this product . I have never received it after many weeks , and even after emailing the company to ask about its status . I ca n't vouch for the product , since I never received it , but I can CERTAINLY advise everyone to avoid this company for any purchases !
 We have a small farm pond with an algae problem . We put 4 of these in the pond and waited ... no change ... ever . Buy an algaecide .2 stars only because the item was exactly as described and it may work for different types of algae . Who knows .
 I have a 2000 gal fish pond . When I saw this product had no effect after 2 months I called my man at the pet shop , he knows his stuff about ponds , what he said is this is just a bunch of hooey and I am just wasting my money . He said the most effective bio filter is to put 3 '' of the pea size gravel at bottom of pond and also get a big tub put the gravel in it run a water fall through the tub and also put some floating plants in . this is not so much for algae but to control the ammonia level produced by the fish .
 Not working . there was no improvement with the water in the pond . This product is a waste of money .
 I bought these based on the positive reviews , however my experience with this product is a messy nightmare in the pond . Both bags I used that contained the straw broke after 1 day in the pond . The mess was unbelievable and tedious to clean up . I recommend staying away from this product at all costs if you actually want a CLEAN pond . This was awful !
 I have to admit , my pond is pretty big , so I bought a couple of bags . Unfortunately barley straw did n't work at all . My advice to the seller is `` give us some bigger bales `` for the price . . after all ... this is STRAW ... its not that expensive to produce .
 I ca n't really stand behind this product . I just have not been able to see the results really and there 's no real way of testing -LRB- on your own -RRB- the effectiveness of this product without using this product alone as a control . I 'd recommend Microbe Lift PL -LRB- beneficial bacteria -RRB- and a few of there barley based products .
 After I built my pond I used this product thinking it would prevent or slow the growth of algae in my new pond . However , at least for me it did not work . While this bale was floating around my pond the pond water got greener and greener and hair algae started covering every thing . The barley was decaying at the time so I know it should have been working . The algae was getting so bad my pond started to smell like a sewer . I thought I may have done something wrong . So I drained the pond and cleaned it out . When I refiled it I decided to try the other bale in the new water and after 1 week I saw the algae beginning to grow again . I ended up buyingPondCare Algae Destroyer Advanced , 16-Ounceand in less than 24 hours my pond was crystal clear . I no longer use the barley . If you are looking for a fish safe product to keep algae in check I would recommend the Algae destroyer product .
 How many of thes things do you need for a `` real pond '' ? Where I come from we measure our ponds in `` acre feet '' not gallons .
 My UV clarifier is probably 10 or 11 months old and it 's already dead . The bulb burned out about 6 weeks ago , well short of its 1 year expected life , and was replaced . Last weekend I noticed the light was dead . I replaced the $ 80 bulb , plugged it back in , and nothing . The UV clarifier is dead . Typical . Ca n't anyone many anything that actually works anymore?It 's also annoying that the input and output tubes have such a tiny diameter . I think they went out of their way to find a size that was difficult to convert to more standard sized tubes.EDIT
 I have used the 40 watt Pondmaster units for several years . Generally they do an excellent job of clarifying the water . Three units keep my 6000 gallon pond very clear . However , the ballast is subject to damage because the gasket around the quartz sleeve pushes into a pressure switch at the base of the unit . After using the unit for a few years , the gasket becomes distorted , lets water into the electical fixture , allowing the ballast to burn out . A replacement ballast costs over $ 100 and is difficult to find . I have a collection of four or five burned out ballasts that ca n't be repaired . Since bulbs last about two seasons , it generally costs about the same amount to buy a new unit as it does to replace all of the parts -LRB- ballast , quartz sleeve , and bulb -RRB- . Hopefully this is not a deliberate strategy by the company to sell replacemente units , but one has to wonder .
 This UV clarifier is one of the worst products I have encountered avaialable for consumer purchase . The halos will fail after about a year ; the unit will disintegrate , resulting in a huge leak and the pond will be pumped dry unless the pump has a float switch . The manufacturer claims the clarifier may be installed outside the pond . WRONG . The environment will eventually degrade the halo connections and they will crack , leak and fail . Please do n't purchase this horrible product .
 Bought mine a year ago and the ballast gave out after about 3 months . Pondmaster does not sell any replacement parts except for the bulbs -LRB- now have 2 good ones -RRB- . Pondmaster website contact would n't return emails . Ballast is sealed and can not be removed to be replaced.Warranty was void because I had to add an extension to the cord -LRB- this is no way affected the ballast - I extensively bench-tested the unit -RRB- . Expensive piece of tubing at this point . It did work fairly well while it worked .
 I bought this product 2 months ago and the bulb is no longer working :-LRB- . I called Amazon and they want me to contact the company that makes the item and ask for a replacement or a refund.I do think it `` s Amazon 's job to follow up on this matter since i bought the product from them . Today 4/16/2011 I called the amazon customer service and the danner company , since it is Saturday I left a message , will see if they even bother calling back . No result as of now .4 / 18/2011 No one called back or email back from danner company : -LRB- So i called the amazon again , one lady help me and said they can refund me the money , i ask her if they can just replace it instead of refund , i like the item and i need it in my pond . She said sure she can , but she didnt told me that i am going to get only a partial payment since i am paying the shipping fee for the return .4 / 28/2011 Amazon got the item back , and going to refund me a partial amount.So i called Amazon again since the last lady didnt told me with all this shipping fee and partial amount . Thankfully this time the lady make it straight . She just cancel my refund and replace the item with a new one . I am glad someone could help me this time . I just wish it happen the first call and not multiple calls.The product works so well and i hope it will last longer this time .
 Purchased in May and by August the UV light had burned out . Worked good but did n't last.Added remark : After replacing the light tube the ballast failed at 140 days of use .
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 Most Striking Stand Available ! Roman Arc Cypress Stand - 7 Ply by Hatteras HammocksShipped in flimsy cardboard boxes with no protection for the wood beams , several pieces arrived dented . Assembly -LRB- which required two people and took about 2 1/2 hours -RRB- was marred by misalligned holes and a poor instructon sheet . The shipment arrived in 3 boxes none of which had manifests to indicate that one should look for 3 boxes . When the first two arrived in one shipment , we travelled 170 miles to assemble it in our `` home away from home '' only to find out that we lacked 1/3 of the beams and all the hardware.The Hammock Company which sells the Hatteras stand was very understanding and apologetic but I never received a response from Hatteras as to why they had such poor quality control , unprofessional packing , and antiquated shipping practices.I would look elsewhere for a wooden stand and would personally never order a Hatteras product again .
 I ordered this for my Dad for Christmas a couple of years ago . When he opened it , part of the pieces were missing . My fault but I ended up throwing it away because I waited too long to return . It is my fault I did n't return .
 I purchased filter on 8-7-2011 and then the filter came , fit like a glove where old model was . I then turn on filter and added the DE as directed . When to my surprise out came Mr . DE . I took filter apart as I have done before , and tighted the bolts as directed . I winterized pool and filter and now after a long winters nap it is leaking again I even changed fingers to no advail . I am pissed , time is money send me some .
 Every one give these good reviews at first , then the problems start . Hard to clean out . That DE has to go some where ? Then rattling noises , then DE starts getting in the pool . Concept of this filter sounds great but in reality it 's junk . Mine is 1 1/2 years old and it 's toast . Go for the 120 sf carterage filter and keep it simple .
 The outdoor sensor is not waterproof . Outdoor sensor died after 3 months.Don ' t waste your money
 These are highly inaccurate ! A $ 1.00 thermometer will give you better results . Placing both indoor transmitter and outdoor in the same room can show degree variances of 4-degrees ! WOW ! This is terrible for a digital thermometer . The game they play is to suggest that their units have a RESOLUTION of .1 degree ; but hide that the ACCURACY is as high as 2-degrees -LRB- a whopping 20-times different from the unit 's RESOLUTION !!! -RRB- Therefore two units -LRB- eg . indoor & outdoor -RRB- can show differences of 4-degrees !
 This unit will be lucky to be within 15 deg . of actual out side temp . After several weeks of conversing the company sent me a different `` sending unit '' which turned out to be no more accurate than the original unit . I would not recommend this unit to anyone .
 I have purchased 2 different units from this company and niether one works . One has been on my wall for a month and has yet to set the time or read the outside temp . I have followed all the procedures several times with no results . I have sat on hold on their 800 number for 30 minutes before giving up . Be warned if you purchase.Thanks , Georgi
 This unit responds very slowly to changes in temperature.I tested my unit and if The temperature changes 10 degrees -LRB- for example if the sun comes up -RRB- , it takes over 1 hour for the unit output to change and show the 10 degree change.Imagine needing to leave a thermometer in your kids mouth for 1 hour to measure his temperature !!! Very slow response = useless for measuring temperatures which change
 THIS ITEM IS SUCH A HUGE HUNK OF JUNK ! FIRST OFF THE INSTRUCTIONS ARE TOTALLY IMPOSSIBLE TO FIGURE OUT AND SECOND OFF THE OUTSIDE TEMP IS ALWAYS OFF BY AT LEAST 12 DEGREES .
 I bought a WS-7013BZ to replace an old Radio Shack wired indoor/outdoor digital that I 'd had for many years . I wanted to place the unit in a different room and wanted to lose the wire as well . If you need temps accurate to .1 degrees -LRB- why ? -RRB- you 'll probably want to try spending more on your weather instrument than you do for a case of beer . I have found the range of the unit to be disappointing . Both my receivers are on inside window sills less than 15 feet from the sensor and one room loses contact with the transmitter regularly , causing inaccurate or blank outdoor temp readings .
 In very small print on the product description it says 4 '' x 2 '' actual size -LRB- since sending Amazon a complaint and returning the item , I notice that the description has been updated to include this at a larger font -RRB- . Overall , gives you outside and inside temperature and saves highest and lowest temps , but unit is VERY SMALL in size . Pass on this one .
 As the title says , the remote sensor died a quick death so I got a replacement unit . The remote sensor died on that one pretty quickly as well.I know that sometimes things go wrong with good products , but two sensors dying so quickly apparently was not a fluke . This is a cheaply made piece of equipment , so I guess you get what you pay for.I gave a friend an Oregon Scientific unit three years ago and it is still going strong , so I 'd advise you to stay away from La Crosse and go with Oregon Scientific .
 We have the La Crosse Technology WS-7014CH-IT Wireless Weather Station in one room , and this receiver in another . This model stops receiving the outdoor temperature due to low batteries every two months like clockwork -LRB- and is actually closer to the transmitter -RRB- . The WS-7014CH-IT batteries last about a year . All using Energizer or Duracell batteries . You will spend enough money on batteries to pay for the other model , never mind the frustration of it never showing the outside temperature . I am here today buying another 7014 so I can throw this one out .
 I had this item for only 2 weeks , i reset 3 times but new battery 's in 3 times kept reading outside temp at 77 degrees when it was actuly 30 degrees what a waste of money
 The indoor thermometer is fairly accurate but it 's not very quick to change . The manual states that it 's updated every 10 seconds but I 've found it to be more like 30 minutes.The outdoor portion is even worse . It takes hours to adjust its temperature and so it 's regularly off by 10-20 degrees . The other night it was 84 -LRB- by another thermometer -RRB- but the outdoor reading said 107 ! A couple hours later it did come back down to the correct temp but that really does n't matter does it . It needs to be accurate in real time .
 Outdoor remote temperature sensor is not weatherproof . Instructions state `` The remote temperature sensor should be placed in a dry , shaded area . '' The battery cover has slits in it that will allow water to enter the unit.Hard to see how they call it an outdoor remote .
 I purchased this item after seeing it at my sister 's . She loved it , it was accurate and lasted a long time . The one I bought was more expensive than hers , it only worked for about 2-3 months and then stopped working . Maybe I just got a dud !
 I purchased this unit as a replacement for one that lasted about two years . This unit lasted about two weeks . Both the transmitter and the receiver died .
 This unit responds very slowly to changes in temperature.I tested my unit and if The temperature changes 10 degrees -LRB- for example if the sun comes up -RRB- , it takes over 1 hour for the unit output to change and show the 10 degree change.Imagine needing to leave a thermometer in your kids mouth for 1 hour to measure his temperature !!! Very slow response = useless for measuring temperatures which change
 another dissapointing purchase . finally got an oregon scientific unit after much trial and error . do n't reccomend this product at all . too many reasons to list .
 Did not perform adequately with very uneven dispersal of water . A junk item , not worth purchasing . I intended it as an underground soaker , and it flooded some areas , leaving others poorly irrigated .
 Remotes are terrible . Not even in the ball park when compared to a Davis certified temp sensor . Bad quality control or somebody ca n't read a thermometer , pretty bad when its digital . I called tech support and they called back a week later . I sent it back before they called .
 Hi , When we bought it is worked fine . Then one day it stopped working so we replaced the batteries and it began to send the temperature readings to the receiver . After 2 days it stopped working . We replaced the batteries with brand new ones and it began to work for one day . Then it would occasionally work for one day or lass . It was beyond the return date When I took it from the drawer I put it in . . So I am just writing this review to warn people from buying this device . When it was working it was exactly what I needed . I will not recommend this item to anyone.J.GellerWC , CaliforniaLa Crosse Technology WS-9013U-CBP Wireless Temperature Station
 I had the remote unit outside and under my garage roof overhang . It may have gotten a litle wet but it wouldnt have been much . Whats the point of putting it outside if it cant withstand the elements . I would not recommend this purchase . Put an outdoor analog type theromometer out instead . Not recommended .
 I strictly purchased this as a gift , so this review is from the gift giver 's point of view and is for buyers who might be considering this as a gift . I have no idea if it works . But , I was hoping , for the price , it would have been packaged better . It looks like I spent $ 5 in the clearance aisle at a home store . Hopefully , it works better than it looks in the packaging .
 We had a remote thermometer . Some of us live far enough North that the temp drops to -20 deg . . This thermometer stops reading at that temp . When I ask what could be done they said we were on our own . do n't bother with them there not worth it .
 Inaccurate
 The first thing that happened when I took this product out of its package is that its backstand -LRB- holds it upright on a surface -RRB- just snapped , with only the slightest pressure . I instantly knew that this thing had poor build quality.The real disappointment of this device , though , is in its inability to tell the temperature very well . First of all , it only updates the outdoor temperature once every 5 minutes or so , which is quite slow . Even when it does , the reading is all over the place and off by several degrees.The indoor temperature updates more frequently , and more accurate , but only on occasion . Sometimes it is right on the money , but usually it is off by at least a degree . Another point which is not mentioned anywhere in the manual is the fact that it only updates the temperature in intervals of 0.2 , rather than 0.1 as you would expect . So it will go from 59.9 to 60.1 , rather than .9 to .0 . It does n't even attempt to have an accuracy to a tenth of a degree.The outdoor sensor can only mount by a sticky backing that you apply . So if you ever want to move the location , you 'll probably need to replace the sticky pad . The indoor sensor has a physical mount , which is what I expected.The only real positive note is that I was surprised to see that it had an atomic clock feature . It reads the nist atomic signal broadcast every night so the clock remains highly accurate . That 's nice , but all I really wanted was a thermometer . I can tell the temperature better with my own skin than this device.My old cheap radioshack thermometer is incomparably more accurate , which is pathetic considering that La Crosse is a name brand known for their thermometers.I am returning this item and buying theHoneywell TM005X Wireless Indoor/Outdoor Thermo-Hygrometer .
 The remote feature works well . Even through a couple of walls . However the units are not accurate or even consistently inaccurate . When co-located outdoors , they -LRB- very -RRB- occasionally agree within a couple of tenths of a degree . Mostly they vary by 2 or more degrees . Often they vary by up to 4.9 degrees . You ca n't even just figure on adding or subtracting a certain amount , or even percentage . The variations are all over the place!Customer service responded quickly , but I certainly did n't like the answer . They said that behavior is normal and to be expected , stataing `` All electronic devices have similar tolerances . '' -LRB- I wonder if the health care industry is aware of that ! -RRB- If you just want a generalized idea of temperature , the product is fine ; if you want anything like a real reading , look elsewhere .
 Temp registers 4-7 degres off actual temp . Usually too high.Clock consistently 5 minutes ahead of actual timeLa Crosse Technology WS-9013U Wireless Temperature Station
 I ordered this product and with usual Amazon speed it arrived in a few days . The product was as ordered and worked well for a about a week . Unfortunately , the outside temperature stopped working . I tried new batteries , etc , etc , but after determining that I could not get it to start working again , I contacted Amazon who replaced the unit within two days.The replacement unit worked for less than 3 days exhibiting the same problem with the outside remote sensor.I have replaced this unit with a different model from a different manufacturer.Amazon was very responsive and refunded my purchase price and paid for the return shipping .
 The accuracy and features of this were just what we wanted , but we were no prepared for how poor the LCD display was . You must mount this in a very well lit area to see it.Note to Amazon
 I have yet to get it to work with the outside sensor . The one time it did work for a while , it was off the next morning . I have had another brand that worked for a number of years . I may have just gotten a dud . It happens . All of it works fine except for the outside sensor portion which is the chief reason I purchased it .
 I recieved 2 temp gauges for Xmas last year . I gave this one to my neighbors I kept the other one -LRB- Oregon Scien -RRB- . Mine still works great , my friends does not do outside temp anymore . We replaced the batteries , cleaned the sensors but nothing work . I guess you get what you pay for with this product .
 Simply , this product does n't work.The receiver does n't receive the outside sensor signal through an outside wall . If you place the sensor within ten feet without walls , it works fine , but it does not fulfill its description.Avoid this product !
 This product worked for only about six months before either the outside sensor or the internal receiver stopped working and I could no longer see the outside temperature . Battery replacement was futile .
 The wireless thermometer gives a reading 3-6 degrees higher than other thermometers I have -LRB- which I believe are accurate -RRB- . When other thermometers read 0F , this one reads 6F , at 32F , this one reads 36F and when other ones read 60F , this one reads 63F . I wrote a note to the manufacturer , and was told that there is no way to calibrate the unit . They told me that I could return it if I was unhappy .
 Remote thermometer did not work . Interior temperature okay but bought it to measure outside .
 I purchased this thermometer to get the outside temperature wirelessly . It worked for less than a year before the outside temperature was no longer available . I tried changing the battery as suggested in the manual with no luck . It still gives the correct time and date , along with an accurate indoor temperature , but it is the outside temperature that I wanted and no longer can get . I would not recommend this thermometer .
 I gave this as a Christmas gift , the sensor -LRB- placed in a protected area -RRB- quit working within 3 months of the gift . Unrealiable product . Of course as it worked when it purchased I did n't keep the receipt , add to that the fact that Amazon will not accept returns on anything older than 30 days even if it is a gift .
 I have had this unit for about 6 months and have had to pop the battery on the remote to regain connectivity probably 12 times . I am tired of it . It just does n't seem to work very well . It does a good job telling me the time and internal temp , but I really do n't care . I bought it to tell me the remote -LRB- outside -RRB- temp and it is doing a poor job .
 I bought this item from Fry 's about 6 months ago ... . it already does n't work . Of course , it never really did in the first place , except at night . If there was any sun outside , it would say the temperature was well over 100 degrees ... And before you say it , no , it was not in direct sunlight . The outdoor sensor was placed in the shade and apparently caught a reflection from somewhere.This is all irrelevant anyway , because after about 4 months , it stopped receiving data from the outside sensor and instead just displayed -- even with new batteries
 I bought it in February this year . It worked fine until this month . But suddenly it stopped working . I called their customer service several times but I never got the chance to talk to a live person . Instead I was directed to a voice mail and `` hoping '' someone will call me back . I also sent them an email but up to today no one contacted me yet . So if you buy one then good luck and hope it will work . Otherwise you will end up like me , waiting just to get any response from them . Their customer service really sucks .
 I bought this unit about 2 years ago from a local store and recently attempted to calibrate it and 2 other hygrometers I have in my home . Ironically , I had considered it -LRB- for no logically reason -RRB- the most accurate one to which I had been comparing the others . As it turned out , it was the most inaccurate one of the bunch . Using the salt water calibration technique in a sealed bag , all hygrometers should read 75 % . One of mine read 74 % , one read 62 % and this one read 55 % !!! Even considering this is n't the most accurate calibration it 's pretty good and was reproducible when I tried it again.I 'm fairly certain that another sample may well fair better I would n't be tempted to buy this again .
 The weather meter shows temperature and moisture level in a room . It has a large digital display that I can see across the room . I do n't know about the temperature ; but the moisture level number `` seems '' to kind-of match what is shown in my humidifier.The bottom line is that it is cheap and good , and I bought two of them -- one in each floor.UPDATE ON 08/22/2012 : Sadly after one year , both units died . Therefore , I will have to give it a low rating .
 Certainly not Amazon 's fault , but this gadget was right out of the box faulty . I may be the minority here , but I put in 2 AAA batteries and immediately I smelled like smoke or burning scent . I thought it was something else so I left them in a bit . When I looked down , I saw smoke coming from the gadget . I did n't know if this thing was like gon na really catch fire so I took out the batteries . It never actually turned on . So I have to return it . Not sure if I 'll replace or look for something else , probably look for another brand .
 Ever since I got this gauge I 've always been suspicious of the hygrometer function working properly . I did a test side by side with an analog temp/hygrometer gauge and found the measurements to be very different . The temperature was off by about 2 degree , no big deal , but the humidity function was off by 25 + % !! Then I realized that it will not record humidity over 85 % . I 'm sticking with my old analog .
 I purchased this for indoor use . After one battery change -LRB- maybe 3 months of operation -RRB- the unit ceased working properly . This was a case of you get what you pay for ...
 After reading a lot of costomer reviews , I bought this item as a gift for my mother . After inserting the batteries , only parts of the digital display showed up . We tried several times to reset it and it did not work . I accidentally inserted the batteries the wrong way and it just burnt the circuit . Very cheap electronics ! Save your money , do n't buy this item .
 Worked fine for about 6 weeks , then the display started showing nonsense . Replaced the batteries , no change .
 I bought this over a different product because I liked the smiley face/frowny face options & they do n't even work . The frowning face is on there all the time regardless of the weather . It 's kind of depressing . Also I think it 's off by about 1 degree in general .
 This product malfunctioned from the get go . I was unable to get it working.For that price , it 's a shame . You can purchase one of those multifuntionclock thermometer for less than $ 5 . I would give this product 0 star .
 Well , it works pretty well ... until you have to replace the batteries . I accidentally put mine in backwards -LRB- a pretty common occurance , I think -RRB- and I smelled a slight burning odor coming from what I assume was a circuit board inside the unit . Bottom line
 This hygrometer acted strangely from the get-go . At first it would n't come on , then it flashed so quickly that had I been an epileptic I might have had a seizure . Finally it did work , but it got to a certain temp/humidity reading and never changed even though a humidifier was going in the room all night . I took it outside and set it in the sun for awhile and still nothing changed . Then I took the batteries out and put in new ones and it never would come back on . I am now waiting for a response to my email so I can get a return authorization .
 given this at Christmas 2009 . went well for 4 months then digits disappeared , just bars on the screen , Checked batt voltage near 1.5 but changed for new Duracells with voltage just over 1.5 same result . Tried with a newly purchased pair of Duracells , , voltage over 1.5 same resultTried new Energisers well this product does not disciminate.Tried to contact La Crosse online . the site changed once during our 4 attempts , now gives a statement that the devices need at least 1.48 v. No help to the individual customer online or by phone . I suspect that La Crosse has no intention of honoring its warranty.The Weather Channel needs to rethink its involvement with La Crosse
 I bought this and once I insert the battery , I felt a smoke smell . I am going to return it.I see a review here from another person stating the same issue .
 I purchased this indoor meter since I own 2 other weather meter products made by LaCrosse Technology and have been very happy with them for 5 years with no problems . This new one worked for 2 weeks and then displayed only dashes . I followed all of tech supports directions and the unit still work not work . Now LaCrosse Technology wants me to pay shipping to ship their defective product back to them . This is unacceptable . The product is not even a month old . The manufacturer -LRB- LaCrosse Technology -RRB- should pick up the tab for shipping since this product basically failed after 2 weeks of use .
 The Weather Channel WS-9410TWC is a very nice looking piece of junk . It is very inaccurate for both temperature and humidity , but it looks nice .
 It is consistant in reading the temperature correctly but the humidity was also consistant in giving a reading at least 5 % or more below the actual
 The display is only clear and easy to read when you are level with it . If you are looking down or up at it you see all the non `` illuminated '' segments of the display.The humidity part quit working after 2 days . It became erratic and would display dashes or numbers much lower than actual humitidy -LRB- like 7.5 % instead of 50 % -RRB- .
 It 's all I need - plain vanilla , and it works . Do n't want all the bells and whistles . I 'm going to buy another one for my music room to make sure my fiddle is happy.WARNING !!! Had two - both died after about a year . New batteries wo n't fix it - basically a disposable product . Threw them both in the trash .
 I have had nothing but problems with this unit . The external unit does not sync well . The outdoor components are not intended for outdoor use . No weather sealing at all .
 Almost a great device.After several attempts to get the windspeed to work it still fails to function . The rest of the unit works fine . I did find it frustrating to re-enter time and date after every attempt to sync with the wind speed monitor.I checked all connections , read and followed the manual precisely . It simply does not function.I 'm sure it 's a case of dumb luck that my unit does not work . However , keep your receipts folks =-RRB- .
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 I love the cooler it holds a alot . My problem with it is the zipper broke the insertion pin on the zipper broke of the second time I used the cooler . If you buy this DO NOT TAKE OF THE LID !
 This was the most difficult feeder my family has ever owned . The PROs of this product include its beauty and infrequent need for refills . While the product can hold a generous quantity of nectar , it was easily invaded by ants . It would often fill up with dead ants and I would have to clean it more often . The problem was that the bottle would still have plenty of sweet liquid inside . This meant a lot of waste . Additionally , the ants would get into all the nooks and crannies in the plastic portion of the feeder . I was never completely satisfied that I had cleaned it thoroughly because of its design .
 Best-1 feeders leak . They seem to have a problem with the mold for the bottom 2 pieces . After a few weeks , it deforms , and then leaks around every rib , because they do n't use a gasket . . we solved the problem by coating one of the pieces with a bit of petroleum jelly , but it is a lot of extra hassle , and could easily have been solved with a better mold for the bottom pieces . After I called them twice , -LRB- and they did not return my calls -RRB- they said not to leave them in the afternoon sun , because it heats the air in the bottle and floods the bottom , making it leak . They said that was in their instructions , too , but I read them three times to be sure , and that is n't in there.It IS easy to clean and attracts lots of birds
 I recently bought this feeder to replace my other hummingbird feeder that was beginning to rust . I did n't like the apperence of this one , but thought I would simply purchase a feeder that was best for the birds , and not my eyes . Since installing this feeder I have had at least one wasp , bee , or fly on the feeder every second of the day . It has gotten so bad , that the wasps actually fly after the birds when they come to feed . What a waste of money !
 HUMMINGBIRDS GET BEAKS STUCK IN HOLE AND EVEN WHEN DRILLED LARGER THEY CAN NOT BACK UP DUE TO THE ANGLE AND BREAK THEIR NECKS
 My husband bought me 2 of these feeders for my birthday . They worked ok . the Hummingbirds used them , but not as much as my others . Mine faded the first season and the words on the outside washed of first thing , which could be a good thing.I was looking through a hummingbird web site and found that these feeders are death traps for the little guys and they had a picture of one of its victims . They said if you modify them , they are usable . To modify , First , from the bottom side of the feeder lid , re-drill each port hole outward at a 45 degree angle . Next , cut or grind the nipple from the underside . If you do n't have a grinder , simply used a razor blade to cut down through the nipple at a 45 degree angle . To me it 's not worth the risk to my little friends and I should n't have to mess around with modifying something before I use it . I do see that there is a hand painted one sold on Amazon that has the modifications made by the company . You can tell the safe feeder because there 's 2 perch rings around the outside of the feeder .
 I have been looking for planters like some I already own and have not been successful . I thought I found the right planter , but it is not what I expected . What I got was a cheap flimsy pot . I would not get this again .
 ordered this plant older thinking it would look like the color in the picture ... well it does n't ! color was more of a teal or aqua color . . not what i wanted but Amazon was very professional about the return .
 This planter is not high gloss , but the typical cheap planter available at any discount store . The planters I got were a dull red finish , cheaply molded plastic with scratches , scrapes and excess plastic at seams .
 Item arrived scratched and scuffed in many places all along the outside ! This is junk -- soft , scratched-up plastic . I ca n't put my nice plant in this and expect it to look decent ! Has this been abused in a Dollar store , then consigned to be sold here ? This is junk . Waste of time & money RMA .
 Wanted it for decorative purpose with an artificial plant but it looks very cheap . If you just want it for an indoor plant , it should be fine . It is a small step up from the pots that plants come in at the store .
 It would have been a nice pot but the pieces that attach the tray to the pot were snapped off so the bottom had holes in it . Lame .
 I bought these planters because I had owned them before and they were very durable and attractive . I especially liked the high-gloss look . Unfortunately , when I received my planters , they had been put in the shipping box with the wadded up , rough craft paper that Amazon so often uses and it ruined the high-gloss finish of the outer planter . The other planters were nested inside and were fine . So when I ordered them in another size , I ordered one extra figuring that they would be packaged the same way despite the fact that I notified Amazon of the problem . Sure enough , same problem , but I was able to return the ruined outer one that I did n't want anyway -- it essentially served as packing .
 Company says this product ca n't go bad but I believe it did . I have used this for many years in my fish pond without worry . However the two bottles I purchased via Amazon did not keep my water healthy . As a matter of fact water went bad a week after putting product in the pond . Used it for 6 weeks until I gave up and went to local store and purchased a fresh bottle . Water cleared up in two and a half weeks . I do think something went bad in the product .
 To put a price tag of $ 80 on a couple of tree spikes makes me wonder . You can get these at Home Depot for about 40 Cents each . Big discount !
 I have used Ona products for years . I love the Linen scent and use the liquid concentrate and gel to eliminate pet odors . It is lightly scented and neutralizes odors . There is not a heavy perfume odor like cover-ups . HOWEVER , I ordered two blocks for the first time and was very disappointed . They were extremely strong smelling the first two days and then did not smell at all unless I put my nose right to them . I would recommend going with the gel and concentrate instead , although that requires refilling as it evaporates , which is does quickly here in the Arizona desert .
 Moved into a home that had been a `` grow house '' by the smell of the closet . I do n't want my linens smelling skunky . Looked on line and found all the web sites that cater to `` those folks '' were touting this product . Rip off !!! It did n't eliminate odor and the smell was like an institutional cleaner -LRB- hospital , nursing home , day care -RRB- ew!To be fair , nothing else has gotten the smell out either -LRB- washed walls with cleaners , vinigar , baking powder/water paste etc. -RRB- Finally just used a car air freshener in there to try to mask the odor . After 4 months , still skunky .
 So thin I had to add a weed barrier liner ; much smaller than the dimensions quotes . Do n't buy these !
 I just received 4 ` x8 ` x1/4 '' , and I to have mold on the mat , not rubber . I 've been gardening long enough to know what mold looks like . I 'm very disappointed . Never had this problem with the cocotek brick .
 The mats arrived unwrapped . They are also cut a little bit smaller than a 20x10 tray . The Sure To Grow mats seem better for germinating seeds .
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 I agree with Debbie B 's review . This item is cheap and does not stand the test of time . I did n't even have it one month before it was completely flat ! Very unhappy and expected better from this store - ESPECIALLY considering the high price and expensive shipping .
 I could n't be more dissapointed . This is a $ 5 item in my estimation , certainly not a $ 23-plus-shipping investment . Too bad I ordered an item with no customer reviews . Apparently others were more astute than I and could tell by looking at it in the photo that it was only a piece of neoprene foam in some cheap fabric . Your derriere will not notice any significant cushioning !
 Its a plain disk with no logo or any imprint , its a knock off . Not as pictured . There is no logo on it .
 I bought this for my grand kids what a waste of money this was a replacement head for the one that comes with the machine it worked just as bad . Do n't waste your money
 If you are looking to find gold nuggets this is not the answer . This is no different then the one already on your detector . I tested it and it worked no differently then the one that came on your metal detector . If you need it to get into smaller spaces then it will work for that purpose but it will not pick up gold nuggets unless they are whoppers like 5 grams + and that is rarely found . Even then your other coil that comes with your bounty hunter would work the same as this little one . I would not invest money in this unless you need it for small spaces . This will not pick up small nuggets . I am a avid miner and have tested it on gold . save yourself the $ 40 and save up for a tesoro compadre which will pick up small nuggets and it is only $ 160 free shipping on amazon and ebay . This also does not have the bounty hunter sticker on it so it is a knock off and false advertised in my opinion .
 I bought this because I thought it would sound only when it was near gold metals . Ha . It &#34; beeped &#34; at everything . There was no point . The coil my Bounty Hunter came with does the exact same thing . Easy to return although I did have to pay for S&H charge .
 This coil came in no Bounty Hunter Logo or anything ... basic black GENERIC COIL AND I WAITED FOR THIS , WHAT A DUMMY
 Ordered the Bounty Hunter 4 inch Gold Nugget Search Coil Expecting to get the coil that is Pictured on the page but got a generic coil with no logo just plain black if your going to send a plain black coil than you should picture a plain black coil and not a Bounty Hunter 4 inch Gold Nugget Search Coil with logo DONT LIKE THE MISS REPRESENTATION OF PRODUCT !
 Purchased product for my husband . We tested the Gold Nugget Search Coil to find my gold wedding ring that we put on the floor . No signal was picked up til we were 2 inches away from it . Would not recommend this product as it does not work .
 I have a Bounty Hunter Time Ranger and this coil would not work . Must be an aftermarket coil and made for another application . Tried two of them with no success . Too bad because it was a great price for the coil .
 These floating barley packet holders for ponds will not stay upright . A small goldfish bumping it or a slight breeze will flip the container on its side . Not worth the money at all .
 I was asking my propane provider if they had a way I could gauge my propane tanks from inside . I have a tank for my house and a tank for my detached garage . I bought one of these to put in each location . We had nothing but problems right from the start . We tried different units and they all failed . My propane company then brought a different system made by Robert Shaw . Instead of a digital readout , it has a big ugly box that connects to the phone line and calls the propane company . This too had several problems and after making repeat trips to fix it , they ended up removing the equipment . About a year later , they contacted me and said they have a new system . I was leery from past experience , but said I would try it . The new system has a display unit that sits inside my house and gives me a digital readout for both of my tanks -LRB- first system could n't could reach from my garage tank which is only about 80 ' -RRB- . It also has a digital clock and inside temp reading . This unit calls my propane company using the phone line and gives them level readings for my tanks and inside temp . If we go away on vacation in the winter , I do n't have to worry about my house temperature because the unit will alert me and the propane company if the temperature gets too low . It has been installed now for almost a year and the propane company has never had to come back and work on it . The new unit has a product name of `` WESROC '' written on it and the website is -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have owned and used this product on a home stationary LPG tank for the last 4 to 6 years . The first unit was very difficult to establish a connection between the two units , even when they are right next to each other . Sometimes , getting a connection took a considerable amount of futzing around.Once a connection was esablished , however , the unit was dependable and accurate , except in an electrical storm . However , if you know anything about radio interference , that should not surprise you and it also should not be considered a defect . However , this unit only lasted a couple of years and then became totally unreliable.The unit functions best with Lithium batteries , which are more cold-resistant than are alkalines.At this re-write -LRB- 12/2010 -RRB- , I have owned 3 of these . The second two units have all been flaky , too . They lose contact easily , apparently due only to something as simple as a bit of cold weather . I need another brand.I really do n't know if I 'd buy another one of these or not . I would hesitate recommending it to a friend , considering its price and flaky performance . If there was another brand of unit available , i 'd look long and hard at it before buying this one.I am quite puzzled . Robertshaw usually makes good units , but this is apparently not one of them .
 It worked good for a month or so then it was loosing signal a few times a week and needing reset . now it dont work at all . for that kind of money it should work longer than that . Ive tried all kinds of batteries .
 I purchased the unit several years ago and the receiver -LRB- the unit with the pressure display -RRB- always seems to lose connection to the transmitter . Every place I put it , it initially acquires the signal and displays the pressure for a short while . It then abrupty loses connection and I need to take the batteries out and wait . I check the pressure in my lp tank this way once a week , a pain but better than climbing over snow in the Adirondack winter to get to my tank .
 We have two tanks and two of the RS-228 sensors . They worked very well for 3 seasons , but here in Mid-Michigan they are non-working for the Winter months , below 32 . Sensors fail in cold , even though the receiver & sender are in a straight line , 40 ' & thru a window , sensors are inaccurate and then totally stop working . The phone/secretary in Texas said that they can be erratic in cold weather , which is why we purchased them . Very unhappy , no replies from company via eMail or regular mail , phone messages never returned by RCC customer service . Local dealer stopped selling & installing for above reasons .
 Tried everything to make the darn thing work , even read about others that tried different batteries , elevating unit , creative mounting , etc , etc , to no avail.Bottom-line
 Very simple . Do n't buy it . You 'll find other reviews on the net that verify that it just does n't work . Still looking for one that does .
 Had this thing for about 6 months now . I literally have it about 8 ' away from the base unit . The only reason I bought it is for the winter months . It 's 8ft . outside a window , but it 's a 100ft . walk to go to the tank . Originally I wanted to put it about 20ft . away . At 20ft . I could n't get a reliable connection , so I moved it as I said about 8ft . away . It actually worked fine all winter , but now I ca n't get it to connect for more than a 5 min . span after changing the batteries . I even changed the batteries a couple of times in case I got a bad batch of batteries but it did n't matter . After about 6 months it is now useless . I would not recommend buying this item especially for the price . HARDLY CONVIENENT !!
 Unit is not functional as advertised by Robertshaw ; does not have a 100 ft range.When we all think of Robertshaw , we think of a top notch American based engineering and control firm . Their products over the years are pretty much staples in our homes - and in industrial setttings . Bascially , Robertshaw has a lot of good will in its name . That is why we were surprised to read all of the `` finicky '' and `` unreliable '' reviews - on their RS-228 . On balance , we tried it - we installed it , and we had the same exact experince of others ; Insufficient Range of reliable operation . At 55 ft , the device will not stay synced . With the antennae pulled out of the base unit -LRB- part in the home -RRB- , - and extended - this does not improve . We have to uninstall the batteries , and wait for resync to occur , WHILE standing out next to the tank - at 20 ft or less . NOT ACCEPTABLE . The RF power of the transmitters in each of the two haves of the units , needst to be increased and/or the antennae efficiency kicked up a few dBi - by some re-engineering . If you have a very short distance for reading , -LRB- 20 ft -RRB- you 'll have no problems . If you are looking for something greater than that -LRB- 20ft -RRB- , buyer beware - you will be disappointed . They have a Pink Elephant here.I will contact Robertshaw and complain to them , next week - directly .
 Like the others , I 've had trouble with the unit maintaining a connection . The first one worked for 4 months fine then , for whatever reason , it would not reestablish a connection when I reset it . The second one -LRB- replaced for free by my gas company -RRB- loses the connection every time a storm comes through . In my humble opinion , this was a waste of my money .
 I researched this item for weeks before buying it . The advertisement said `` 25 KW Generac Generator with Transfer switch , $ 7999.00 . I ordered it and when it arrived it was leaking oil from the bottom , the container box was damaged , and there was no transfer switch included . When I refused to accept this item and call Amazon , I told the rep there was no Transfer Switch included . I was told the Advertisement I order this item was a mistake . The Transfer swith is `` Not '' included . I had to buy the transfer switch separate . I will not purchase anything else from Amazon.com .
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 It 's a good standard copper plug , used in tons of applications . What 's not good is the price . Caveat emptor
 Although nothing was wrong with this standard Champion plug - the description clearly states &#34; pack of six &#34; . Only one arrived , which left me short in a tune up . Going to Lowes solved the problem , and for much less . If this is what Amazon gets for a single plug , then go to Lowes or Home Depot , and you 'll pay 75 % less .
 Description of this product is wrong this is a pack of six In the description but you receive only one It 's big time miss leading
 Well the price is right but the page and description was hard to understand . It said product feature of six and said pack of 1 so I thought it would come for 1 pasck of six for the price . Add was very misleading and hard to follow . Needs to be fixed becareful when looking at this product
 THe plant did not survive more than a week . Searched the net to explore how to take care of it but to no avail . Not going to buy plants online . disappointed .
 Our tree lost its leaves and died not long after we purchased it . This could be due to user error or our geographical location -LRB- NE PA -RRB- but we have other plants and they are fine . It was very cute though while we had it !
 This thing is a bit flimsy and lightweight ; although in a way that 's good so you can move it around . Problem is , the existing anchor system will NOT hold it in the ground during strong winds . I was out in the garden at 6 a.m. trying to keep the thing from being torn to shreds in the last Nor'easter . The instructions -LRB- which are awful -RRB- suggest supplemental anchoring in windy conditions -LRB- I live on a mountain side so yes , that fits -RRB- . But they do n't really tell you how to secure it properly . Instead of planting and doing real gardening tomorrow , I 'll be working on some kind of way to secure this thing to the ground so it 's not a total loss -- probably wires , stakes , anchors , etc. . What a pain !
 We purchased the cold frame and extension . It is poorly made and could not stand up to one year in Boise Idaho . Condensation and dust built up in the doors making them dirty . Side parts cracked form the stress the poorly engineered brackets put on them . We had to disassemble and reassemble the whole cold frame because the sides kept pulling apart.We contacted Juwel but they would not help us . We have returned ours to the seller for refund.Overall score D - . Recommendation - do not buy .
 I have read more than half of the reviews of wolf urine and they 're all jokes . I would like to know if anyone has used this product to repel coyotes . A coyote nabbed my neighbor 's pet cat from her front yard two weeks ago , and came back for the other cat four days later . Right now all the neighborhood cats have to stay inside , and talk about pissed , they are . Has anyone used wolf urine to repel coyotes ? Did it work ?
 I buy this product on Amazon for use as deer deterrent/wolf attractant but product not work as advertised!Yes , wolf come to my home , attracted by the smell of wolf musk in product , but also comes crazy lady Sarah Palin in helicopter , shooting at me from above like dangerous shooting bird or something ! I hate this product!This product is not safe and nobody warned me . I could have been killed , one of my dear children could have been shot , and now I have several wolf and moose carcasses littering my lawn after being shot by this crazy woman attracted by tantalizing wolf musk , who does not even eat her kill or dispose of it.This is not what I wanted Amazon ! I want all dead moose and wolf bodies removed from my property and all my money back .
 i bought a couple jugs of this juice because i thought it would be at least as tasty as coyote urine flavor , but it is n't . although wolves are my favorite animals , and coyotes are too stupid and wile e. coyote ruined their image , this is one battle they can not win . coyotes apparently are more flavorful than the wolves . my friend also agrees , though he is n't a HUGE fan of either , he does prefer the coyote one .
 This product does not work at all ! I have displayed the Lure in my back yard for a whole week and not one drop of Wolf Urine has appeared . What a ripoff !
 Do n't get me wrong , it is a fantastic product for keeping deer away from my garden of aconitum plants . One major problem , however , is that is seems to have the opposite effect for werewolves and wolf-man hybrids , which are now a constant plague every month for the neighborhood . I suggest buying some squeaky toys to distract them until morning . Please note this trick will NOT work during mating season , so it 's not a great to use product in late winter .
 This stuff tastes awful . For the price it 's being sold for I would expect a slightly more salty kick , but it 's rather bland despite being so pungent . The fellows down at my dad 's lodge barely finished half a jug and complained they made terrible Jaegerbombs . -LRB- Ca n't serve them Red Bull because they all have heart conditions . -RRB- Will stick with coyote urine from now on .
 What they do n't tell you is whether the urine was culled from submissive wolves reacting badly to being scolded , or whether it is from manly alpha males , virilely marking their territory . Until this information is supplied , I can not recommend this product as an appropriate Valentine 's Day gift .
 My supply of wolf urine was running low and , tired of paying retail prices , I decided to give Deerbusters Wolf Urine Lure a whirl . Disappointed does n't begin to describe my emotions.Simply put , the product does not work , as it attracted no wolf urine whatsoever.So I guess it 's back to the Walmart for me . Do n't waste your money on this scam .
 Looking to enhance the potency of my natural man-musk , I applied this product liberally to my unwashed body . In my usual fashion , I waited for my lady to finish her box of wine and nightly hour of Lifetime programming . Just as she was about to pass out I made my move . I have no idea if the product worked for her , because shortly after , everything went black.Now there is a half-eaten pigeon on the floor next to my laptop and I 've learned that my lady has fled to her mother 's in disgust after trying , unsuccessfully , to prevent me from scent marking the entire house . Also , I smell like pee .
 being a man on such good stature and grace i decided to buy the wolf urine lure as a distraction to keep away the lady 's creatures that stalk me every night , it seems it was highly use-full keeping the dang creatures away due to the overwhelming presents of wolfs patrolling the area of the building . but alas the cleaver and cunning-ness of these sub-human creatures and a 1 inch thick cardboard fridge box has destroyed my over ingeniousness plan . i plan to now get a hold of some mighty mongoose lures and feed them them wolf blood in order to create a devilishly dangerous monster the likes that these beasts they will never has seen . this products is only 1 star worthy if the user likes eating 4 day old dead dear and bear otherwise it clearly dose not preform its 100 's of possible not branded possibility 's for which it is not intended for !!!! this products need much less clear indications of non-existent applications in order for it to progress to its next level.i hope this indication of problems will clear any non understanding of possible implications that are not applied to your experiences of this product , and this review will show the lighter side of ... . clarity .
 Very disappointed . I got 2 uses out of this belt and it split almost completely in half . Good thing I ordered 2 or I 'd be headed to the store and spending 50 bucks . Pisses me off I have to pull it all apart AGAIN to put the second belt on after such little use.Claire Clayton
 I ordered two skateboard signs for my grandsons-one came thru the mail undamaged , the other was so crumpled up that I can not give it as a gift . The company said they would send me a replacement , which I have not received . I 'm still hoping to get the replacement by Christmas . The packaging did not protect the product from the United States Postal Service .
 My husband and I were suckered into buying two of these type of `` wind spinners '' at a kiosk in a shopping mall . Now that they 're hanging outside , what kind of wind are they looking for , a frickin ' hurricane ? They just sit there and look stupid -LRB- while reminding us of the money ill spent -RRB- .
 When my package first arrived I was immediately happy due to weight of the box because I was looking for a heavy duty planter . Upon opening the box I was no longer pleased . If only the rest of the planter was close to the quality of the wrought iron top piece . The stand legs are constructed of very thin , cheap , and hollow metal and had several lightly rusted areas . Where the stand meets the ground are these cheap plastic pads -LRB- barely visible on product image -RRB- that were not level resulting in the stand rocking . I have been looking for a well made heavy duty plant stand for under $ 40 for more than a year now . The search continues .
 I ordered the Mr. Bar B Q set because it was advertised as Made in the USA , but when I received the product it was clearly marked Made in China . This was clearly a misrepresentation . I ca n't speak for the quality of the product since I am returning the item unopened .
 If you are considering this item , either for yourself or as a gift , save yourself the disappointment and move on . Firstly , the item provided is NOT the item pictured . This is a stainless steel set with black plastic grips . However , I expected the same quality between the wood and stainless steel sets . I ordered three of these BBQ accessory kits to gift this Christmas . Everything I state below was common to all three sets : The storage box is a mess . It is made of molded plastic that warped either during manufacturing or shipping . The accessories would n't fit into their slots , and extra plastic -LRB- called flash -RRB- was everywhere . Very unattractive!The black plastic grips are just as bad , with sloppy molding and flash on every single accessory -LRB- even the corn holders -RRB- ! The tools are made of heavy stamped stainless steel , guaranteed to hold up where thinner steel tools would bend . You could lift a four pound steak or whole chicken with the spatula . However , stamped steel is also used to form the shaft and it is n't aligned properly . Nearly every tool has a very awkward bend that wo n't be easily fixed because of the steel 's thickness.Corn holders are garbage and will bend with very little pressure . Toss them.A lot of bristles from the grill brush fell out during first use.Very , very disappointed in this product . I need to buy three additional BBQ accessory kits because I would n't give these to anyone !
 This item was ordered as a Christmas gift for my father . It arrived as if it had been dropped and run over by a truck , and then gift wrapped by Amazon . The damage was not noticeable until the wrapping was removed . An absolute shame . My father is very old school and even after much pleading , he is too proud to return the item . Not to mention , `` That 's what you get for shopping on the computer ! '' The box was smashed and most of the tools inside were bent or broken . I can not comprehend how this could have passed any inspection . It was embarrassing to have gifted such a disaster .
 The item pictured is no longer available from the manufacturer . If you order this item what you will receive is a solid stainless set also by Mr. Bar B Q . The set will have no wooden handles or rubber gripes . After checking with several retailers I found THAT THE SET YOU WILL ACTUALLY RECEIVE IS BETTER QUALITY THAN WHAT IS PICTURED . I kept the set and gave to my Son for Christmas . He was very pleased . The reason for the low rating was because the wrong item is displayed .
 I purchased this tool set as a gift for a friend 's house warming . Upon opening the set all of the tools had fallen out of their designated slots . I understand that this could happen during transit so not a big issue . However upon putting the utensils back into their designated slots I quickly realized that the slots did not effectively hold each utensil in place . When closing the kit some of the utensils fall out of their slots and you have to just hope they fall in such a way that does not prohibit you from closing the kit . I was also missing one of the corn holders.It was possibly lost when opening up the kit for the first time and having all the utensils fall out but this is n't my fault . The utensils need to stay in place ... really at all times . The last straw for me came when trying to close the kit . The slide lock mechanism for the kit slid right off the storage container . I tried putting it back on and did so with success but then it slide right off again . I 'm sending it back to Amazon and am not sure if I 'll be purchasing the same kit or a different one .
 I chose this since I wanted a wooden bbq set.When the item arrived , it arrived in a flimsy storage container with steel tools ! I would not have minded so much if it still has at least the rubber grip part with the steel . So that the handles will remain cool while in use . But this was not the case . It was just steel through and through . No wood , no rubber grips . Very disappointed.The brush bristles were soft and not really good for cleaning the tough hard baked leftovers on the grill .
 This `` kit '' contained a pond liner , pond filter/pump and very poor instruction . Our liner had many slices in it out of the box . We took the pond apart 4 times trying to locate each leak . Still have n't found all of them . You must provide everything to beautify your pond . Threw my back out for 3wks moving rock so many times . If you want a pond ... go online and get Directions , then go to Lowes and get your stuff ... It is cheaper , in the long run , and MUCH less hassle !
 they would not drill them selves in the ground because the auger portion is incorrectly made ... you can dig a hole with a post hole digger and install them but that defeats the purpose ... the auger spirals up , then flat , then up again , which stops them from pulling them selves in the ground
 As stated previously these anchors are exceptionally poor in quality and will not pull themselves into the ground without a fight . Instead they will bore into the soil and turn out minor pebbles and such while making zero progress . The auger welds are very small and pathetic in size to say the least , so any resistance is going to break the weld . One of mine broke simply while trying to turn it in the ground with my hand .
 It wo n't run or generate power . Manufacturer will not honor warranty because it was not purchased directly from them . Phone numbers and emails to All American Power -LRB- made in china -RRB- are never responded to . Run far away from this generator . Thank to Amazon for standing by their customers . I got a full refund .
 I just bought two of them and i tried to make them run and they are not good so i advise you do not buy those generators from CHINA
 The ShelterLogic Auger Anchor Model 10079 is supposed to include eight auger anchors that are 30 '' long . However when I opened the box , the auger anchors were only 26 '' long ... when measured from the tip of the rod to the end of the `` eye '' loop . I contacted Northern Tools & Equipment , who had shipped me the product , and asked them to check their remaining stock of Model 10079 to see if they could find any with 30 '' length . They indicated that all Model 10079 auger anchors they had in stock were 26 '' ... and not 30 '' as indicated on the box . Since the product was not to the ShelterLogic specification , I returned the product to Northern Tools & Equipment and I received a full refund ... including shipping . This product was manufactured in China and apparently ShelterLogic has no formal quality control program to inspect incoming products manufactured in China . What a shame !! Other than being 4 '' short , the product appears to be well made .
 I tried this on two different pressure washers . It does not work . I took it apart an could not see anything broken . I wasted too much time trying to make it work . It makes an interesting paper weight .
 the pot came broken and shattered . they make the return difficult so that the fewer returns they have the more money they make . they want people to buy it and they do n't care if its broken because the effort it takes to return it is not worth the few dollars you will get back . and evidence of my comments are completely true because when you try to return it they wo n't even allow an exchange because they know you will just keep receiving broken clay pots .
 I read the other reviews before purchasing and was naive enough to think when I go my Terracotta it would not be broken . Statistics were against me ! It was broken when it arrived . I 'm very disappointed .
 There are two pieces of poorly baked terracotta squeezed in a box with one layer of cling film in between . What were they thinking?Read all the arrived-broken reviews . Do n't bother .
 Should have listened to the other reviews . Ordered 4 , hoping that 3 would make it safely . Amazon packed it fine , but within the box , there is no protection . Returning it at Amazon 's cost . This item should be pulled as substandard .
 Although advertised a mfg from Generla Pump I received this today and it is a knock off mfg of PA Italy . And can be found cheaper on Internet . Not sure of the quality but I expect that if a vendor said it is General Pump than that is what they should ship . Right ?
 I thought this bacteria was working well until my pond turned green/brown . It is completely opaque and I can not clear it using this product . I may try a different type of bacteria to see if it improves .
 I guess the electric smoker was OK at first but I can not seem to be able to contact the company to see if the electric element is under waranty or how to purchase a new element . The smoker still looks new -LRB- about 6 months from Home Depot -RRB- with virturally no rust or soot on it . The big problem with the smoker is the 2-3 inch split in the element that is the reason it does n't work . This web site is not designed for anything but selling new products and getting raving reviews . What I need is a company that is concerned about the folks that have already purchased products that need help . This is the first time in my life that I have had to have a password to complain.Regards ,
 This is the American Way ! I WAS considering buying an electric smoker by Brinkmann , but after seeing so many broken heat elements , forget it ! It would be nice to not have to worry about running out of gas , charcoal is a pain to work with , but this sounds the worst of all .
 This is the American Way ! I WAS considering buying an electric smoker by Brinkmann , but after seeing so many broken heat elements , forget it ! It would be nice to not have to worry about running out of gas , charcoal is a pain to work with , but this sounds the worst of all .
 This is the American Way ! I WAS considering buying an electric smoker by Brinkmann , but after seeing so many broken heat elements , forget it ! It would be nice to not have to worry about running out of gas , charcoal is a pain to work with , but this sounds the worst of all .
 We purchased a Brinkman Electric smoke cooker and find the door opening to insert chips is much too small and there is no way to regulate heat so we tend never use the darn thing anymore . We would like to find a reostat or a way to use a thermostat so we could enjoy using this thing . We would like to be able to make jerky or smoked salmon with it .
 I like the smoker - had it two years . However , the heating coil is not a robust unit and dropping your soaked hardwood on it will , over time , break it . No chance for getting a replacement coil at the store where you bought it - got ta go to Brinkmann . I would select another unit .
 Just a word of caution to those purchasing this item . Mine set my deck on fire last night . I usually smoke on my brick walk , but last night I did it on my deck and it smolderred underneath
 I would have loved to have tried out this product . However , it arrived in a mangled box ... twice . Apparently this is not the best product to ship through the mail . I returned the damaged original and received a damaged replacement in return .
 I saw no difference from using this product . Fleas did not seem bothered by it at all yet alone killed . I do not think it killed one flea .
 The product touted that it would cover 2100 sq ft. My entire home is only 1640 sq ft and the can barely did my living room and dining area which is around 600 sq ft at most . The next day I was making an adjustment to a timer in my living room and down on the carpet when a flea jumped on me . My cats still refuse to spend any time on the carpet as they are my alerts that there are still fleas there . The price for this product is out of line for it 's performance .
 I purchased this rain gauge based upon the photo as I was looking for a rain gauge that had measurements in both inches and mm as shown in the photo -- what I received has inch measurements on both sides and not what is show in the picture . I hate it when the photo is misleading and frankly I think its intentional a lot of the time .
 The original 2702N had a 5 '' capacity and a rectangular opening . The new version has a 6 '' capacity , an oval opening and reads about 30 % higher than actual . It also does not look at all like the picture shown on various web sites.It is a piece of crap and Taylor should take it off the market .
 You may want to check with the vendor about what exactly you 're getting before ordering this gauge
 I have owned this for over a month now and we have had multiple heavy rainstorms . When the storms are over , I check the rain gauge and I have never seen water in it , only bees and other bugs that have managed to die in it . Would not recommend this to others as it has been worthless to me . It does seem like durable plastic though .
 I was very disappointed in this product . It arrived with two stems broken and was much smaller than I had expected and as shown . I guess it will grow bigger in a few years . Company wanted me to email picture and I do n't have access to this so I have n't heard anything as to replacing hosta .
 FIRST OFF , THE HOSTA 'S I RECEIVED WERE NOT BIG DADDY ! VERY DISAPPOINTED . WOULD NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH THIS SELLER AGAIN.THE VERY TINY PLANTS I DID RECEIVED ARE DOING VERY POORLY .
 Not a Big Daddy Hosta , miss labeled . Do n't order from this nursery . I waited all summer for the Hosta to grow and the leaves were never larger than 6 inches .
 This product is a mist , not a fog , and that means it only works if the flea is somewhere where the mist can land on it . If the flea is under furniture or boxes , it is safe from this . This product has slight variations on the name from the different sellers , but it works -LRB- actually it does n't -RRB- the same . See my review the product did not work for me . See reviewKnockout IGR Flea Foggers 6 ozfor more details.TryRaid - Fumigator Fogger - 3 pack . It worked very well in my storage garage . Check your local hardware store , though , to get it faster . This product has to be shipped ground and takes a long time unless you are close .
 All 5 Knockout Room and Area Foggers were taken out of my checked baggage while on route to San Juan .
 I was looking for a pair of long hay hooks , to reduce back strain when moving dozens of 100 pound bales . These hooks might be good for stage props -LRB- shiny -RRB- , but they are ENTIRELY useless as hay hooks . The steel is hex shaped rod , so it wo n't slip easily into the hay bale , nor release as it needs to . The wood handle is made to turn freely on the thru-bolt , so you ca n't hold this hook by the wood handle and turn the hook to bite the hay bale . They are made in China , apparently by someone who has no understanding of what they are used for , or how they work . If you need a decoration for a dude ranch wall , go for it . Otherwise avoid these like the plague .
 NONE OF THE SEEDS WE BOUGHT FROM THIS SELLER GERMINATED . THESE ARE PROBABLY EXPIRED SEEDS . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER .
 I received this as a birthday gift and like others have said , it worked for tweenty minutes and then said chicken was over cooked . When I pulled the chicken it was pink . To top it off I grabbed it from the closet for Thanksgiving and I could n't get it to work at all . I think the thermometer fried on first use . What a waste . Weber should recall these , and at the least quit selling them . Do n't waste your money . Great idea , bad execution .
 I bought this Weber unit hoping for Weber quality . What I got was the same junk that most of the other reviewers here got . The probe fried on the first use , even though I took special care to keep it away from too much heat - but my efforts were in vain . How about that , a BBQ thermometer that ca n't take the heat of a BBQ.I 'm still looking for a good BBQ thermometer .
 Weber should be ashamed of themselves for selling this trash . Mine worked ONCE , then same as everyone else . Flashing 199 degrees on display , and constant beeping . The customer `` service '' person I had the mis-fortune to speak to REFUSED to do anything about it unless I could prove that it was less than a year old . Who keeps receipts for a 30 dollar product ? Judging from all the complaints listed here , Weber has got to know what garbage this is , and yet they do n't seem to care about doing the right thing and taking one 's word for it . I will NEVER own a Weber product again if they are that unconcerned about their customers ! STAY AWAY FROM THIS JUNK !!!!
 I have owned 3 of there units and have 2 different friends which have owned 2 which all only lasted between 2 to 6 BBQs . It is a great idea but there is much to be desired in thier lack of longivity . Buy a Polder hardwired or even the $ 15 ones at Target work very well but DO NOT waste your money on the Weber.Please do n't get me wrong I love weber products but this item is pure junk
 Weber should be ashamed . This thing has a hard time keeping communication with the probe over ANY distance down to a few inches . Weber says that it has a range of 100 feet . Baloney.Using it is an exercise in frustration . Do yourself a favor , if you want to buy one , just burn the $ 30 it costs . At least you will not waste your time trying to get it to work.This is the second Weber accessory I 've bought that is worthless . Also bought the illuminating handle for gas grills . That melted.I think these guys only know how to make good grills . Nothing else .
 Folks , here 's the bottom line ... the temperature probe is the weak link . I have owned 5 different models hoping that one will be better than the last , but so far that has n't been the case . I have paid up to $ 80 for one of these and they all have the same issue . When I say the temp probe is the weak link , I mean the wire that connects it to the sending unit . I have had the metal braided wire -LRB- that protects the inner wire -RRB- melt , come unbraided , burn up and break apart , and start to smoke , then stop working with all kinds of weird temperature readings ! Now I HAVE NOT had this in direct heat or near a flame of any sort , just in my oven or in the grill . I have babied these things more and more as I bought another . I even tried to wrap it in that asbestos wire covering that covers the wires in a kitchen stove , and that did n't work either !!!! So you can imagine how bad I wanted this concept to work by jumping through that hoop ! Then , after the probe stops working , you ca n't buy just that part ... for ANY OF THE BRANDS I HAVE OWNED ! The electronics are fine , just the probe is bad . Like some folks here have said in previous postings , maybe you get lucky and have it work for a while , but if you use it like I do and cook roasts in the kitchen oven and slow cook in my Weber grill 3 or 4 times a month , you 're destined for disappointment and disaster ! ... and for this kind of money , I would expect a better designed product !
 You ca n't choose the temperature , the thermometer decides . Well , I do n't WANT my beef cooked to a minimum of 145 . I do n't want to overcook my poultry to 180 . You have to reset it by taking the battery covers off both the remote and the base every time you use it.This is a very poorly planned item . I expected better from Weber .
 I used this product 3 times before it broke . Very cheaply made . Ca n't find replacement parts . I recommend going with a higher quality product . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I loved this thermometer when I first got it . It lasted a few months and then went crazy giving absurd readings . The first Weber product that is just garbage . Do n't buy it !
 I got this as a gift . It never worked and frankly I did n't expect it to work . Being an engineer , I was dubious that you could design properly at a cost the average backyard griller would pay . After reading the reviews , I 'm not going to screw with it . Just tossed in the garbage . Probably would n't trust it anyway . You can get a good meat thermometer for $ 25 that will last your cooking lifetime , more or less.Cheers
 This thermometer worked for about three sessions before failing . The wireless signal either is not being picked up or theres a short in the probe as so many other reviews comment on . This was truly a waste of money and it annoys me because I believe its due to incompetent design on webers part . You know if webber were to charge another ten bucks and actually build something that works they would have a lot more happy customers . I have little patience for incompetence and I chose the Weber brand for the reliable name but got some piece of plastic off shore crap . In short do n't waste your money .
 I like the idea of this thermometer , but it only worked about three times . I changed the batteries several times , but it is still failing . When it worked , it was nice , but again , that was about three times . Most recently , I will turn it on and it will read about 88-97 ambient temperature . Obviously , I do n't heat my house to 97 degrees . I will put it into a cold roast , fish fillet , or what ever and usually the temperature reading will spike to some unrealistic number . When I put it into a roast which has been in the crock pot for about two hours -LRB- still bloody and have about 4-5 hours left -RRB- it will shoot up to 190-ish degrees and alarm louder than my smoke detectors . The thing just does n't work . I bought an analog thermometer , tried an true ... granted it does n't beep , it is not wireless -LRB- well , I guess technically there are no wires to it -RRB- and I have to get up to look at the temperature , but I am okay with that.Do not buy this garbage .
 This is our second Weber thermometer which has not worked . We have not been able to get either one to synch . I contacted the manufacturer to see if we were doing something wrong and did not receive a response . Based on previous reviews synching is a problem . This is supposed to be a good thermometer but I would not know .
 Piece of junk . Works okay initially , then find out that it continues to drain batteries even after being shut off . Batteries need to be removed after each use . Lasted one grilling season . Would not recommend .
 Too bad I did not see the reviews before I bought this in a hardware store . This is the first review I have ever posted on Amazon , due to my overwhelming disgust with this product . It worked for exactly 6 uses before failing in exactly in the way described in these posts ; suddenly reading 199 and above when the meat was nowhere near this temperature . What a POS .
 I received this as a gift after I bought a Weber Smokey Mountain Cooker . It worked great the first two times I used it , then the probe failed open -LRB- high resistance -RRB- . Accuracy was a little questionable which could be an issue , especially for smoking at a low temp . I work with delicate instumentation and electronics on a daily basis , and I handled this one `` with kid gloves '' ... never closed a lid on it , bent it , twisted it , dropped it , spindled it , or anything . My personal opinion is that the probe/wire portion of this device is too thin and flimsy for its purpose -LRB- or any purpose -RRB- . All of my other Weber accessories are outstanding -LRB- Rib Racks , Roast Rack , Smoker itself , brush , Chimney , etc -RRB- but they really dropped the ball on this one.The bottom line is that the wireless thermometer is a great idea ... but pay a little more and get one that will last . In the meantime , I hope Weber releases an upgraded version if they have n't already .
 After about 10 ueses , the display reads 199 degrees no matter what I do . I tried resetting , changing batteries -- no change .
 I have purchaed two of these thermometers . The first stopped working within three months . The second never worked properly . I had to reset it everytime to syncronize the unit . Now after less then 10 uses , it reads 100 degrees at room temperature.Do not buy this .
 This was the best thermometer I ever used -- until it broke . I dropped the transmitter about 2 feet and that was it . Now it 's dead and I only got about 10 uses out of it .
 I love this thing ! But after using it about 15 times it stopped working . Do n't know if it was dropped or not . Tried changing batteries . Tried reseting everything .
 We had this thermometer for one summer . When we first got it , we were thrilled . It tells you when the meat it done so you do n't overcook it on the grill . However , after about 3 months of moderate use -LRB- I think we used it about once every 1-2 weeks -RRB- , it just died . We tried to reset it , changed the batteries , etc. , but nothing worked . It would turn on , but it would n't read a temperature . We finally threw it away . For $ 30 , I expected it to last longer than it did , but for the short time it did work , it worked great .
 I received this item for my birthday . Initially , it was difficult to set up , and a little confusing . I got it working , and it seemed good . After about 20 minutes with the probe in the meat in the grill , it started going crazy , saying everything was overcooked . I checked it , and it seems the wire had melted . it had not been misused at all , I used it exactly as the manufacturer suggest I use it -LRB- on my Weber grill no less -RRB- , and it melted into uselessesness .
 Used it 4 times and it worked great . The fifth and last time I tried it , -LRB- it 's now going into the trash can . -RRB- it gave such a false reading that I screw up my nice lamb shoulder . Best to use the old fashioned instant thermometer - at least it 's accurate . So there you are - $ 39 for a usless thermometer and $ 11 for a ruined lamb shoulder .
 The quality is not up to Weber Standards . The nominal temperatures for various degrees of `` wellness '' do not agree with the temperatures published in Weber 's cookbooks and they 're NOT adjustable . Further , the product needed replacement twice in the first sixty days of ownership . The only good thing about this item is Weber 's service & support personnel . They 're absolutely excellent .
 Unfortunatly I did not read the negative reviews on this product prior to purchasing . I did n't even get 1 productive usage from this product . It stopped working somewhere during the first usage . I payed $ 30 and all I got was useless electronics and an undercooked piece of meat .
 I had this for a year before it finally died . Even at its best it usually took a few tries -LRB- on and off cycles -RRB- to get it to connect . Also , there is no user defined temperature alarm , so you are forced to use their presets .
 My experience with this product reads like hundreds I have read for all the timers out there . Used it once or twice on the grill , cleaned it so thoroughly that I broke the sensor by dipping it in water . They need to put a manual inside that include all the exception behaviors to be avoided .
 My thermometer started failing while cooking the Thanksgiving turkey . It was unable to receive the remote even though about 25 feet separated them . I replaced the batteries in both the remote and monitor and everything seemed to work . The next day the monitor just flashed some digits and would not synchronize with the remote . I replaced batteries , did resets etc. to no avail . I had only used the device about a dozen times previously . Suggest the Redi-Check device from Maverick , I 've used one of those for three years without any problems .
 Owned this for around four months and used it about eight times before it broke . The probe reads 199 and it beeps all the time . I can plug in one of my probes from a different manufacturer and it works , but the plug is not exactly the same and wo n't stay in place . Thus I have a $ 42 pile of junk .
 I initially loved this item and even bought one for a friend . Since then I have replaced the probe 3 times . The last probe only lasted 1 time and then failed in the middle of the prime rib I was cooking , leaving me to guess ! Weber should think twice before putting their name on this product . There is no reason why these probes should fail as I have used thermocouples in industrial applications that hold up well and are inexpensive . Weber has replaced 2 of the probes , but are now saying they will charge for the next one . They take several weeks to get and cost about $ 11.00 .
 I returned mine . Why ? Because it does not give you a reading for anything over 199 degrees . I purchased mine for use in a Weber smoker . I wanted to measure temperatures up to 220 degrees inside the smoker . This timer only registers to 199 degrees . After that it just beeps to tell you -LRB- as the directions say :-RRB- `` out of range '' . It worked fine below that , but it was useless with any temps over that . It says the probe can register up to 480 degrees or something , so why limit the readout ?
 Add me to the list of disappointed Weber fans . This thermometer is a disappointment . We probably used it three times . When I got it back out to use in grilling a turkey breast , we could n't get it to work . We replaced the batteries to no avail . The probe just would n't work . My friend who was visiting said the same thing happened to the one they had . We have had it more than a year , but had hardly used it . For the times it functioned properly , it was wonderful . But that 's about $ 10.00 per use ! Do n't buy .
 Stopped working after 2 uses . Was n't abused at all . The transmiter 's red LED just stayed on constantly . It 's supposed to blink when working properly and it would n't send a signal . I 've decided to go with the Maverick ET-73
 First - the probe itself was defective - a short circuit or open circuit . It would not show a temperature . I had a similar probe from a Williams-Sonoma oven thermometer that worked fine with the Weber , so I know it was the Weber probe that was defective.Second , and more important - you can not program the temperatures for the different foods -LRB- beef , chicken , etc. -RRB- . The pre-programmed `` FDA recommended '' temperatures are all too high - they produce dried meat . My Williams-Sonoma thermometer allows you to change the temperatures to your own liking - so you can produce a rare steak.I bought the Weber because it is designed for grilling , not just ovens , but these flaws caused me to send it back .
 The instruction tell you only in very small print that if the probe touches the metal grill that it burns out the thermister and they dont offer replacement parts so you buy a new one and read the instructipons fine , fine print .
 I am a Weber fan I have a Summit -LRB- Gas -RRB- and Weber Bullet Smoker which are FANTASTIC ! I was really impressed at first with this unit because I could go to bed and cook my Pork -LSB- ... -RSB- and wake every 3-4 hours and read the temperature from the comfort of my bedroom . Going into the fifth time I used this ; it quit . I 've tried another one and the same thing happen ? I 'm shocked that Weber would have a quality control issue . If you can get one of these to work for a reasonable amount of time I would buy one again . Now I have to check the traditional way .
 I ca n't believe Weber put their name on this piece of junk . It worked two or three times -LRB- maybe -RRB- . Since then it does n't indicate a correct temperature , or simply goes to 199 degrees instantly . The way it is set up -LRB- with reset buttons on both units to synchronize the units -RRB- is a joke . Lousy design , inaccurate - I would seriously look for something else .
 I would rate this 5 star if it would always work . I have two units . I have gone through 4 probes that stopped working and gave only 199 readings . The last one was a replacement Weber sent me that worked for one day before going 199 . I called Weber today and the probes are on back order . I 'll bet they 've sent out a lot of probes.Update . Since wrapping the heat exposed portions of my probes in tinfoil I 've had no failures .
 Ordered one of these , and it worked reasonably well the first couple of times I used it , but then the receiving unit stopped getting the signal from the probe , I changed batteries , tried multiple times to get it to work again , but no dice .
 I have owned 4 or 5 of the Webber units that are essentially the same design as all of the wireless units on the market . I have also owned 8 or 10 of the probes that stick into the meat.The thermometers are great when they work . They are so good that , even knowing the design flaw , I keep buying them and replacement probes.The receivers and transmitters all work well and seem to have an expected long lifetime . The probe is the Achilles heel in every make and model of wireless thermometer . Within the metal , flexible shielded cable that runs from the probe to the transmitter are small wires . Small weak wires . Small fragile wires . Small worthless wires due to their failure rate.If the user closes the lid of the BBQ or smoker on the metal shielded cable between the probe and the transmitter , the internal wires WILL fail . It may take 2 or 3 times , but they will fail . If the metal shielded cable is kinked or bent too sharply , the internal wires will fail.A couple of years ago I was on the Webber customer service line -LRB- again -RRB- requesting a new probe because the wires failed . I asked the customer service representative if she owned one of these wireless systems and , to my surprise , she said `` Are you kidding ? I would NEVER own one of these '' . I asked her why and she said `` I have a full time job , 7 days a week taking calls just like this one - people complaining 8 hours a day , 7 days a week because the probe failed '' . Now , if I were her boss , I would have fired her on the spot . From a consumer 's point of view I found this somewhat alarming.This summer I will probably buy another and attempt to keep the smoker 's lid from crushing the tiny worthless wires - but eventually I will fail and so will the probe.In short , this is a great product with a major and easily correctable design flaw . Be prepared that the wires within the shielded cable can and will fail .
 I was very disappointed by this product . The reviews I had read mentioned that it has presets -- but so do my car radio and my oven , and I can change the presets around how I like them , or set other options on my own . The reviews did NOT mention the most crucial thing to know : This thermometer ONLY allows you to use the presets . There are no other options . If you do n't like the presets , you 're out of luck.It also plays food nanny -- there 's no setting but `` well done '' for hamburger , for example , and although the setting for rare beef is _ correct _ , you actually need to take a steak off the grill about 5-10F cooler than that because of carryover heat.This was a gift for my husband , and both of us are disappointed . It wo n't get any use at all , and because of the type of packaging , we ca n't even pack it back up to return it . Big thumbs down , and an annoying waste of money .
 Do not purchase this product ! I bought two of these units . The first one the wire was damaged by the poor insulation of the wire , which Amazon gracefully replaced for free . The second unit failed again , at that point I was done with this unit ... did n't feel like badgering Amazon , so I 'll keep looking for a better wireless unit.I thought it was user error , but reading the other user reviews I think it 's design error .
 Unfortunately I have to join the crowd who managed to use it only once . Worked nice once and then died , no replacement sensor available . Looks like Weber have stretched their brand a bit too much so it covers also plenty of random junk . Beware also of Disposable Matchless Flame Lighter , it 's premium priced cheap plastic imitation of real thing . Real pity , then marketing takes over the company and you can not trust trademark anymore .
 I 've never posted before , but thought I should add my .02 . My unit worked once -- and never again . Tried the new battery thing as well , to no avail . Grrrr . Very annoying to read that SO many others had similar problems -- and yet the product is still being sold .
 I had many problems with mine . Some work well but others do not . They are very cheap and the probes fail ... some almost immediately.I initially purchased one of these thermometers for about $ 25 and it worked just great , so I bought another one and it worked great too . Then I saw them on sale for $ 4 each and purchased 10 of them , Well the two had initially purchased finally crapped out after many many uses and after a year , so I took a new one out of the package and it did n't work at all and only about 1/2 of them worked out of those ten . Eventually they all crapped out too and I guess I got what I paid for . These thermometers are also marketed under the name Oregon Scientific and Nexxtech in addition to Weber.It also has preset readings which are set to a maximum of 180 degrees . The things will read higher temps but only after alarming various points prior to hitting the temp settings . I found that real annoying.Based on my experience with them and other folks on the BBQ forums , I would not purchase one .
 If you 're looking for a decent digital thermometer to cook various items I 'd recommend buying this one is you 'll only use it once . After that , this thermometer will fail to tell you the current temperature of what you 're cooking . PLUS , if you 're looking for a thermometer to alert you once the meat heats to a specific temperature that you desire , you 'll need to look elsewhere . The fine folks at the Weber company , apparently , do n't trust your ability to gauge what temperature corresponds with your desired level of doneness . This thermometer will only alert you on four levels with Beef and one on all other meats . So , again , this is a $ 35 let down and a word of advice for the Weber company
 I used this for about 10 minutes , then it kept reading 199F . The thermostat stopped working , even though the probe was at room temp . Even a few days later it worked the same , kept reading 199F . Called customer service and they said to use the reset buttons by the battery in compartment . It did n't work . Then they were no help . Bottom line , reading the rest of the reviews , this product is not fit for consumer distribution .
 The probe damaged easily in small grease fire in grill . Now I am out looking for a new probe . Worked great in an oven , where there is no chance of a fire .
 We liked our digital thermometer so much that we bought this one for our son -- we 're sure he will love it also.after use , we have to change our rating -- the transmission does not work . like most remote thermometers , this one is a failure.do not waste your money
 This item is advertised on may different websites at $ 29.99 , however when you try to buy it , Amazon suddenly jacks the price up to $ 34.99 ?
 Looking on the web , there are many sources for high temperature wire , like for aerospace uses , so I suppose someone handy could rewire the probe without much difficulty . Of course , the special wire might cost more than the whole deal .
 I am giving this two stars because it is so great while it works . But my probe failed after a month or so . I am a sucker and loved this item and went and bought another one at the local store . And , again , probe failure after a a month or two . Do not buy this . Weber you are a great company ; shame on you for putting your name on this .
 All reviews indicating probe failure are consistent with my findings , which is an engineering design flaw in the choice of low-temp material for the wire insulation that eventually carbonizes with high-temp exposure -LRB- my opinion -RRB- . The thermister sensor itself remains functional -LRB- assumming it was always inside food ; I disassembled one probe to confirm how it failed -RRB- . The failure will not usually occur immediately , unless exposed to very high temp , such as a grill on sear . As far as I can tell all probes of different manufactures are essentially of the same design -LRB- I have several , and they are interchangeable among the units -RRB- . The main point to take away is that ALL of these will eventually fail after accumulating enough high-temp exposure time . You are essentially cooking the wire insulation until it carbonizes internally and shorts out the sensor . The silly part of this is high-temp wire probes have been around for decades , so this is just plain bad engineering , not rocket science , but so far -LRB- based in part on other reviews -RRB- I do n't know of anyone doing it correctly in the consumer market -LRB- you need an industrial probe -RRB- . The worst environment for these is the grill , which is why I put this review here ; you may get only one use .
 I purchased this product about two years ago and it 's great for cooking meats on the grill . No more second guessing whether the chicken is done -LRB- or overdone -RRB- . But so far I 've gone through three sensor wires in that short time period . Each time they failed -LRB- reading of 199 immediately after turning it on -RRB- , I 've had to call Weber and request a replacement . I was always accused of closing the lid on the wire , which I never did -- I would always make sure the wire was placed in one of the little notches on the side of our Weber grill . But to their credit , they eventually would agree to send me out a new one.After the third sensor wire failed just recently , they sternly informed me that `` this would be the last time '' they would replace it since I 've had the product for more than a year . The unit has a one-year warranty , but I guess it does n't matter that I never got more than a year out of any of the sensors.If they improved the durability of the sensor wire then they would have a great product on their hands . As it stands now , I 'd steer clear of this product .
 I bought two of these units . The instructions require you to reset the receiving unit in order to get it to synch with the sending unit . However , it does not seem to work . After many attempts and much frustration , I got it to work.The unit seems very accurate , and its great to have it remote . However , I have already ruined one of the two probes , as I inserted it into the meat immediately , while I was still searing . My grill temp must have been over the 480 degree limit , as the probe has now been damaged and does not work at all .
 Weber should be ashamed to have their name on this . No timer , the temperatures are already programmed -LRB- rare , med rare , well done -RRB- , you ca n't adjust them . After the first hour it lost the signal and I could get it back , turned it on and off , nothing . Spend a few extra dollars and get the Redi-Check , it has a timer , you can set the temperature , and the remote sensor has a temperature read out . I own 2 Weber grills , and I only buy Weber accessories , but this one is junk !
 At first , I was thrilled . It worked great for one BBQ smoking session , then stopped working , then worked intermittently , then stopped again . Tried new batteries to no avail . I am very disappointed in Weber for putting their name on this piece of junk . Do not buy this under any circumstances .
 This product was great for the first 3 months of use . It worked really well and we were very happy campers . Our friend bought one and his lasted through only 2 uses , ours died unexpectedly after s couple months usage .
 The temp probe will fail after a few uses . The temp will read 199 F when it fails . DON `` T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 The first two of these did n't work right out of the package . Even the barbeque specialty store owner could n't get either of them to work . The third worked for 1 hour even though I was only using it to spot check the meat -LRB- did n't leave the probe inside the grill -RRB- It is now in the trash , at $ 3.50 a gallon I wo n't waste the gas to return it again !
 Same problem as everyone else - temp probe fails with `` 199 '' degrees as soon as you turn them both on . Before it died , it worked great , but I 'd recommend you get a quality instant read thermometer instead ... this just is n't reliable enough to count on for the long run .
 This unit is great when it works . The trouble is that it never works . In my case , the remote unit does n't recognize the sending unit at about 20 feet.I 've used mine about 3 times and it stopped working . I ca n't believe that I paid almost $ 50 for this thing .
 I 'm on my third one and am opting for a different brand now . The first one I bought worked fantastically for the first year or two . No issue - very easy to use , worked like a charm . One day the probe got soaked in water and stopped working . No warranty coverage and no way to buy a replacement for just that part . So , I bought a new one . That one broke within a couple of weeks . In a thanksgiving/turkey emergency , I bought a third one . Now that one is broken also . Overall , if you get lucky , this could work great for you , but if it breaks , you 're pretty much out of luck .
 Received this as a gift . Used once , it worked great . Now it tells me that my refrigerator is at 132 degrees . I suspect its the temperature probe . Cheaply made . Buyer beware !
 i bought this thermometer last summer and amazed myself and my friends . that is untill i burnted $ 100.00 worth of pork tenderloins because it stopped working . i called the place i bought it from and because i couldnt find the reciept would not take it back . i tried new batteries and still have a blank current temp reading . i have every weber access . made besides the handle lights which after the thermometer im not sure about buying.if weber -LRB- china -RRB- could redesign this product to actully keep working it would be a perfect access . for any griller . other than that you could probably take your friends advise what to do with it .
 It works okay but you can not set the temperature my probe failed Yet I was careful to shield it form heat and water . To make matters worse this was before the upcoming labor day cook . You have to call Weber for a replacement.Unfortunaltely it was back ordered . I was cheerfully told If I placed an order now I could get one after Sept 22 . I replied I needed it for labor day . their answer was well if you do not order it now It may be delayed even more.This matters to me How ? Get something else
 used this thermometer one time , ever since it automatically reads 199 degrees , do not buy
 This is made by `` Oregon Scientific '' with the Weber name attached . It failed for me within 2 months . Contacting the parent company for help was no use at all and they refused to replace the item . Do n't waste your money on this particular item
 I have owned this chain saw for a while now . I bought it to clean up after a storm and while it lasted , it performed as expected . I am not a heavy user of chain saws and this saw had less than 50 hours use when the engine melted down this last weekend . Very disappointed , I thought troybilt had a reputation for quality . This saw did not last as long as my MCculloch which was a cheap saw .
 I bought this at Lowe 's thinking I was getting a quality machine that was made in Wisconsin . I never paid attention to the small writing on the label until the thing fell apart in less than 2 months . Oiler broke , enginge would die after about 2 minutes at a time.Then finaly would never start againThis is not a Troy-Bilt but a cheap China made product that is the exact same saw as the McCulloch that was selling for $ 100.00 less . Just red instead of yellowIn today 's market brand name no longer matters because there are companies like Troy-Bilt trying to deceive you into thinking you are buying a better product because of thier name.I wound up buying an American made Poulan pro 20 '' It is a pleasure to run and can cut a cord of wood without even adjusting the blade.I dont like being tricked and will avoid Troy-Bilt products forever
 I needed a mid-sized saw for smaller things around my place . This Troy Bilt got really , really great reviews . I bought it . Now after using it for less than 50 hours , the chain oiler is ` melted ' and of course no oil on the chain - ca n't use saw . It starts GREAT ! - no doubt about the Spring Assist it is a real asset.My problem is that I took it to a repair shop . Normally , I do all my repairs myself , but I had a bunch of other things on the bench already . This repair shop is supposed to do all makes and models . Well , I get a call and they tell me that they ca n't get parts for it and therefore ca n't repair it . Did I want them to toss it for me ? I said no , of course and in 5 minutes I had downloaded a parts manual and ordered the parts.MY PROBLEM IS
 The Amazon supplier of this product acording to Amazon customer service was not the manufacturer -LRB- MTD -RRB- . I ordered this product for a Christmas gift on December 8th and have received no meaningful explanation for `` no delivery '' as of this date 2/8/06 . I called the manufacturer and was told there were no production problems on this new model . I get a weekly computer generated message from Amazon telling me that the anticipated delivery date is one more week ... . one more week ... one more week . After 10 + of such emails I get the distinct impression the supplier is unable to fulfill its obligations and should be removed from this sight , lacking either the desire or capicaty to deliver on its advertised 1-2 week delivery dates.I hesitate to order a different make or model thru Amzon for fear that ordering another chainsaw will result in additional business for the same unknown supplier who is unable to deliver either the product or plausable explanation for failure .
 I purchased this item on 1/14/06 and have received several postponement messages as well . No explanation why . Just that Amazon wanted to let me know that there is a delay with some items in the order I placed . There was also an apology for any inconvenience , and a link to bail out of the order . There is now a delivery estimate of April 17 , 2006 - May 5 , 2006 . I should have purchased this elsewhere . It 's time for Amazon.com to pressure this supplier into making good on their offers .
 This potting soil was absolutely terrible . It contained bits of trash , and much of it was sticks and bits of clay . A few of my plants almost died in this soil because it was devoid of ALL nutrients , macro and micro -- after I repotted them in Miracle Grow , they perked up . It was also filled with gnats and bugs .
 My local hardware store had this on sale last week for $ 1.49 per 20lb bag . I only ever use Miracle Gro , but I bought 5 bags of this thinking I could save some money and hopefully get the same result . What was I thinking ? This stuff is absolutely horrible . When it 's wet , it feels like muddy , greasy clay . Once it dries , it 's so hard , I had difficulty crushing it in my hands . Do n't know what I 'll do with this crap , but I 'm back to buying only Miracle Gro .
 The pump that arrived was not as pictured , but that did n't matter to me as long as the GPH was correct . I used it in a very small fountain and it did n't pump water any faster than my old pump that was only 75 gph . After working for less than a day , it finally ... ran ... down ... to ... a trickle . So I returned it .
 I wish I had read the reviews before ordering . Since I was replacing an old M130 that overheated due to low water , I thought I knew what I was getting.I did read the specifications which said I would get a 15 FOOT CORD but instead I only got a 6 FOOT CORD.I do n't know how I will make this work.I will admit after all the things I have ordered from Amazon , this is the first time they disappointed me .
 Purchased the 200 GPH model as a replacement pump for my fountain after reading the various reviews . Before choosing this model I had read the manufacturers specifications and originally ordered this 130 GPH model which seemed would be up to the job . I was informed by the supplier after a few days that they did not infact have that pump in stock so I ordered the larger model instead assuming it would work even better . Unfortunately , that is not the case . This pump bareley provides enough flow over a 3 1/2 foot high urn style fountain even though the specs say good for up to 4 feet - even at maximum flow setting and clean piping.Would definitely suggest going to a much larger model - even twice the flow rate , and dial back if necessary to suit the need .
 I ordered the Beckett 130gph auto off fountain pump . It arrived on time and as described . I placed it in the fountain , plugged it in , and ... . nothing . I gave it a little shake , heard a faint grinding noise and that was it . I boxed it up and exchanged it for a second one of the same make . Amazon 's return policy made it easy to exchange ! I got the second pump in a matter of days . I again placed the pump in the fountain and this time was excited to see that it pumped . But , alas , my excitement was quickly dashed away when the pump stopped after a mere 3 seconds . But then , all of a sudden it started pumping after nothing for about 2 seconds . It repeated this pattern , 3 seconds on , 2 off , for bit before stopping completely . I am returning the second pump tomorrow and am currently looking for another brand of pump . My advice , stay away from Beckett 's pumps .
 The picture of this pump and the actual pump are not the same . The cord is 1/2 the length stated in the description and the dimensions are not the same . After my first review I was contacted by the distributor and offered five dollors to change my review . The lady told me amazon.com chose the photo to display and it was not her fault the pump and dimensions were not the same as described . Classic bait and switch .
 This rain gauge is not of the quality of the previous gage I had.It is not a jumbo rain gauge as shown on amazon , it is much smaller than the jumbo I had . The size of the gauge in height and the material made out of .
 I set up a heavy thick barrier around a new pond and the frogs -LRB- north american bullfrogs -RRB- did n't seem to mind the smell at all . The snakes living in the surrounding grasses fled , but the frogs made themselves right at home .
 Used this to repel a black snake that insisted on hanging around my front door and slipping into a gap behind my front stoop . Useless . I watched the snake slither right through the stuff on several occasions . Turns out that moth balls from the dollar store works better !
 Have watched , with my own eyes , garter snakes simply slither over a fresh barrier of this without little more than a pause . It certainly is not a sure thing . Smells a bit like mothballs so it might keep them away .
 We applied the Snake Away spreading it like the video suggested . The snakes just laid on top of it . We could not believe it ! It was a waste of money . Ca n't find it on the store shelves , so we ordered on website . Maybe the stores have determined that it does not work and will not carry it anymore . Bought two different times to get the amount we thought we would need to go around the house . Now I wish there is a way to get my money returned . Please tell me how to get my money back ! If you like wasting your money , this is a way to do it .
 The product does work , but only for certain snakes . The deal breaker for me is that it gives off a very strong smell of mothballs . Mothballs themselves would probably work if you ground them up . They cost more than the Snake Away . We unknowingly put it where the fumes could get into the house via the air handler and it was pretty awful until the stuff wore off.So , if you have a problem with the strong smell of mothballs , then you need to find another way to control the snakes .
 Purchased this item only two months ago and already does n't want to start . Contacted Amazon and was told no returns if over 30 days . Troy-Bilt website does n't accept emails and it 's impossible to get a hold of a live person over the phone . Went to a authorized MTD service center to get fixed and they would n't honor the warranty because I purchased it from an out of state dealer . MTD Definitely not a customer friendly company.Very bad shopping experience .
 i own 5 different chainsaws , this was the first for a troybilt , figuring the price at 109 was ok ... BUT even at that price it is worthless to me . it was very hard to start the first time , then within one tank of fuel stopped running - period . i changed fuel etc etc and it just will not run . service from troybilt is non-existent . when the saw did briefly run , for all of 15 mins , it was very cumbersome with it 's weight distribution so far out front that when using a saw horse to buck up wood , the front end weight caused me to have to use great counterforce on the back side , which caused me to get sore very fast . normally i can chainsaw on the horse for about 2 hours with my other saws before the toll is rung up on my back muscles ... but in the 15mins the saw ran , my back was aching.shoulda coulda bought even a sears saw , at least there would have been service . but lesson learned troybilt is NOT what it once was , it now seems to be part of the cheapened down product lines with matching service.do yourself a HUGE favor and really think about MTD and troybilt - you can do much better elsewhere .
 I consider myself fortunate after reading the glowing reviews below ... Yeah , mine also appeared rugged and easy to use too until it died after an easy life and great upkeep . Total use time
 I have owned 4 chainsaws and have never had one that I would consider a piece of junk until this Troy-Bilt . It has been in the shop twice since I purchased it new and still does n't work . It would not run unless it was at full throttle , the chain constantly comes loose , it is difficult to start , two mufflers have fallen apart and now the automatic chain oiler quit working . This saw has seen minimal use and I would not recommend it for anything other than the recycle bin .
 Worst piece of equipment ever owned ; starts hard ; runs poorly ; very difficult to find repair parts ; TroyBilt only sells complete part assemblies that are pricey .
 The saw that I got in June 05 just quit working . Per the local dealer it is unrepairable -LRB- no parts -RRB- . It is still in warranty -LRB- 2 years -RRB- . We 'll see how they back up their product .5 / 17/06 - To Amazon 's credit they attemted to solve the problem , but the 4.5 HP saw was no longer available so they sent the 3.5 HP model . When I noticed the difference , I had already used the saw , but I contacted Amazon . They told me to send the broken 4.5 HP and the working 3.5 HP saw back to them . The 3.5 HP saw made it back to Amazon via UPS . The 4.5 HP saw is in shipping limbo land because I sent it via the US Postal service . Amazon still gave me a refund.About the saw itself : The design of the no tools chain tension mechanism is poor . I needed to adjust the chain tension every 3-4 minutes of run time . There is also a metal/plastic interface designed into the chain tension mechanism that would wear out very quickly . This saw is rated just OK for the ocassional very light duty hoemowner .
 After two uses , the chain stopped turning . I took it to be serviced and was told that it had been run with the chain brake on and just fried the innards !! They would not repair it - under warranty or otherwise ! They said it was irreparably damaged - I took it to another dealer and they told me the same thing -- and that it was not the first time they had seen this happen . How can a chain saw run with the chain brake on ? I suspect that is what happened to the other reviewers who reported that it smoked and stopped running . I spent $ 90 for nothing.I should have read ALL the reviews - I bet others who reviewed this favorably by now have had it burn up on them!P.S . - I bought a new -LRB- but more expensive -RRB- Makita electric chainsaw - it 's designed so that if the chain brake is tripped , so is the power , so the saw ca n't be run with the brake on . That was the problem with the Troybilt - you can unintentionally run the saw with the brake on - and chew up the gears in no time . In reading the reviews , I see I was n't the only one to have the problem . Spend your money wisely . To Amazon 's credit , they did refund the purchase , net of postage which was pretty expensive , but ... so be it .
 Mine dead after less than 10 time lightly use . As a mechanical engineer , today I opened just try to find out what cause the problem . Inside this chainsaw , there a metal wheel squeezed by a steel belt act as the brake as a safety feature . The belt is tensioned by spring , push the spring with the brake handle to released belt from the wheel . The problem is , the steel belt is so tight and hard that NEVER release the belt loosely in normal operation , this cause the heat built up and melt the plastic housing , that make the case even worse when you next time use it , eventually the steel belt , the plastic housing , and the drive metal wheel , all squeezed together . I spent more than 2 hours just try to remove the steel belt , try to save it by totally removing the brake.Geared with the metal wheel , it 's plastic gear -LRB- parts
 1st use , A little smoke can out of the motor vent . The blade was turning and the motor did n't seem warm , but the trans stopped working in about 2 minutes . Looks good just did n't work .
 I bought this ash hoe handle based on the other reviews and now I wish I had gone with the cheaper $ 1 Mil hoe handle . Yea , it 's great and all that but I do n't think it was worth the additional $ 1.5 Mil .
 Someday I 'll learn not to buy cheap pruners . The handle came loose on the first use . They 're fine for small branches and twigs but certainly were n't made for the kind of work I had in mind . I once had a pair of pruners that lasted an entire season of cutting through thick branches -- if only I could remember what brand they were ! Feel free to email me if you can recommend some that will last .
 powerful chainsaw for dry wood ... wet wood is another matter with this saw . the chain that came with the saw jumped the bar after about 15 minutes of use on the 3rd chain adjustment . . you can get a better repalcement chain for it right from home depot . Also the wire coming from the shut off switch keeps working loose from vibration.it does eat alot of gas but the engine doesnt say maybe as long as the wood is dry.its an ok saw for the price . . ya get what ya pay for !!!
 This needs a lot of water pressure to work right , I hooked up a splitter so I can get more coverage with 2 of these and it barely dribbled out . Kind of waste of money for my little experiment
 It 's only good as by itself -LRB- use as a walking trail stick -RRB- , but when you integrated with the hoe ; then it wo n't work . The handle is smaller than the eye hoe . It is n't fit properly . And they want to charge restocking fee -LRB- 25 % -RRB- and no shipping fee . Forget it . I 'd rather burn it . I 'll never buy it again !
 Unfortunately the handle on my shears shattered after 1 month . Until that that they cut very well , but I 'm not so sure about the wooden handles . My suggestion is to get the shears below which have steel handles . They are also less expensive!Fiskars Power-Lever 10-Inch Hedge Shears # 9177
 I purchased the Fiskars 9180 hedge shears to do some clean up of vines in my back yard . The shears worked quite well at first , even taking down 1/4 '' soft tree limbs . Within the third hour of my project , I noticed the blades not closing all the way , the handles not meeting at the rubber stops . A metal pin that holds the two blades together had moved , causing the blades to become uneven . Thinking this was just a minor issue , I pushed the pin back into place , which aligned the blades . One or two vines later , the pin fell out into my lap in two pieces . Needless to say , it was totally out of commission.The label on the handle clearly said Lifetime Warranty . However , the life of these trimmers was about 3 hours . I called the toll free number on the label and spoke with a Fiskars rep. They were pleasant but did n't seem very concerned about my disappointment in their product . They advised me to return them to the store in which I purchased them . I did so , and bought another brand , better quality .
 could be a lot better if it had more set in the blade -LRB- wider at the teeth -RRB-
 This flag is very cheap in construction . Flag itself is very thin and could never be used on a moving vehicle as it would surely shred very quickly . The field of my flag also has a stain on it .
 This is not a reliable product . It is a car flag and should hold up while driving , at least until it becomes old and ratty . The first time it was used , however , it broke . That should not happen the first time a car flag is used . I do not advise buying this product .
 These are poorly made . Mine lasted a couple years and fell apart . They never worked right in the first place.I now have to buy another pair . I 'll get something of a better quality this time .
 I 've used a few different Fiskars garden tools , and they do not stay sharp for very long at all . Not worth it . Spend more on Felco brand and get quality that lasts for many years .
 The 9109 is described as being Made in the USA . The ones I received were made in China . They are going back .
 Give me a Wolf Garden pruner any day of the week . I asked for garden tools for my birthday and got this from my sister . I use Wolf garden tools and got these . No comparison in quality . Sorry Fiskars but your made in China quality does not hold up .
 Blatant misrepresentation . I chose this pruner because I wanted a quality product that was made in the U.S.A. I do not desire to contribute to a crippling trade deficit , nor do I wish to support a country that has a business community and government as corrupt and immoral as China 's . I also wish to have my money go to support jobs with decent pay and humane working conditions . Under the heading &#34; Product Description &#34; in the &#34; From the Manufacturer &#34; section it stated &#34; The 9109 Bypass Pruner is manufactured by Fiskars in the USA &#34; . The product packaging states &#34; Made in China &#34; . Classic bate and switch . I will never buy another product from Fiskars . I 'll get of my soap box now .
 Not what I expected ... FISKARS are supposed to be high quality stainless made in Finland . These are ordinary steel , ordinary pruners , made in the USA for Fiskars . I returned them . Fiskars Garden Shears Model 9637 are the real thing . But now that these pruners are reduced in price , as long as you know what you are getting , they are n't a bad buy .
 Look good but pure junk as the hingle is plastic and mine broke the second time I used it
 Grips slide off all the time . Big gap between the blade and the anvil which leaves a rough cut .
 This product much like the 3500 hand spreader fell apart in less than one hour . When I told them I bought it on Amazon they told me , `` We do n't manufacture Amazon . '' Customer Service is a front line of know nothings with a President of Sales that hides out and does not return calls .
 I am mechanically inclined and yet it still took me a full two hours to assemble this product . That is longer than it has taken me to assemble any other consumer product and it is , IMHO , unconscionable for a $ 160 spreader . The instructions are extremely poor , the process gratuitously difficult and you need to provide your own tools . Once fully assembled , it appears to be a decent spreader but do n't even think about buying this product if you are not prepared for a long and frustrating assembly process.I will say that Amazon had the best price I could find and the product arrived quickly .
 Anyone not mechanically inclined should be careful before buying this spreader . The assembly instructions are garbage . Half of the parts do n't match up with the instructions , the best picture of the fully assembled product is on this website , and if you really NEED the instructions you 're going to be very frustrated with the lack of critical detail . I had to take the whole thing apart and re-assemble it without the instructions to get it to work properly . It spent a couple of hours in the garbage can in the meantime before I decided to start over .
 Not worth the price.impossible to assemble , without calling the help line , , on hold.Not sure how this got 50 , 5 star ` sLook for something else ...
 I purchased my 2150 spreader last fall and used it once to spread pelletized fall fertilizer on my half acre lawn , washed it out immediately afterwards and then stored it insisde my garage over the winter . I used it again in early April to spread pelletized lime , washed it again and stored it indoors . Two weeks later I used it to spread spring pelletized fertilizer only to have the gearbox completely jam-up on me . Beware of the 90 day warranty , I guess !
 Do n't be misled by the heading , in which the sprinkler is said to be `` cast iron . '' It is in fact `` impact-resistant plastic '' i.e. , cheap plastic , as indicated in the finer print below . I doubt it will last very long.Amazon should be ashamed .
 Once you attach your hoses to this product , you may never again be able to release them , even if you used teflon tape on the threads . The male connectors on the device will rotate when you try to remove attached hoses , rendering the attached hoses permanently attached to the device . I wrote the manufacturer about this , asking for a suggestion on how to release my hoses , but they do n't care enough about their customers to respond to such a query .
 The plastic piece broke on mine in a few months , , , , , , suppossed to be HEAVY DUTY ... ?? Why ca n't someone in the US design somthing good .
 I bought two of these from Lowes . On one the rubber seal on the hose bib connection failed after a couple months . On the other water leaked from the left dial control .
 I installed the this fitting at the end of my hose and tested it . The first couple times it leaked so I tightend the screws a little each time . Before the screws ever got tight enough to stop the leaking they pulled through the top portion of the screw hole . I had to buy a metal fitting of a different design .
 We are commercial farmers . We purchased this seeder to seed small areas where we were growing small scale organic crops . We have nealy perfect sandy loam and we till under green manures such as sorghum and buckwheat to ammend the soil . The problem with this seeder is that even the smallest scraps of tilled under plant material would build up in front of the plow of ths seeder and made it impossible to push forward without your body weight bending the handles . We had to stop every 10 feet or so , pick up the seeder and remove the clumped up composted plant material before proceeding . The other problem we had with this seeder is that small seed such as radish , turnip , collards and kale would become lodged between the seed plate and the body of the hopper which would grind off the outer layer of the seed or crack the seed . The seed plate does not pick up seed out of the hopper consistently , so instead of have my sweet corn come up every 4 inches , I would have long runs of 6 or more feet where the seeder did not pick up a corn kernal from the hopper and seed it . I believe if this seeder had a taller , heavier front wheel and more sturdy steel handles , you could probably muscle through turned under green manure better . And they need to improve the design of the seed plates so a seed is picked up in each seed slot and seeded . Until the design is changed , this seeder is only good for use in light , weed/green manure-free sandy soil -- it simply can not be pushed in anything heavier without bending the handles . In lieu of this seeder , I am buying a high wheel cultivator and hand dropping/covering my seeds by hand . is picke up oneach revolution d
 Very Poor recommenadtion : Do n't be fooled into buying the Earthway Precision Garden Seeder , thinking that it is a quality piece of machinery . Cheap , cheap , plastic TV trays are made of better stuff . The hopper and wheels are made of cheap black plastic , the rest is made of very flimsy and thin aluminum . The whole thing does not weigh enough to make the wheels turn under its own weight when you push it . You have to bear down on it to make it roll.It will not stand the test of time in your garden.It will just be another broken do-dad laying around with weeds growing up in it in your yard.If all that is not bad enough , the seed plate for corn picks up anywhere from two , to four , pieces of sweet corn seed in every seed cup , leaving you with four , to sixteen , seeds of corn planted every 9 inches.I was dis-mayed at the poor quality of this product and dis-heartened at the poor planting results.I am currently using a home-made planter consisting of a funnel attached to a three foot length of 1 '' PVC water pipe via hot glue gun and I am very satisfied with the results , and the precision at which the seeds are placed as I drop them one by one into the funnel and down the length of PVC pipe . The funnel cost $ 1.00 at Dollar Tree . The PVC water pipe cost .35 cents per foot . Total price = $ 2.05 + TAX .
 Quite a few things wrong with this unit , so here 's a list ... Soil needs to be perfectly smooth - Rocks , weeds , compost will all collect in front of the seed chute and stop it dead.It 's not enough to disc your plot . You need screened topsoil ... or sand.Does not cover seeds - the chain device is useless . You have to go back over each row or the birds will get your seed.You have to push down HARD to make the front wheel roll , and it still slips - It really should be made with a big heavy front wheel for momentum . Think of a bicycle wheel.Seeds pop out of the hopper - The motion of the disk in the hopper makes seeds pop out of the top . When this happens , the hopper looks like a pop corn popper . It 's so ridiculous that I was SURE I lost the hopper cover somewhere . Surely they would have thought of a hopper cover , right ? They did n't . No cover.The row marker is useless . Trying to use it just adds more drag to your already difficult forward momentum . Forget this feature.Sometimes it gets the spacing right , sometimes it does n't get any seeds , sometimes it gets 3 . The only way I can see this working is in a DEEP , well defined furrow and then cover over it manually . That will reduce this thing to just dropping seeds and poorly spaced at that , which I 'm sure I can match with a little aim .
 I just finished planting 35 x 25 ft of corn , and my back is killing me . I thought the reason I bought this thing was so I would n't be in pain after planting . The main problem is it 's lack of weight , thus requiring your garden to be free of anything but fine soil and very level . I had to grab it at both ends and force it through the soil as I walked sideways all the way down the row . Then I went back and re-planted the corn that was laying on top of the soil -LRB- 20 % -RRB- .
 I thought this would be nice , but I think its was money wasted.Its to hard to push in the ground , if it was sand it might would be easy , but in dirt it to much work . I would rather plant my hand .
 I think the product is well over priced for the job it did . It dropped to many seed 's . It called for one seed every 7 '' . this planter dropped 5 to 8 seed 's every 7 '' . It does not cover the seeds as stated . If someone wants one for half price , I have one for sale . Just remember there is nothing precise about this machine . Do n't waste your money .
 The plates do pick up the seeds very well . It is flimsy and lightweight . If the plates do pick up seeds , they pick up way too many and over plant your rows . Save your money , this thing is a piece of junk .
 Not happy with this . It was really not what I was looking for . Having bought it , I will have to keep it and put it in my yard sale . However , it arrived well packaged and in 2 days after my order was placed . That 's was I call GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE so 5 STARS for the seller . Just not happy with my choice of seeder .
 I need to call tech support to see if this is just a bad unit . Assembled quite easily , large seeds seems to work well but the smaller the seed , the more it tends to -LRB- profoundly -RRB- over seed and then simply mash the seeds and the wheel gets jammed and distorted with the crushed seed debrie . I 'll contract customer service and if remedied will raise my rating . So now I have rows that will need a LOT of thinning and a bunch a crushed kale seed ...
 i was so excited to buy the machine . i even paid more to get it delivers sooner . when i get home , trying to test the butternut seed , the seed was not fitting with any on the disc . it spoilt all my excitement.can someone tell me which seeder am suppose to try to win . i dont feel like buying more discs until someone tell me if there is disc for this.is it possible that the discs are US sizes . i tried fitting all but i failed.later
 I would not recommend this tool or gadget to anyone . Your soil has to be this finest and even then my plantings were sparse and uneven . I hand planted several rows at the same time and they came up perfect , so I know it was not the seeds . I planted corn and beans and got the same result with both plantings .
 It did cut the furrows to desired depth but it was hit and miss sowing beans and small peas . It did not sow the small dill seeds but periodically . I had to go back and sow the misses by hand and then cover the seeds with my rake .
 I have a fairly big garden , so I decided to make my life a little easier next spring , and thus I bought this seeder . However , so far , it 's not what I thought I would be getting as far as a truly precision planter is concerned . The seeds dropped irratically and/or popped out of the bin because the plates would bind up then suddenly spring loose . I used different sized plates trying to find that exact match with the same results . I contacted the factory by email -LRB- their response was very quick -RRB- and was told to use bee 's wax and soap to make it work correctly . For the price of the unit , I expected something with less `` after-market engineering '' required by me to make it funtion as advertised . I refuse to admit defeat , so I 'm keeping it and will continue to practice with it until spring . If it or I do n't get better , I know where you can get a used one cheap next summer !
 I want to start this review by telling you this product is fairly unique . There are only 2-3 companies making this type of seeder and the Earhway model is very popular and well promoted . The idea behind it is great and allows any untrained person to plant row crops in a competent way.The problem is the implementation , namely the cheapness of the machine . It is made from the cheesiest aluminum available that has no rigidity whatsoever . If flexes and bends in all directions at the slightest touch or wind blow . The holder that is supposed to hold the spacing arm when not in use , is a sad joke . It is made of plastic and held by two tiny plastic triangles that fit in holes drilled in the sides of the hadle arms . The hadle arms are the flimsy aluminum that ca n't hold their shape or position , and as a consequence , the ill-fitting plastic holder pops out every thirty seconds -LRB- on a good day -RRB- . In addition , the spacing arm is too light . It 's primary function is to ride along the dirt and leave behind a line that is parallel to your first planted row . You are supposed to follow this line when planting the second row , and the next line when planting the third . In theory this is fantastic , but in practice , the arm is too light and barely leaves any mark in the dirt . Maybe at the beach it would leave a mark in the sand , but not in my dirt patch.Summary
 i found this unit in my grandfathers garage and decided to give it a shot . after harrowing a field until the soil bed was just right i selected the seed plate to fit my seed and adjusted the depth on the planter to what i wanted . i had to bend over this thing and push with my full body bent on top of it , it did not go easily in my soil type at all . also , even with the properly sized plate it still dropped between 1-9ish seeds in some places and none in others , it is very inconsistant . im sure it would have been much easier in perfect sifted topsoil or somthing but not in the pennsylvania field soil i tried to plant in . im glad i didnt buy this product and would not recommend it to anyone without absolute perfect dirt , who doesnt care about seed spacing .
 I read all of the reviews and had mixed feelings about ordering this garden seeder ; based on most reviews , the product was a little lacking . I am glad to report that most of the reviews were pretty much on target . This thing does n't work well for any of the seeds that I tried
 I purchased this item . I just tried it for the first time and the seed gets jamed behind the seed plate and it will not let the plate to turn or carry the seed to the hole to drop the seed down the shout . I tired to plant sweat peas and it keeps jaming up . I tried a different disk and it also jamed up . Good idea but does not work . Your better off to use a hoe and a rake .
 it 's a great quick fix-it item , but one has to be carefull and do not overtightnen the screws . They snap off the threads and then the coupling is unusable . In higher quality couplers all parts are made of metal -LRB- brass -RRB- . Of course , metal is much more durable and reliable .
 I would not purchase . Get the brass one with the metal band to secure hose . This one leaks and then pops of hose . A wast of time and effort trying to get it to work .
 I thought this product would be decent because of the price but I guess I was a little ignorant for thinking that ! The product came delivered with a bent left side frame that attached to the base . In addition , the product came with plastic wheels which do not like to turn on ice and when the wheels do not turn the salt does not spread . Never buy a product like this without making sure that it has rubber wheels , horrible product for the price .
 I searched the internet , Sears , Home Depot , Lowe 's , you name it , for a spreader to replace my Craftsman broadcast spreader that I had bought in 1975 and was STLL completely functional ! I was simply rewarding myself with a new one that I assumed , erroneously , would be an improvement over the old Craftsman . Well , I just got through putting down a 5,000 sq. ft. bag of fertilizer and 40 lb . of lime -LRB- half a bag at a time -RRB- in the Earthway spreader when the thing tilted to the left . Upon inspection , the left leg , through which the axle runs , had rusted to the point it was broken about 80 % in half . It will be at the curb for the scrap metal people to pick up tonight . I used it 4 times per year on a 1/4 acre lot . Do n't expect it to last long . I guess I may have prolonged its life by hosing it off after each use , drying it and spraying it with WD-40 . I never did all that to the Craftsman ... which , of course , they do n't make anymore .
 The Nelson `` Pound of Rain '' advertises a coverage area of 900 square feet , but even with adjustments in water pressure , we found only 9 square feet of coverage . In order to obtain the 900 square feet advertised , one would have to move the sprinkler 100 times.We found much more success with a competitor 's product . Do n't waste your hard-earned money .
 I thought I would ignore the feedback I read about this product on the internet and try it for myself . I must say I 'm very disappointed . I bought a square pound of rain , and a round pound of rain at the same time . The round one is a joy to use . The square one does not produce an even pattern . I mean it does n't produce an even square pattern , or any shape . To me there 's no point in using a sprinkler if it 's not going to cover it 's designated area evenly ! I 'm really considering taking a drill to it this winter to see if drilling the square hole round will make it a usable product . Believe the reviews , buy a round one instead !
 I bought this model sprinkler last year for the almost all-metal construction . I was tired of the plastic ones that do n't last a full season . The black hose connector -LRB- on the left in the photo -RRB- is plastic . This leaked from the beginning and eventually came off leaving the sprinkler useless in less than a year . I just got a refund from my local home center .
 The metal base with the hose attachments is very poorly designed and made . As the previous reviewer pointed out , it leaks badly and just pops off . There is no way to fix or tighten this junction and when the plastic wears a bit the hose just falls off and sprinkler is useless.AVOID ANY GILMOUR Sprinklers with this spike base . The sprinkler heads themselves work fairly well .
 The sprinkler itself works very well , and feels pretty strong.However , the plastic hose connector is not on par with the rest of the construction , the threads are fragile and the seal not so good , therefore expect some leeks , especially if you plan to connect and disconnect frequently.Furthermore , the connector is of a collar kind , and can not be replaced , meaning that when this cheap plastic part fails you will have a lot of trouble connecting a hose to the sprinkler .
 This was my third and last Gilmour that I will ever buy . The first one was great , lasted about 2 years . Then the 2nd one I bought , started leaking after about 4 months . I bought a third one , thinking that the 2nd one was just a fluke . We only used it three times and then it was leaking and not oscillating . I blamed my husband at first and thought that he had hooked up the broken one instead of the new one . Did n't think it was possible to break after 3 times . Will never buy another Gilmour again .
 sprayer arrived today so I loaded it up with water and pumped it up , worked very nice . When i started to spray the trigger mechanism was leaking all over my hand . I attempted the tricks in the instructions and none helped , this dribbled a constant stream of water over my hand . Not acceptable for spraying poison . I will be sending this one back .
 After 5 times of use the sprayer will not hold the air when pumped . You can hear it coming out but I ca n't tell from where .
 Let me start with the positives . This sprayer is constructed from fairly high quality material . However , this does n't mean it was designed from high quality engineering . And because it fails to function * in the way it 's supposed to function * , I ca n't give this product more than 1 star despite its use of quality materials.What all the positive reviewers forget to mention is that the tension mechanism designed to hold the -LRB- high quality -RRB- brass spraying wand is * VERY POORLY * engineered . A few other reviews have mentioned that if it is n't tightened `` just right '' then the liquid being sprayed -LRB- poison , weed killer , other liquids you do n't want on your skin -RRB- squirts out everywhere.In addition , the poor design of the wand securing mechanism makes it hard to angle the tip of the wand at an optimal angle to the way your hand naturally holds the spray trigger . You have to turn the tension mechanism securing the wand to the spray trigger so tight that it rotates the wand itself , so your once perfect tip angle is rotated pointing up now.Lastly , even after tightening the tension mechanism as tight as it would go w/o breaking the plastic mechanism itself , the wand very often comes loose and flies off easily as you swing your arms side to side in a normal spraying motion . This happened to me twice and both times , it wasted A LOT of weed killer as it gushed out of the trigger handle because the wand flew off completely . And , NO , I did not use excessive swinging movements as I sprayed , just normal movements.This is a major engineering flaw which makes this sprayer somewhat dangerous to operate -LRB- imagine swinging the wand and having the brass wand hit someone in the face while spewing poisonous liquid all over them -RRB- , which is the reason why I gave this only 1 star and returned it . It has just 1 flaw , but it is a MAJOR ONE.The second flaw is that the green plastic container is not semi-transparent enough for you to gauge how much liquid is inside it . This flaw I could 've lived with , but the poorly engineered mechanism used to secure the brass wand onto the plastic trigger is so bad that is a DEAL BREAKER , esp for a product of this price .
 I wish I could give this sprayer 0 stars !! I received this sprayer with anticipation because of the good reviews - I should have known better ; cheap sprayers never work !! I filled it with Round-up and two gallons of water as instructed . Pump-pump-pump-nothing . Again , pump-pump-pump-nothing . I took it apart to make sure it was assembled correctly . Put it back together and pump-pump-pump nothing . Got my husband out to take a try . He took it apart and put it back together and pump-pump-pump-nothing !! This is fresh out of the box new and it does n't work AT ALL - even a tiny spray !!!! So now , we have to dump the contents -LRB- expensive Round-up -RRB- and go buy another sprayer . I will never , ever buy this brand again . The brand new one will now have to go into a landfill , unused . What a shame !!!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY and go to a local hardware store to buy a sprayer -LRB- not this brand -RRB- that is easy to return !!
 I have had it for several years and use it several times a year to spray poison on my rock mulch to control weeds and I have never had a problem
 As described I thought this item was translucent . But it is not . The items still sit in the boxes they came in as they are to expensive to ship back and restocking fees ect . You can not see fluid levels in them . As performance goes I have no idea . They look sturdy enough . But not what I was expecting to get . I am dissapointed I spent the money on the two of them since I ca n't use them for my business which NEEDS to see the levels . Do n't buy if you are expecting to see the fluid level .
 Orderedthis product but never received it . Contacted UPS on two occasions , then contacted the seller . A replacement item was sent and received . Now receiving emails from amazon stating that the item needs to be returned or I will be charged -LRB- a second time -RRB- . Do n't order this product from amazon .
 This sprayer is light-duty , so the `` Premium '' and `` Professional '' designations are misleading.When I started using it , it was leaking at the downstream side of the valve , where the wand attaches to the valve body . I was able to stop the leak by removing the little filter adapter that had been inserted between the valve body and the wand . Now there 's no filter , but at least I am not getting chemical all over my hand.In short , the sprayer does the job it is supposed to , but I 'm not confident it 's going to last very long .
 I ordered 3 of the sprayers and 2 of them came without some of the parts . I contacted the seller to see if I can just get the parts shipped to me , and I received a generated email about sending the sprayers back . All I wanted was the parts that were missing , not to send the sprayers back . The sprayers are n't worth anything without the cap or the wand !
 I have rarely bought a product so defective by design as this one - which I deliberately selected to get a metal -LRB- instead of plastic -RRB- spray rood . On no fewer than three locations , the `` want '' wobbles and when not stay screwed in or fastened for more then 20-30 seconds , and , even when fastened , leaks at any given time on at least one of the three locations . It 's not just the lousy quality control of this junk , it 's that any company would actually believe it can sell something this bad . It 's planned obscelence - from right out of the box . I do n't understand the other positive reviews . It does n't look to me as as if I just got a sprayer that was , by way of exception , defective , but rather that the entire design/manufacturing is seriously faulty - across the board .
 I filled this sprayer when I bought it . I did not need to fill it again for what I was using it for until 3 months later . The second time I filled it the chamber that pressurizes the air came loose from the handle and it would not pressurize to spray . I just got it out for the new season and attempted to fit the camber back into the grooves in the handle . . and it still will not work or stay connected ... I purchased a Roundup sprayer to replace it . I will contact the company since the box says it has a lifetime guarantee and see if they will replace . I would not buy this brand again .
 I thought of the Gilmour 2000P potentially as a high-end , quality product , and made in USA to boot . Boy , was I disappointed : It came with green plastic shavings from manufacturing filling much of the pump cylinder , sticking to the grease they spread in there . Once I cleaned that mess out , I discovered the pump itself had a distorted and damaged pump plunger head , so without a full seal , you could not pressure it up at all . I guess it would have worked fine as a green plastic wastebasket.All in all , a total disappointment , so selected refund vs replacement .
 I expected this to flow much more water as it is larger . Not so . I also did not expect it to kink as much . Gads , it kinks like crazy . I can not recommend this hose . Being larger in diameter I did think I would be more difficult wind up but it is . Ca n't tell ya how disappointed I am in this hose . I can not recommend it . I would recommend a smaller diameter hose and get a stronger flow and more powerfull flow ... which makes sense , smaller opening makes a stronger flow . This darn thing kinks like crazy , much , much more than my 75 foot hose . Do n't waste your money .
 This hose does not do what it specifically advertises - be flexible . I initially unrolled the hose to find it had 5 permanent kinks . The kinks get caught on things and as I unroll the hose it kinks and shuts off the water . This is the worst hose I have ever owned . I returned it and got another and the same thing happened . I even left the hose stretched-out in the sun to see if that would fix the kinks - it did n't . Dont buy this hose , they are lying - it is n't flexible at all !
 I bought this to use on our hobby farm for watering livestock . The hose itself is robust and relatively kink free - in fact all I would expect . However we are returning it because of a worsening and persistent leak at the rotating connection between the female end on the faucet end of the hose and the hose itself . It started the first time we used the hose with just a few drops of leakage but now half fills a 5 gallon pail every day while we fill stock tanks . I am disappointed because I thought I was finally going to find a reliable 3/4 inch hose and while I think I am just unfortunate to have got one with a faulty fitting , I am going to try a different hose next time .
 When I received the hose , I made sure to unroll it completely . The first time the water was turned on , the hose had a pin hole in it . Now I have to go through the process of rolling it back up to return it . Not worth the effort . Thankfully amazon.com has a good return policy .
 I ordered and received this hose and it arrived with one end of the hose being severely `` bent '' . It definitely would have restricted water flow.So , I returned the hose and reordered it soon after , thinking the defective first hose was simply a fluke . The second hose arrived in same manner - bent about 4 inches below the coupling . I need to look elsewhere ...
 Only after few weeks I got to notice a few dents and a tear in the pipe . Will check if a replacement can be made .
 Hooked it up to the faucet to wash my wife 's car and got sprayed in the face from the middle of the hose .
 I loved this hose when I got it about a month ago . However now it started to leak where the brass nut is connected to the hose I do n't know why it started to leak . After spending $ 63.00 on this hose I thought it would last longer VERY VERY disappointed . Where it leaks is part of the hose not something that was placed on it .
 I received a defective unit from Amazon . I was really disappointed given everyone 's great ratings . When I connected my unit to the spigot , it had a slow drip -LRB- one drop every few seconds -RRB- so that I could not leave this always turned on . I tighten the hose with a wrench and had no success . I also tried Teflon tape and pipe thread compound with no success . I even tried using two other gaskets but the leak continued . I tried connecting it to another spigot and had the same problem . After careful observation , the leak does not appear to be coming from the gasket but is coming up from the metal piece that is clamped on the hose indicating a pin hole breach somewhere in the metal . I spent several hours trying without success . Since I need a good hose now , I am not going to cut off the ends to send to Gilmour and have to wait for a new hose . The worst part is packing it up to send back to Amazon because I had to blow the water out of the hose before shipping it . This hose was a huge disappointment . I ended up buying a 5/8 hose from a big box retailer which worked fine .
 I am the owner of a pressure washing company so I am very familiar with hoses . I was seeking a hose for my home that was lighter than professional grade supply hoses as well as being more economical since it would not see heavy use.My concerns with the hose : &#8226; It leaks at the coupling . After applying plumbers tape to the faucet and replacing the O-ring gasket with a better one , I was able to stop 90 % of the leaking . There is still a slow drip , even after that effort and added expense . &#8226; The hose kinks . Not just in overly-stressed angles but constantly . This is what killed the hose for me . I 've used the lowest grade box store hose that did n't kink this much . Its a never ending battle of stopping to walk back and un-kink it.There was no way I was going to pack it up for shipping back . I put it at the back of the house where there is a flower bed 8 ' from the faucet and bought a real hose -LRB- GoodYear pro-grade red -RRB- for the side . Waste of money .
 Do not waste your money on this expensive hose . It kinked after 4 months and actually ripped after 14 months . It is three times as much as a standard hose and is a big rip off .
 had a pin hole the first time i used . cut the couplers off and mailed them back to gilmore for free replacement 2 weeks ago still recieved nothing . this hose has 2 plys of rienforcement how they can say it is 8 plys is just not true .
 This review is for the Gilmour 10-34100 Flexogen - 3/4 '' x 100 ' hose . If it is critical or important to maintain water flow , then pass on this hose . The Flow Guard Plus collar is NOT part of this hose . Amazon 's web page incorrectly pictures and describes the product as having the kink resistant collar . I need to supply water to a 4 gpm pressure washer . Uninterrupted water flow is critical for this application . Therefore , I am returning the hose . Also , be advised the Amazon tools-tech-support department assured me this hose has the collar . They were wrong .
 These hoses suck ! Bought two . Used one twice and had to trash it . Pressure decreased greatly and has multiple bulges . Second one did the same the first time we used it !
 Attracted to its nice design and the Gilmour name , plus the `` lifetime leakproof seal '' , I purchased this hose nozzle . I had tried different brands and models before and all of them became useless after a few months , due to leaks and/or a failing trigger spring . The Gilmour worked like a charm for a year and then , like the others and for the same problems , became useless . Hoping I had purchased a defective unit - and still believing in the reliability of the `` lifetime leakproof seal '' - I got two more . All of them had the same ill fate after about a year . Very deceptive !
 The nozzle leaks like crazy . I want to use the mist feature to water my new seedlings and ended up buying a watering can from Home depot .
 my nozzle is LEAKING . I am so sick of buying things that dont work . mine is less than 3 months old , and now all settings leak ... i greased the o ring and still leaks ... what a piece of crap . I have millions of dollars but cant get a good nozzle . does anyone make them ?
 I bought two of these ; eventually they leaked and I returned them for replacements under the lifetime warranty . Within a few weeks , the replacements leaked . I returned them and got new ones . I have used one now for about three weeks , and it has started leaking . I have to turn the water off at the source , and turn it on whenever I want to water the lawn . I am just wasting my time and postage money .
 I purchased this item online with the belief that the description , including the words `` Made in USA '' were to be true . It is not . It is made in a country that currently trades with the U.S. and does not mind that high lead content and poor quality are a hallmark of their exports -LRB- never mind their workplace or human rights records !!! -RRB- I would send it back , but that would only throw good money after bad . Buyer beware , all descriptions are not the same and are not necessarily accurate ... verify by phone first before you buy .
 Is anyone surprised anymore when their product completely fails ? You have to ask yourself ... when companies are not willing to pay people over 50 cents to $ 2 an hour to manufacture their products , do n't you think they are building them with the cheapest materials.This particular pos worked about 8 times .
 The valve broke after only four months of use . It would not shut off the water . Water sprayed back at the user . No good .
 Great pressure , spray patterns and operation when brand new . I bought three of these for my three hoses . They all sprung major leaks behind the selector disk , the kind of leaks that get you very wet , after 3 to 4 months of use . This seems to happen with all of the select-spray nozzles I buy . I think I will just buy the simple nozzles from now on .
 I bought the metal version over the much cheaper plastic version because I thought it would hold up better . I dropped it within the first week of owning it and a piece inside broke and it now leaks as much water out of the head as is sprays . Today I bought the same unit , but this time with a plastic shell ! I like the nozzle , and hopefully the lighter weight will keep that piece from breaking if it hits the ground .
 Thought I would stock up on these and order 4 at a time . I got 4 each shipped and billed individually , Each box could have held 50 blades.I paid over $ 15 each once everything was said an done . Not a good deal .
 I wanted to return these the first time I used them , Amazon refunded me the money and said do n't worry about the return . I want to respect that but also want to point out that these clippers are awful . If the one I got was defective I appologize to the company but after trying them out I was so insulted by the price and performance I got angry and had started the return.I compare these to some $ 3 clippers of the same size from Walmart . These clippers snagged on themselves , were extremely stiff and &#34; choppy &#34; . They could n't make it through some of the most insignificant branches of my small shrubs and when left in the garage -LRB- even after cleaning -RRB- in one night they rusted so much I had to soak them in WD-40 before being able to get them to move again . After the soaking they look awful , perform very poorly and you should just pay a few dollars extra and get some Fiskars .
 This item can be labled as deceptive advertisement , as I view it . The product description on Amazon states that Gilmour has `` American made lawn and garden products '' . I was searching for a hedge trimmer that was manufactured in the USA and was lead to believe that this product , made by Gilmour was manufactured in the US as well . Got the package , opened it up and stamped right on the blade , CHINA !!! Amazon needs to correct this product description , so that it doe 's not imply that this product is made in the USA !! Gave a call to Gilmour and their rep. said that some of their products are made in the US and some in China . Then , they should not describe themselves as a US manufacture of lawn and garden products ! Deceptive advertising as well , IMHO .
 I bought one of these hoses at a local walmart.Brought it home , hooked it up and the crimped end thatattaches to whatever spraying device you use , leakand sprayed water all over . . Applied teflon tape to the threads . Tried againand you could see water spraying out of the top of the crimped area.Returned it back to walmart and was going to just get anotherone in hopes that it was just that one hose . What do you know . . there was ANOTHER returned one on the shelf AND I looked at the other sizesavailable , and one of those was a return as well . . Not a product that I would recommend ... Sad too because otherwise I like the sturdiness of the hose itselfand the faucet end connector worked flawlessly .
 This bargain hose is no bargain ... it split within a few weeks of purchase ... unruly to control . Do n't bother ... some things you just shouldnt purchase online !
 We purchased 4 of these to leave out in various places in our yard for watering some shrubs that were n't getting enough water from our drip system . Sadly , within 1 day , 3 of these hoses started developing these big bulges in various places along the 100 feet of hose . Essentially , the inner lining of the hoses had ruptured leading to water leaking into the outer layer creating the bulges . The product specs state that these hoses can withstand up to 500 PSI of burst resistance but from my experience , I highly doubt that . The water pressure coming out of our home is no where near 500 PSI . With the sprinkler head attached to the hose , it still ca n't be anywhere near 500 PSI -LRB- although I have no scientific way of measuring this -RRB- . Technically , the hoses did n't burst ... they just bulged ... dramatically . And for it to happen on 3 out of 4 hoses purchased , that 's pretty bad.We returned 3 -LRB- I should have returned all 4 -RRB- with no problems since Amazon is pretty awesome when it comes to returning bad products . The 4th one is fine so far but I 'm constantly stressed it 's gon na start bulging again ... and now I 'm passed the return window . But Gilmour states a lifetime warranty on these so we 'll see . But I do n't think I can even come close to reccommending this product as they did not live up to the `` Last Hose You 'll Ever Buy '' claim listed on the product packaging .
 Very disappointing experience with a poor quality product . I was sold on the life-time warranty-after all , if a company is willing to replace a hose years after purchase it 's got to be good , right ? Wrong . The moment i connected the hose and turned the water on i got sprayed from head to toe with a rather strong stream of water coming from a sizable hole in the welded -LRB- or shall i say unwelded ? -RRB- part of the connector . After i mopped myself up i examined the hose and found that the connector had 4 small pinholes along the seam.After having to empty a 100-ft hose , roll it up and ship it back to Amazon i e-mailed Gilmour to express my disappointment . Not surprisingly my e-mail was completely ignored . I have a 7-dollar hose bought on clearance at Rite Aid that 's held up great for the last 6 years withou the need for life-time warranty .
 I bought this hose based on stellar reviews . Used the hose for about 30 minutes yesterday and this afternoon found the hose bloated and swelled in four places . It is about to burst . I have no idea how this happened , or how it could have occurred given its limited use yesterday . It was stored properly in a hose reel . Now I have to go through the hassle of trying to return it . Disappointing .
 Inside label reads ... `` WARNING , This product contains one or more chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm . WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING `` Now go water your vegies and fill up your kids pool with it ... I wont !!!
 It pains me to write this review but I have to share my experiences with the Flexogen hoses . I 've been using them for at least a decade . At first , I loved how they stayed flexible in cooler weather . After a few months the problems began though . I started getting pin sized holes in the hoses . I chalked it up to the rosebush hitting it while I unraveled it . I bought another one and placed it in the backyard where there are no thorny bushes . 6 months later the hose seemed to fall apart from the inside out . It developed a large bulge on the side of it and was ruined . I sent it back to Gilmour and they sent me a replacement.Two months later the replacement for the front yard developed another split on the outside and started spewing water . I sent that one back to Gilmour and they once again sent me another one . A year later and both of those replacement hoses are once again ruined . The backyard hose has developed another bulge and looks like it will burst at any time , while the front yard hose has developed another inch long split . This split is in an area of the hose that is always on the reel , so I know it did n't get poked by anything . I believe as someone else stated these hoses ca n't take the sun ! This does n't explain why the one in the backyard keeps developing bulges in it though.After at least 6 Flexogen hoses that have now failed on me , I 'm done with these.EDIT
 I bought two of these and they are perfect . If they ever fail , the company will make it right . So what can you lose.Made very well . Shipped on time , packed right . I thought the price was reasonable for what you receive.Update
 Two months of use on this ... Flexogen hose and it developed balloons in two places . One place sprang a leak . Had to replace . Rather than risk this again , unpgraded to ... commercial grade , -LRB- which intererestingly carries no warranty at all . -RRB-
 I purchased this hose last spring . About a month after I got in , the hose developed `` blisters '' where the water leaked into the outer layers of the hose jacket . I called the mfg and asked about a replacement . They said to cut off both ends of the hose , mail them in , and they would sent a free replacement . I did n't want to buy another hose , while I waited for the free one , so I waited until fall to send the hose ends . The `` blistered '' hose lasted until fall with no leaks , but it looked like it could go at any minute . I have my free replacement , and will start using it in a few months . Hopefully , it will last . UPDATE
 I am only giving this hose two stars because it is HEAVY and simply not easy to use . Not only that but getting it stretched out to its full length is difficult due to its weight and the tightness of the coil that it was in in its packaging . I do believe that the hose will last me a long time and maybe the fact that it is so heavy proves it is well-made , but , if you are a woman without much upperbody strength and you do not want to struggle to move a hose from place to place in your lawn or garden , then , this is not the hose for you .
 Absolutly the worse hose that I have ever had . i bought it because it was 1/2 &#34; and I wanted a lighter weight hose to unroll from a hand reel daily for watering plants . The hose swelled up with multiple bulges and leaks within the first week . I threw it away within two weeks . i did not return the product because I did not want a replacement . It was poorlt constructed .
 This water hose states it does n't kink , guess what it kinks like crazy , this hose was n't made to stay outside , if it gets sun that 's it !!! this thing can not be exposure to the outside changes of temperature or to weather . I wo n't recommend this product to anyone since a water hose is suppose to be made to be outside and not inside the house , since I wo n't be carrying it in and out every time that will be need it , not good .
 I went for this because of price . My mistake , it kinks and the kinks turn into squeezed shut areas that have to be worked back to open flo . Never will buy again .
 The hose is good when using in warm weather . However , when outside temperature drops to the low 50s and below , the hose is very stiff and hard to roll up or untangle . That 's the only gripe I have .
 I bought this at Lowes . I looked through a bunch of them in order to find one that had n't been severely kinked during packaging -LRB- just as comments here indicated about their `` kink free '' hose -RRB- . Got it home , and have used it twice ... and simply can not believe how badly it kinks ... right by the spigot -LRB- w / little pull on it ! -RRB- , and everywhere.Also , I hooked it up as the feed for a pressure washer ... and it 's male connector was too short -LRB- and the nut end of it too big -RRB- for the pressure washer connector ... so it leaked badly.It 's going back , and I 'll buy something from another manufacturer .
 I 've been using this hose for about a month now . It is lightweight and it resists kinking . However , it has a strange problem . The hose developed multiple bulges in different places . They have n't leaked yet , but I 'm sure it 's just a matter of time . I 'm going to contact the manufacturer to see if it is aware of this issue.Update
 I bought the hose in July . It is lightweight and I was happy with it.But , by the following May , it had developed distortions that made the hose swell and threaten to burst over a span of about 10 feet about 20 feet from where the hose attaches to spigot . This also caused the hose to make funny sounds -LRB- the water was filtering in and out of the internal lining -RRB- and it affected the steadiness with which water came out at the end of the hose . In the end , I have had to retire the hose -- it did n't seem worth cutting out a 10 foot section to try to repair the hose when it is likely that the same problem will occur elsewhere . I notice that others have had this same problem . I 've never seen it happen to a hose before -- after 25 + years of home ownership . Either I 've been lucky in the past , or this hose had a defective lining that definitely prevents it from being `` the last hose I 'll ever need '' as the manufacturer promised .
 Got this as a Christmas gift for my dad . He just hooked it up this week , and not only was there a pinpoint hole in the hose , but it began bubbling in various places as if it were ready to burst . Needless to say , horrible product . Looks like I 'll have to buy a new one for his birthday .
 After a few weeks of household use , the outer layer looks like a python that 's eaten several chickens . Now it 's leaking ! Past return to Amazon so back to Gilmour it goes . I need the hose to water my plants so I need to buy another and when this one is replaced I guess I 'll put it on Craiglist for whatever I can get . Do n't waste you time and money .
 This hose immediately kinks and will continue to do so . Apparently it has been designed to do this . Very frustrating !
 Larger bow saws are no longer easy to find , and 36 inch models are about as big as they come today . I am aware of only three such saws currently available online -- from Bahco , Traditional Woodworker , and the Gilmour.The Gilmour is made for very light use and is adequate for occassional cutting of small diameter trees and limbing around the home . However , with an average distance between the bow and the blade of only 6.7 inches , it is not able to cut timber as large as the other two saws . Even more frustrating is that its tensioning handle is loose and wobbly , even in the closed position . Admittedly , the Bahco 36 inch saw is n't much better . The only really good saw among these three is the one available from Traditional Woodworker.Unlike the Bahco and the Gilmour saws , the tensioning handle on the Traditional Woodworker model puts a lot of tension on the blade and it stays firm and tight when closed . The saw is light and strong and feels good in the hand . It is a saw suitable for hard use . The Gilmour saw seems like a toy in comparison.In evaluating bow saws , I concentrate on the quality of the bow , its size and its tensioning mechanism . Saw blades are easily interchangeable on bow saws and so generally I do n't discuss them . However , it may be worth noting that most bow saws come with a blade in which there are three cutting teeth to each raker . Unfortunately , I find that a blade without rakers cuts more smoothly and more easily in many applications , including hardwoods , dry wood and frozen wood . The only advantage rakers have over blades without rakers is cutting wood that is very soft , as in pine , hemlock , fir and poplar . The Traditional Woodworker saw comes with both types of blades . For other saws , a Bahco Type 51 blade can be ordered from a dealer or online at the Bahco Store -LRB- not affiliated with Bahco -RRB- .
 I had just purchased the Gilmour 36-inch bow saw and was very dissatisfied with it -- took inordinately long to saw through each log . While searching for a different make and model I found Gary Fogg 's review at this site . I took his advice and ordered a Traditional Woodworker saw from the web . Before the T-W saw arrived , the little clip holding the blade on my Gilmour broke . That was a blessing because I started using the T-W as soon as it arrived . The T-W saw took 1/3 to 1/4 of the time to saw through a log compared to the Gilmour , though this may have been due in part to superiority of the T-W blade compared with the Gilmour blade .
 I was so proud to have ordered this as one of my husband 's birthday gifts ... we 're big on landscaping our 5 acre yard , and are always fighting over tools , so i thought to get an extra ... poor joe , as soon as he started using it , the spring flew off and it 's useless ... $ 12 something wasted ... and of course , it 's ` used ' , so it 's not returnable ... did n't realize that ... I 'd really thought your return policy was better than that ... it was from amazon itself ... joined the free shipping for a year , and so I will have to keep with that , but I 'll certainly be more careful in purchasing other items ...
 I was sent the 1/4 chinese model and promptly returned it . If there was something less than one star that would have been my choice for rating this item . Another American company bites the dust !
 It leaks BAD around the hose connection . I have even added a second hose washer , but it still leaks bad . This is a manufacturing defect .
 I ordered this item because it was a gift from my children . I have not used it yet but I sure was surprised to see how low the quality is comparing price . I feel it is highly over priced , when the wand is plastic and it only has a 30 '' hose on it.I hope that I am not more dissatisfied after I use it.I feel for -LSB- the price -RSB- it should have a metal wand and a longer hose.My old one that I am replacing can be purchsed for less than -LSB- this -RSB- and would have a metal wand and a longer hose .
 Not a good product as it leaks everywhere . Not much more to say it was not usuable as it would leak water and chemical from the top spout .
 Seriously this product is not worth the money how can you put PROFESSIONAL on a product that is no better than the plastic bottle sprayer that products typically are sold with .
 Sprays OK but every part of it leaks . Big dissapointment would buy something else . Not worth the price . This is my review and I am sticking to it
 All products that contain lead should disclose this fact at the point of sale . This product contains lead and this is not disclosed on Amazon 's website under the product description or product details .
 Unfortunately this product did not live up to its claim of easy use . After repeated failed attempts , I gave up trying to use it . First , the spray stream was weak , not the distance or impact claimed by the seller . Secondly , the unit failed to draw up the chemical I was attempting to spray . I was bummed .
 Go ahead , dial their customer service and listen to the busy signal all day , no mater what department . I have wasted three hours trying to get anyone to answer the customer service line .
 The water mixes with and dilutes the chemical . . It messes up the concentration . . Instead of wasting the chemical like the other bad sprayers , it dilutes the chemical with water from the hose . .
 did not spray 30ft as promised only about 12ft . after spraying for more that 10 minutes the amount of the chemical tnat had been displaced in the sprayer was less than a quater of an inch so just spraying water . waste of time !
 I do n't know if I just got a defective product but after some spraying , the weed killer that is in the plastic bottle was being diluted with water and when weed killer is 40 dollars a bottle it really is a big deal to have a lot go to waste on top of the weeds not getting the full effect of the product . It sprayed really well I just do n't know how effective the weed killer will be . :-LRB- Sad I was really excited to have an easier time controlling weeds
 I had one of these before and I was satisfied with it for the most part , until it broke . But when I attached the new one I bought to my hose and turned the hose on , it was stuck spraying , even though the handle was not depressed . I had to run back to the spigot before all my solution was gone . No instructions gave any clue as to why this could be happening or how to correct it . I do n't have time to deal with this .
 I must have been very naive when it comes to hose-end sprayers , and perhaps I should have done more research on these types of products before buying this one . But nonetheless , the ratio for this sprayer are on the extreme weak side . Meaning , the best you can do is spray 9 tablespoons of chemical to 1 gallon of water . So , there 's no dealing in `` typical '' parts . i.e. , 2:1 , 3:1 , it 's more like 256 to 1 when using this sprayer ! This maximum ratio is rather pointless if you are spraying , let 's say bleach , onto moldy exterior home siding . There 's 256 tablespoons in 1 gallon of water , so the maximum value on this spreader only permits a maximum ratio of 28 parts water to 1 part chemical -LRB- in my case , bleach -RRB- . Now what 's that supposed to do ! At any rate , I should have done a bit more digging before purchasing this product , and now I 'm stuck with it . Perhaps I could use it fertilize my lawn when the time comes so that it is n't a total waste . The nozzle that comes attached to it is rather powerful for your typical garden hose sprayer , so maybe I can put that to use , who knows ! On a positive note , the product did arrive on time and well packaged .
 It seems like a quality product made from good materials , but the design did not work for me . I was interested in spraying liquid fertilizer and a milk solution recommended to combat lawn mildew . For these uses , it took over an hour of spraying to empty the container even on the highest setting . This rate may be OK for spraying potent chemicals , but not for fertilizer . My water pressure is a bit low , so that could have contributed to the problem . I had to return it .
 Before reading my review , it 's possible that I stumbled upon a defective unit . I do n't know . However :1 -RRB- Bayer , the manufacturer of the solution I use to spray my roses , recommends a dilution of 1.5 tablespoons per gallon of water . I filled in 1/5 bottle with the solution , set the dial between 1-2 and stated spraying . After some time , I noticed that the solution in the battle remains at the same level .2 -RRB- Then I read that you are not supposed to set the dial between numbers ! That 's a big drawback in regard to accuracy of spraying , especially at higher dilutions .3 -RRB- Next , I set it to # 2 and again , the solution remained inside the bottle . That 's when I realized that you can not tilt the bottle when there is only little solution inside , since the draw pipe does n't come in contact with the solution .4 -RRB- In order to achieve a dilution closer to what Bayer recommends , I had to set the dial to # 5 , which does n't make any sense .5 -RRB- I will return it , since it may simply be a defective unit , or it is n't meant for high dilutions.P.S . I just discovered another possible source for the malfunction
 I had one of these put ahead of a Gilmour 9400 timer on a hose bib connection . BAD IDEA . The timer shut-off causes a lot of water hammer and this broke the tee . That is , the hammer , after about a month , caused a crack in the tee that allowed a LOT of water leakage.If you 're just looking for a tee for convience then this is a nice one . The knobs on the valve are big and easy to use.Just DO NOT use it in a constant supply situation where there will be any sort of hard shut off as the plastic WILL crack .
 Simply put , this is a cheap piece that breaks under regular use . It 's a poor value . I 've replaced two in three months .
 I 'm using this product correctly and all that comes out is water . It leaves the vast majority of fertilizer in the jar and does n't distribute it . Easily fixed but still annoying , the tube inside does n't touch the bottom of the jar so you ca n't use the last gallon or so , ASSUMING that this would work in the first place !
 Worked okay the first time I used it . With the second time and about 1/3 through the solution/jar contents , I noticed it stopped distributing the mixture as the level did not decrease at all . It even looked like it was adding water to the jar . Noticed that the trigger area was leaking , too . Also , amount sprayed did not fan out well/consistently , even though we have strong and consistent water pressure . It would start strong and then ... a pathetic spray . Valve/trigger area very problematic . Will try to return .
 Did not send top to sprayer , need I say more ! There was n't even a packing slip included in the box . Will make sure NEVER to use this vendor again ! Might as well have taken my money and thrown it in the trash where this will have to go .
 Both handles slipped off on first use . there was NOTHING holding them on . In addition , the telescope locks loosen with light usage , causing them to slide up and down at will . Unfortunately , I bought them at a hardware store . When I took them back to exchange them , I found that they had dropped the entire line so the guarantee was worthless . I held on to them hoping to find another supplier to exchange them ... nobody . I just now duct-taped them in 6 places in the telescope-open position . I hope it 'll stay together in this way to get limited usage out of it . BUY ANOTHER BRAND !!!!!
 As soon as I hooked up this hose and turned on the water for the first time to test it , the hose leaked from under the black collar near the fitting on the end of the hose . Not just a drip or trickle , but a full stream of water spraying out from under the black collar . Very disappointed since this hose had so many good reviews . I have returned the hose , which was a major hassle -- emptying out the water and coiling it up so it would fit back in the shipping box . I will look for another hose at a local store so that if I have a problem , the return wo n't be as difficult .
 i bought this hose because of one thing - it was touted as very flexible even in cold temps . i would call that a LIE - even when warmed up -LRB- my house is about 70 -RRB- still very hard to coil .
 Well I waited to use this hose til the summer , and shame on me as the return window closed April 4th the brass fitting , where the threaded end of the hose attaches to the rubber sprays water like a fountain , poorly made , poorly fitted piece of expensive JUNK !!! Shame on you Amazon - re-thinking my Prime membership over this one , I bought two , both leak and it 's a pressure fitting so there is no repair POS !!!!!!
 It is not stated anywhere that I could find on the Amazon prduct page , however once I received the hose I found the following Warning on the back of the product packaging : '' ! WARNING '' This product contains one or more chemicals known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm . WASH HANDS AFTER HANDLING.Who would think they would have to wash their hands after watering the garden . What if one of the kids sneaks a drink from the hose ? The manufacturer does not say what chemicals are used , nor give the consumer the information to make an informed decision . Based upon the prop65 warning and additional hand washing warning I will not use this product as the risk is unknown.In the end I returned the hose , but am really ticked off that a Made In America product is such junk , I found in my local hardware store several different brand hoses without this warning .
 There are a lot better quality hoses for the same or lower prices at local stores . This hose looks pretty . I bought it to replace my rubber hose on my hose reel . The old one was cracking in the sun and heavy . I could have replaced it for the same price as this hose . Instead I chose this 8 ply non-kink , highly rated hose . It was easy to unroll and light to handle . Unfortunately there was no way to install it on the hose reel without it kinking at the hub connection of the hose reel . I have two other hose reels with heavy vinyl/rubber hoses . Both of them easily make the `` hairpin turn '' necessary to connect to the hub of the hose reel . Unfortunately this Gilmour Flexogen hose kinks not only at the `` hairpin turn '' but also as it threads in to the bottom of the reel itself . The pressure of the hose wrapped above it collapses the hose , limiting pressure . The plastic hose end protector included with the hose is quite short and will not protect it from kinking as it enters the reel . Not wanting to return a wet hose to Amazon , I purchased a 45 degree brass adapter , which with some effort , allowed the hose to be used on the reel . Now that it 's been `` jury rigged '' in to working , it 's nice and light and works well . I would n't recommend this fix . It was time consuming and effort intensive .
 I 'm angry about this . I took the hose out of the box , hooked it up ... and not just one , but BOTH male and female hose connectors begins spraying water everywhere including on myself . It is not enough that Amazon lets you return a DEFECTIVE product . Now you have the JOB of emptying this hose and attempting to wrap it the way it was packaged , THEN , wasting your valuable time and gas expense in getting it to UPS to ship back . The manufacturer should have to pay something back to the customer for this trouble . The Gilmour slogan on the packaging said `` The last hose you will ever buy '' That is so true ... that was the LAST hose I would ever buy from them .
 I bought this to replace a hose that was a bit too short . This hose worked adequately during the first year of use , but since then it kinks like crazy . My blood pressure ca n't take the aggravation - I 'm going back to my old hose .
 I wanted to use two of these sprinklers to water some freshly tilled , raked , and grass-seeded ground . The water started pooling on the ground within five feet of the sprinkler while the rest of the coverage area was barely damp . I returned them . I subsequently got much more even coverage with oscillating and pulsating sprinklers .
 I bought two of these . Both broke in the first year , the spinning part broke off leaving a large hole that water gushes up through like a fountain . I was able to repair them with some industrial glue , but when one broke a second time I just threw it away.Besides durability issues the distribution is really uneven . If you set out a few tuna cans you 'll quickly see that in a small radius around the sprinkler water comes out very fast . Farther out than halfway to the edge of the spray water falls much more slowly . The end result is the edges of your lawn will not get enough water , while the middle gets more than it needs and wastes any extra .
 I had bought this sprayer in the past but now they are made very cheaply and if dropped , the sprayer selection part separates from the body of the sprayer leaking water all over . Not what they used to be .
 I bought this last fall , and it had been working fine . But today -LRB- it 's summer in the Phoenix metro area -RRB- , when I went to use it , the thing had warped and it leaked and whistled . Obviously , most of us keep our nozzles attached to the hose , and of course the hose is stored outside . This all-plastic device could not stand up to the heat .
 I bought two . One leaked as received . Got a replacement . Then , the second one leaked . Gave up . Leak comes from o ring too skinny and plastic not strong enough . Slightly higher water pressure caused the leak . Need to shut off the water after iuse . Very inconvenient .
 After only 4 months -- using it perhaps twice a week , at most -- something inside must have burst , and water is spraying all over . I 've had the Orbit version , only a few dollars more , for a full year , with much more usage weekly , and it 's in okay shape . I would steer clear of the Gilmour products based on my experience .
 Gilmour must be lacking in quality control . The item I received was below expectations in comparison to other products I own by Gilmour.First , the rubber fell off after a couple of uses . Very hard to adjust without the rubber portions.Second , this has a very small outlet with reduced water flow in comparison to others I own . I believe they made the outlet tube very small to accommodate the rubber piece that promptly fell off.Third , contrary to statements on Gilmour 's website about the number of products made in USA , this is made in China.In summary , I would not purchase again . Disappointed with the product , but given the price not worth sending it back and paying return shipping.I would recommend the Dramm 12380 Heavy-Duty Brass Adjustable Hose Nozzle sold by Amazon for almost the same price . Larger , solid brass , smooth turning and no rubber pieces to fall off . The Dramm is also made in the USA and my wife and I like its spray pattern and water flow better .
 This valve is junk . The entire valve and more importantly the latch that closes the valve is entirely made of plastic . After just two months the valve fails to close because the latch developed a crack and wo n't apply enough force to turn the valve all the way . You get what you pay for , save your money and buy a Dramm valve ... it 's 3x the price but will last 100x longer .
 Sorry I bought this . Ca n't really adjust to my liking . Should have returned this .
 This product is not being written about for it 's quality , but for my being deceived into buying it thinking it was made in USA . When you go into the made in America sites , these products are listed . This is fraud .
 Ooh ! A Brass Nozzle - got to outlast plastic by a lifetime . Wrong !! This nozzle lasted awhile , but it broke apart at the base where it was machine pressed on . Major design flaw . Almost looks deliberate . I would not buy this brand again .
 As others have noted , it leaks -LRB- actually sprays ! -RRB- where the pieces are press fit together . Really wanted to like this as the rubber coating keeps it from damaging the hose pot we keep it in . Just ordered the Dramm nozzle for about the same price .
 I thought this nozzle would be the last one I would have to buy for a long time , but it broke after only a few uses . The top snapped right off the connector ring ; I was very surprised . Very disappointing !
 This leaked the first time I put it on . The one I got today was from Lowe 's . I got it so that I could have a nozzle that does n't spray me in the face while I try to water the plants in my garden . It did n't spray me in the face . Just all the way up my arm and down my front . First time I used it . No amount of adjusting helped . I 'm taking it back . I do n't care about the product replacement guarantee . Terrible ! This does not live up to Gilmore 's reputation . I agree with other reviewers who say that the product quality at Gilmore has cheapened since outsourcing to China . I 'm so frustrated that it is nearly IMPOSSIBLE to find anything made with any degree of quality any more . I just want an old fashioned , no frills , reliable hose nozzle . Like the kind grandma used to use . Is that really so hard ?
 This product contains lead . There is a big warning on the back warning the user about lead , and asking the user to wash his hands after using this product . Do n't buy this unless you 're comfortable with having ALL your yard water flowing through this lead containing nozzle . I returned it unused .
 When I turned the hose on , the top of the nozzle flew off . The parts can not be put back together . This product was useless .
 I really rate this product a Zero . Here 's why : It Broke as a result of a poor mfg. technique . Well , ` It Leaks ' -LRB- ... is technically more accurate but what 's the difference ? -RRB- ... where the shaft of the inner core mates with the larger ruberized part that screws onto the hose . They are two separate parts apparently press-fit together ! And when presurized it leaks alot ... not just drip , 2 seconds , drip . . it has become a small trickle . Worse , the core -LRB- and ruberized adjusting jacket -RRB- now spin at the faulty juncture effectively preventing the adjustability of the spray . To try and make this clearer , I can no longer grasp the long ruberized jacket and twist to adjust the spray , because it spins at the faulty juncture . So yeah , It Broke . Have n't even had it 4 months.PLEASE do Not buy this product . I am still looking for the perfect . . Inexpensive , nozzle . When I find it , I 'll post it her , -LRB- see UPDATE below -RRB- . I actually have found ` a ' perfect nozzle at Griots Garage but it is n't inexpensive . -LSB- ** UPDATE May have found a better nozzle , and it costs $ 10 just like this Gilmour . Look up the Dramm brass hose nozzle
 Leaked all over the place when I first attached it to my hose , then cracked . I would n't buy this model again .
 I bought a Snap-Cut 19T anvil pruner a long time ago ; it worked perfectly for many years until the grip pads started slipping off the metal . I 've since bought two replacements , and have been disappointed in both.The anvil pruner works by forcing a blunt cutting edge into a grooved surface . If the two parts became misaligned , the cutter does n't hit the groove , and the pruner becomes worthless . The first replacement went bad after a year , and the second one is now going bad after only seven months . If I twist the blades with my fingers to force them back into place , the pruner will work for a while , but before long it becomes misaligned again.There 's no excuse for a product to go bad so quickly , particularly when I use it only occasionally . My original 19T pruner -- the one that lasted almost forever -- was made by Snap-Cut in the USA , but the later ones are listed as `` Gilmour Snap-Cut '' ; perhaps Gilmour acquired Snap-Cut and shipped manufacturing to China.These pruners work fine out of the package , but their poor durability makes them unacceptable . I 'm now trying a Black & Decker anvil pruner -LRB- also made in China -RRB- to see if that holds up better .
 I have a very small garden . These were used to trim back roses.They work -LRB- ed -RRB- well , however , after just one season 's use they need significant sharpening . This is so even though they were only used to cute green growth .
 Decent sprinkler , kind of cheap feeling but for the price that is to be ecpected . It leaked pretty bad when I first got it so I had to use some teflon tape to help it seal . also the product came extremely dusty . The sprinkle pattern is pretty weak too .
 Nowhere in the product description did they say the brass in the nozzle -LRB- which comes in contact with the water -RRB- contains lead . It did n't need to contain lead although . The packaging does say , after the fact when I 've received the item . It 's too cheap to waste the time to return it . Try something else that does n't contain lead . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I received the plant as ordered in a timely fashion , however , the delivery person left it outside in the weather where it stayed for hours until I got home from work . Needless to say when I opened the package the plant was in poor shape with many dead leaves . I reside in Michigan and you can clearly see the snow on the ground and feel the temp of 20 degrees .
 Got this plant and well . . the leaves look pale . . which may be ok . . but its going to be a wait and see.I have grown pineapples before from tops and they are a lot greener . . Frankly Im a little disappointed on this one but like I said before . . Its a wait and see if it recovers . .
 I sold it to a guy and he was able to start it and make it work . I as a woman found myself pulling and pulling 50 times and could not get it to start . Then the pull cord broke and had to be replaced . I was not a happy camper . I bought an battery Yard Stick and while it 's a pain to charge up the battery before use , I 'm a much happy camper . For the little amount I do it works just great and I was able to buy replacement parts for it through their customer service dept.
 Tool worked ok first year . Stored 1 year . Pull cord now stripped and will not turn engine . Tried again and almost started -LRB- bad click noise from pull cord -RRB- then cord broke . Oh well .
 When the Gas Trimmer arrived the box was beat to death . The UPS person said it looked liked it had been thrown in the box . Sure enough it had . There was n't any carboard around it to hold it in place and the shaft is mashed so badly ... huge curve ... looks ridiculous . The shaft is supposed to be curved slightly . Everyone that looked at it . . said they could n't believe it is curved so badly . I would n't recommend buying from this company . We are going to try to get someone to straighten the shaft . In order to use it , you need to bend over toward the ground really close and try to angle it to cut the grass.Due to poor packing , it might have been better .
 Gilmour -LRB- Bosch -RRB- has gone over to the dark side ! And by that I mean this bow saw blade , that was once made in Denmark using Swedish steel is now made in ... guess where ... if you said CHINA you 'd be right on the money . Now , I happen to have two Swedish steel blades both made in Denmark as I write this . Both are over 15 years old , both were bought at the exact same time , one is currently in the saw , and one is still in the package unused . The one in the saw though a lot rusty is still sharp and working well but getting long in the tooth and wo n't last much longer . I ordered this blade -LRB- after researching its country of origin on the Internet -RRB- and found that it was billed as a top quality Denmark blade . They lied ! BTW , not Amazon 's fault , though I do wish Amazon would start mentioning the country of origin in their product descriptions . Compared side by side with a 15 year old brand new Denmark blade this China blade is a cheap piece of Chinese `` you know what '' and that is just from a purely visual inspection . I 'll go ahead and put it in the saw handle and use it and I 'll save my Swedish steel blade for when this cheap hunk of junk wears out -LRB- wo n't take long -RRB- . By then maybe I can locate a good blade to have on `` back up '' when I do have to start using my Swedish steel blade . I would normally give something like this only one star but as the blade looks like it might possibly last two years -LRB- being generous here -RRB- along with being an Amazon Prime item I gave it two . Long story short , if you want a top quality blade , look elsewhere !
 I purchased this item because it was made in USA , but it is NOT . It 's another crappy made in China product .
 This product simply is a lie . My husband followed all the directions and we still have an empty basket .
 I purchased the Buzzy Hanging Strawberry Basket for my sister for a birthday gift.However , the seed packet only had 4 seeds TOTAL in it.Very disappointing . I will not purchase from them again . If they 'd like to send seed replacements that would be nice .
 Buzzy Hanging Strawberry BasketThe components came in a plain brown cardboard shipping box , not as pictured . As this is a gift , I would prefer the identifiable product box .
 You can make your own upside down basket way cheaper than this . Just get a hanging basket , punch out a hole in the bottom , take your plant that you have purchased from a garden shop , usually for about 3 or 4 dollars for abut 6 of them , put the plant through the hole with it hanging out of the bottom of the planter , take a sponge , cut it in half , put it in the bottom of the inside of the planter , and put the roots of the plant through the cut in the sponge . This holds the plant in place . Turn the planter over , taking care not to crush the plant , and fill the planter with soil . Then go and hang the planter from some sort of structure that is in the proper light . I saw these instructions on our local morning news show , and the next day I went out and made three of them with tomato plants , and plan to do some more of them with strawberry plants , and some others . The tomato plants are doing well so far , they look really healthy . Sometimes starting with seeds is good , but starting with bedding plants is way faster !
 I purchased this item with DISMAL results . I followed the instructions to the letter and nothing grew . After a month , I emailed the company , as they said they would guarantee it 100 % and replace the seeds . Not only did they not replace the seeds , they never responded to the emails . I suggest steering well clear of the Buzzy Co. .
 Planted exactly as directed . Watered exactly as directed . Nothing grew . Only recieved about 10 seeds in the packet and nothing grew . Very messy to put together and not even one sprout . Not recommended .
 I followed the instructions very carefully -LRB- and I am experienced at gardening too ! -RRB- and have had very dismal results . Only two seeds -LRB- of 8 -RRB- germinated , and the plants just do n't grow !! They are watered , fertilized , receive plenty of sun , and they just stay the same small stunted seedlings of about 1 inch in height . Growth is aganoizingly slow , and I started these baskets in mid-March and it 's now the end of May !! I also purchased two kits for hanging baskets of flowers , and they have been almost as disppointing . I expected that after 2 1/2 months I would have full flowering baskets , but they are also small and stunted . The extra seeds that were left over , I planted in a seed tray using my own soil . They are doing very well . Obviously this is a problem with the soil provided in the kits.Never purchase from them again !
 As experienced gardeners , we carefully set up our Buzzy grow kit , and faithfully misted the planted seeds and growing medium . We were especially faithful because this was a gift from our children , and we wanted them to be able to see their gift when they came to visit . What a colossal waste of time and effort . No seed germinated , and we hung the planter in ideal location and tended it every day.After a month , we planted Morninglory seeds , and they soon jumped up and look great.This gift might work for some , but we rather think it 's a sham marketing ploy.Probably purchased as a gift in many instances - where the recipients are too embarrassed to make it known what a failure the thing is.This is , in our considered opinion , a complete sham !
 I just wish they would have told me that , then I wouldnt have had to call them and ask for more seeds , which they did not send .
 I purchased this kit from LTD Commodities . It is terrible ! The `` moss '' is a dehydrated block which becomes a big , soggy , falling-apart mess after you rehydrate it per the instructions . And the seeds are nearly microscopic and FEW . Are they made of gold or something that they only give you 5-6 teensy weensy strawberry seeds ? Good grief ! Do n't waste your time .
 Basket is ugly , chain is cheap and shiny , plastic liner shows through . PLUS , no plants came up . Seeds were expired . Transplanted some Buzzy Hanging tomato plants into and they died . Because of the plastic liner , it does n't drain and it 's difficult to guage how much water it needs . Very disappointed .
 They give you five seeds and then tell you to spread them around evenly ... they fell out of the seed packet and I laughed ... spread evenly they said ... phhhh
 I 've owned it for a year or so ... tonight the key for the flywheel broke ... well these morons at MTD -LRB- the ones who built this piece of garbage -RRB- decided instead of being able to replace the key , they 'd just incorporate the key into the flywheel . Of course , when it breaks , then the entore flywheel needs to be replaced ... made in USA ... ya , sometimes I think the Chinese stuff is better ... no wonder manufacturing in America is going down the tubes ...
 The LR Nelson Triple Spray sprinkler would not oscillate no matter what I or my husband did and it leaked profusely . I sent it back and asked for a replacement . The second sprinkler was no better , maybe even worse , and I sent it back too . After years of gardening and multiple sprinklers we 'd found the Gardena Aquazoom 350 sprinkler and declared it the best ever . But , eventually both of our Gardena Aquazoom 350 sprinklers broke where the hose connects to the sprinkler , because they 're made of plastic . Given the expense of Gardena sprinklers -LRB- @ $ 50 -RRB- and their plastic parts , I decided to purchase the LR Nelson sprinkler , because it was made of metal and appeared to offer the same features as the Gardena . I was disappointed . I 'd noticed replacement parts for the Gardena on Amazon and ordered those so now our Gardena sprinklers are back in business . Gardena sprinklers may be more expensive and require part replacement or special care to prevent breakage , but they can not be beat for functioning exceptionally well - except by an automatic sprinkler system . I 'll be ordering another Gardena Aquazoom 350 .
 I have bought two of these sprinklers , and use -LRB- d -RRB- them like any reasonable homeowner ... to water my lawn . Well , last week , after about a dozen uses , one of them disassembled completely . Just fell apart . Oh , all the metal -LRB- pot metal , not exactly a Titanium body , here ! -RRB- stayed intact , the plastic parts went elsewhere . It 's in the recycly bin . The other one
 Worked great when it worked!I have been using it and was doing great until the brass coupler broke away completely from the body.Although the threaded coupler is made of brass , what it is attached to is not !! It is plastic . It broke off and is now unusable . I wrote to Nelson last week but so far they have not responded . Overpriced pos
 I 've been looking for the perfect sprinkler that would n't be too cheap . After only a day , the range controls were getting hard to move , but I was determined to love it and looks past it . Lots of great features . After about 3 weeks I picked up the hose to move it and the receptor snapped off . At first it looks great , but it ended up being the most expensive and least performing sprinkler that I bought .
 I picked this item from BJs for $ 40 and it worked fine for about an year until the join snapped where I connect the hose . Now it 's useless ! For a metal body construction , I ca n't believe the connector is all plastic.I have no problems with the sprayer as such , the 3 spraying modes are great and covers great distance and the timer also works great .
 Great sprinkler , timer function is great and the selectable patterns are a huge plus . Metal base lends to the `` appearance '' that this may be the last sprinkler you might have to buy for a while ... however , after only one season it broke . And would n't you know it , it broke at a point where one of the few plastic parts joins the metal base . Too much to pay for a sprinkler that will not last a season . I guess I 'll keep looking for that perfect sprinkler ...
 Nice sprinkler in concept and the metal base is nice and leaves the impression that the sprinkler is very durable . Unfortunately the timer mechanism and the water inlet are the same inexpesive plastic found in the cheap sprinklers . As other reviewers have pointed out , the neck of the hose attachment is weak and breaks if you pull the sprinkler by the hose or accidentally trip over the hose . This is typical of Nelson products . I have one of their timers and it broke in exactly the same place . It kind of reminds me of the cars in the 1950s that were designed with controlled obselesence featurs so the car would start to rattle and squeek after a year or so . I am sure that the Nelson marketing guys wanted it to look strong and sturdy with the metal , but have a breakdown feature might cause the less clever to keep coming back year after year for a new sprinkler . JUNK design at best , Clever marketing a worst .
 These sprayers are not worth the money . They are way to damned big for anyone to haul around specially a woman . Pump is inefficient . Takes for ever to get pressure . Pressure does n't last very long . Nozzle trigger sucks . It 's either on or off . There should be a way to employ a refillable air supply cylander .
 Spend more money and get a better model . It 's a cheap piece of plastic . The spray nozzle does n't adjust . The blue o ring comes off , I could keep going with all it 's faults .
 I 've had this clock for a little over a year . Its temperature and humidity displays were never accurate . Its redeeming feature was its large time display I could read without glasses . Now , the clock will no longer set itself . The large display is still distinct , but the necessity to reset the clock manually reduces its value to that of a normal clock . I only use atomic clocks , so this is of no value to me now .
 I would give this a lower rate than one star but I ca n't . In less than 1 year the out door sensor went out , and a couple of month after that the atomic clock stopped updating , so all that is left is a manuel set clock with date and time and indoor weather .
 After only approximately 2 weeks , some of the LCD segments are no longer working for the humidity and the indoor temperature display . I did contact the manufacturer who did provide an RMA for returning the product for testing . It did take LaCrosse approximately 1 week to respond to my inquiry . I also sent an e-mail to Unbeatable Sales on 2/12 regarding the issue and they have yet to respond . Other than the LCD failure , it is a nice clock with lots of features .
 I just received this clock . It permits the language for the display to be changed from English to Spanish or French . But it does not permit the display to change from Fahrenheit to Centrigrade , nor does it permit the display to be changed from the 12-hour AM/PM format to the 24-hour international/military format . Seems like some pretty basic features , that would cost almost NOTHING to add . I have other atomic digital clocks , cheaper than this one , that permit these display changes . So it seems that whoever designed this was asleep at the wheel . Almost the entire world uses Centrigrade except the US , and most use the 24hr time format . This is such an American-made product from this perspective . So international buyers AVOID this model ...
 I just received this clock . It permits the language for the display to be changed from English to Spanish or French . But it does not permit the display to change from Fahrenheit to Centrigrade , nor does it permit the display to be changed from the 12-hour AM/PM format to the 24-hour international/military format . Seems like some pretty basic features , that would cost almost NOTHING to add . I have other atomic digital clocks , cheaper than this one , that permit these display changes . So it seems that whoever designed this was asleep at the wheel . Almost the entire world uses Centrigrade except the US , and most use the 24hr time format . This is such an American-made product from this perspective . So international buyers AVOID this model ...
 worked good for 1 tank of gas , filled with gas & it would not start , called to get it fixed , called 4 phone # , 0ne said it would take 3 months to fix , the other three told me it was a piece of junk , called mtd back , & they are going to send me a new one , hope it works better than the first one .
 A very inexpensive sprayer that seems to be well manufactured . Unfortunately , this is where the story turns sour . My Hudson 1 Gallon `` Eliminator '' sprayer came COMPLETELY DISASSEMBLED with about 10-12 different parts for me to figure out . The assembly instructions are unclear and the illustrations are so poor as to be worthless . After about 45 minutes of assembling , disassembling , checking and re-checking the compression fittings and `` O '' rings , I was unable to get this sprayer to work quite right . I 'll be returning this sprayer today . Do n't waste your time with this one .
 Simple
 My $ 5.00 cheap plastic oscillating sprinkler works better than this one . While it is of nice , solid metal construction and has some interesting features , the actual sprinkling area is about half of what is depicted in the promotional materials . I thought maybe that it was just poor water pressure because it was hot and lots of folks were sprinkling at that time , but I switched to my cheap one and that worked great - covered twice the area as this one . And , yes , I did have it on the setting to cover the largest area . I guess you do n't always get what you pay for .
 I purchased 2 of the Nelson Triple Spray sprinklers to water our newly seed lawn . This sprinkler was highly recommended to me by a local garden supply store . We put them out the day we seeded our lawn . The first hour was great , but then they both quit oscillating !! We live on a hill and because it stopped oscillating , our seed was washed away . Cost us over $ 100 to replace the seed . Disappointed !!
 bought one new on 6/6/06Quit oscillating on 6/30/06 . Brought it back to store and got a refund and purchased another one on 6/30/06 . The one purchased on 6/30/06 quit oscillating on 7/5/06 . Do n't think I will try another one .
 While this sprinkler , like the models that preceded it , gives very good coverage , it is not durable and must be returned frequently for replacement . Various models seem to have something different break on them , but they * all * seem to stop oscillating -LRB- some after as little as a few hours ' use ! -RRB- and the connection from the sprinkler body to a hose is very fragile . It breaks so easily it has to leave you wondering how much more cheaply this part could have been made . However , Nelson has been very good so far about replacing their sprinklers , so other than the fact that it is a pain to keep packing them up , and pay the shipping costs , they have made good on their defective products .
 When I was growing up in the 80 's my father owned a product like this ... except it had holes on the side of the pole and not on the bottom . The handled were yellow . I 've search every where for it . I could not find it . I found this yard butler device on amazon . I thought ... AWESOME ! Ordered it right a way . When I received it , I thought `` hmmm ... that 's odd . They put the hole on the bottom . '' I just used it for the first few trees . This thing is a royal piece of ! @ # $ % . It clogs 100 % of the time . One would think the clog would blow out if you pulled it out of the hole and placed it on the ground . Nope . It remained clogged for 30 mins until I got something to push into the hole and clear out the dirt . I sit here in utter amazement that someone mass produced this product and bought it to market . That person own me some money back .
 I really wanted to like this product . My dad had one very much like this that he used for more than 30 years , but it had holes on the sides of the spike , and not one hole at the bottom/end like this does . The problem is that as soon as I pushed the irrigator into the ground , it got plugged up with dirt and small pebbles so no water would come out . If the holes were on the sides , this would not be a problem . I know that there are irrigators out there with the holes in the side , and I would recommend that you look for one of those models .
 we used it once down here in the south and even predrilled holes for it in the ground with a 1/2 in auger bit and one foot extension , however after just one trees worth of use the paint was worn off the tip and it was severely rusted , I uploaded the photo to the bunch at the top of the review . Seems to be cheap steel and is certainly not hard or rust resisteant NiChrome at all , I doubt if it would last a few more jobs much less a whole season in my yard unless i was prepared to scrape it down with steel wool and hit it with Rustoleum each time we used it . If you are working in soft soils then fine , but after thinking about how easily the tip clogs I would spend your money on something else like the Treegator Junior Pro 15-Gallon Slow Release Watering Bag for Trees and Shrubs which is slightly cheaper and a lot easier to use . Also keep the box it comes in , since this is a very odd size if you need to send it back you will be hard pressed to find anything else that will do , we had to frankenbox it back , but UPS takes just about anything if its prepaid ...
 The root irrigator did not work right . Every time I pushed into the dirt the irrigator would get clogged . It was not worth the trouble . Very disappointed
 There is only one hole in the bottom and it is very small . I used the product twice and now it is clogged and I can not get it to work again . I would suggest putting holes on the side as well as the very bottom opening . This is the only product I can find for the purpose needed .
 This little dude does its job , but it could certainly be better.I could not find the specs of this thing anywhere in the description , but so you know , it is 36 '' from handle to tip . You could get up to 32 '' of it into the ground , which is pretty deep . Of course , unless you have full sand or very clean and freshly dumped soil , good luck getting it that far in the ground ... The tube is 5/8 '' thick . If you hit anything hard -LRB- read
 The Yard Butler is a poorly made tree watering tool compared to Ross . With the drought and the recall on the Ross tool for its cap that pops off I did n't have much of a choice . The one hole for water at the bottom of the tool is a poor design that clogs easily , even when you put it into the ground as the directions indicate . To make it function much better I drilled holes on the side of the tube to do a quicker and more thorough job .
 This product worked just fine watering those bushes and small trees needing a good subterranean soaking . Unfortunately , after using it several times the coupling where the hose connects came apart . The poor design makes it impossible to reconnect the coupling . With the return period past , I 'll need to see if manage a new way to make this work .
 I just purchased one of these and I am amazed how poorly things are being built now . If stopping every minute to rewind the line is what you want here is your trimmer .
 I have had a Troy Bilt rototiller and been pleased with it , so I thought their weedeater would be a good purchase and I bought on today . What a big disssapointment . The bump trimer head is worthless and unreliable , and it is impossible to remove , and there are no universal heads that will fit it . Initially , the head was assembled incorrectly and would not feed line at all . When I turn the weedeagter sideways to edge my yard , it quits running because the engine ca n't get gasoline from the gas tank because of the poor design . My recommendation is do n't buy a Troy Bilt weedeater . I 'm going to take mine back .
 Do n't waste your money , line spool capacity not good , replacing line difficult . You will get about 10 minutes of work before you have to replace the line . I have use mine for the first time , 20 minutes of use , 30 minutes on line relacement -- no need to send it back -- I just gave it to my local charity
 This is a piece of Junk . This weed eater will cause you to pay for repairs . I have had 2 of them and my neighbor 's second one broke also . Ask a small engine repair man about Troybilt and watch his reaction ! The carb on the Troybilt is so temperamental and will gum up , stall or will not work at all , I have spent $ 60.00 on repairs , this weed eater is only used sparingly and my yard is not that big ! I had a Ryobi for years and never had a problem , save your money , buy a Stihl !!!!!!
 Update 5/2011 : Gave up on this unit completely and put it on the curb with the trash . Whether the trash man took it or someone else did , I can not say , but I know that I 've since moved on to a model from Hitachi and my life has been sunshine and roses ever since.Original review : I purchased this as a complement to my new home back in 2006 . It 's been a poor weed trimmer from the very beginning . As another reviewer said , it 's very finicky about orientation
 I 've gone through 3 of these . I heard they were supposed to be good so I bought one in 2009 . It broke the first day then I exchanged it and got another one . I did n't use the new one till this spring and it lasted a little longer but it also broke fairly quickly . Unfortunately I could n't exchange this one but I bought another still thinking maybe I had just been unlucky because I had always heard such good things about Troy-Bilt . The 3rd one broke one its second use . I think what happened was the gears in the head got stripped in all 3 but I 'm not positive . Either way I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 It worked well initially , but problems started as soon as the first spool of line ran out . Every time I need more line , I had to shut off the trimmer , unscrew the bump head , and manually pull out the line . Now it is n't running at all because the fuel line fell off , then after putting it back on , the fuel ran out of the carb and did n't get to the spark plug . I have been tempted on many occasions to toss this thing into the woods . I 'm very disappointed with Troy-Bilt .
 I bought one of these after my long time John Deere -LRB- Homelight rebranded -RRB- Trimmer had finally given up the ghost.First
 This was my second gas trimmer purchased to replace the electric trimmer that wore out . In both cases they worked for the first year and quit . I trashed them both - an expensive experiment . I have replaced the gas model with a Ryobi electric `` Power head '' . This accepts standard tools and I have used the head with string trimmer , pruning saw , hedge trimmer and sidewalk edger . The 12 amp head has plenty of power for these applications . If you can stand pulling the cord arround , this is an excellect choice . My first Ryobi rand trouble free for 12 years.The Troy dealer told me Troy the warrantee excludes carburator problems because ethanol separates from gas and ruins gaskets . The warrantee is invalidated if any gas is used that is more than thirty days old .
 This weed eater is a piece of JUNK . Do not buy this PLEASE listen to the reviews that give this thing one star . Ive had the starting cord break twice on me and Troy Bilts customer service is by far the most inept and usless customer service ever . After calling the first time and telling them the cord broke , they would not take the product back even though it was under warranty . They told me to take it to an authorized repair shop . This turned out to be a fiasco in itself because not a single authorized repair shop would work on it because in thier words `` troy bilt is too hard to work on '' so I went about reparing it myself . Well i found out real fast why the repair shops wouldnt work on it . Its not worth their time . It took over 2 days to finally get the cord reparied . When I went to use it again , the cord snapped in two once more . Its in my dumpster , DO NOT BUY THIS EVER !!! Oh and I must mention the first time the cord broke I had only used the weed eater 3 times up to that point !!! Please listen people . PIECE OF JUNK !!!!
 I put a one star only because they did n't have neg . stars . This is nothing but junk does not run well , never starts . Quits all the time when using it . Stay away from this and save your time , mowing and trimming instead of pulling to start , fixing and stessing on why you bought this __________ piece of garbage
 This is a true marvel of poor engineering.-It is very hard to start -- right out of the box with new fuel-The string dispenses continuously , going through about a foot in two minutes-Putting new string on is a true task in futility-there is nothing to hold it to the spool so it wo n't stay in place in order to wind on more-The straight string , which is one reason I bought this , is gone in about 2 minutes-because of the design , the reel string will curve up around the head -- even if it is trimmed very short , the `` autodispensing feature '' soon has several inches out , and it immediately twists up around the shaftI did buy this because of the brand reputation -- wo n't ever buy another of their products.-and oh , the safety guard does not align correctly with the plane of the head -- so if you have the guard parallel to the ground , the head throws waste/rocks/stuff up towards you at about 15 degrees ... and if you align the head parallel with the ground , the guard is ineffective and the rocks head right for your ankles -- even wearing long jeans , the rocks hit hard enought to cut skin through the denim .
 The product did not come when stated . Only after my requesting info did I recieve an update as to delivery date status . I finally recieved it a week later .
 I thought it was a decent trimmer until I went to start it up the other day . It has completely stopped working after only a handful of uses . I feel conned . I ca n't believe that it did n't even last one year . I would NEVER recommend this product . It 's a cheap piece of garbage . My dad bought one last year , and his is doing the same thing . Troy Bilt should be ashamed !
 I bought a Troy Built weed eater last summer . It is total junk . You spend more time fixing the line than actual weed eating . I would go 15 yards and the line would be gone and you 'd have to take the head off and redo the line . The cap is very hard to remove . Plan on weed eating for 5 minutes and 20 minutes getting the head off and getting the line redone . Customer service is as bad as it gets . Mine had an electric starter to use when you did n't want to pull the cord . It died the 1st summer . I will never buy any Troy Built products again . I am going to give mine away and get a Stihl .
 Two weeks ago I received this string trimmer . I ran it for about 1/2 hour and put it away . Tried to start it a week later and could not get it started . Pulled on the cord for 20 minutes . I took it to a local small engine repair guy and paid him $ 20 to check it out . Turns out the coil crapped out after that first 1/2 hour of use . We disassembled the unit and dug out the coil . Someone had marked the coil with a sharpee
 After about 4 hours of use , one of the clutch dogs broke in half , -LRB- bad casting -RRB- , so I called Troy-built and was told they would not send a new clutch , and I had to take the trimmer to an authorized repair shop which was Eagle River Small Engine Repair in Eagle River , Alaska . Eagle River is about 200 miles from where I live . I took the trimmer to the repair shop , and the owner , John , told me he did not work on trimmers and refused to even look at it . I called the Troy-Bilt customer service line again , and Al , the idiot I spoke to told me I needed to make an appointment with a shop in Wasilla , AK that is not an authorized repair shop.I would recommend buying any other brand than Troy-Bilt , because they do not honor their warranty . In fact , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON ANYTHING TROY-BILT makes . Their products are garbage .
 I bought this trimmer about four years ago.It was great when new and the easy-start really was easy . The spool was rather difficult to load and sometimes the line would jam and need to be dismantled to free it up.It was quite heavy and the vibration often gave my hand a carpal tunnel-like strain.After four years it just stopped and now wo n't start . I have stripped it down to see if it was a carburettor problem but it is a very simple carb that had no obvious problems . It is not worth taking this to a repair shop . It seems to be designed to last out the warranty but is not quality construction.I would n't buy another but would consider spending a little more on a better quality make like Stihl or Husqvarna .
 The trimmer did n't run properly out of the box the first time I used it . The second time I tried using it it would n't even start . Now I am stuck going through the manufacturer since Amazon says it wo n't take it back.Thanks for nothing . If you want a trimmer , buy it local so you can return it if it is broken .
 I bought one of these a few years ago . It started running hot after 1 season and I brought it to a repair shop the next season after the gas tank sprang a leak . Then something else in it broke that the repair shop -LRB- and warranty -RRB- could n't fix . I thought it was a fluke and bought a new one . Guess what ... never has run correctly . Starts fine , and ran ok -LRB- some sputtering -RRB- for one season , now it sputters every time I rev the RPM 's for full speed cutting . After doing some research , it seems that there are some sub-standard parts -LRB- Fly-wheel -RRB- and the warranty is useless . Also , tilling attachment is only good for very soft , loose soil . Next time , I 'm going with a different brand . You should too . Why pay over a hundred bucks for something that 's only going to last a season .
 I purchased this trimmer two years ago . The first year I used it I had absolutely no problems at all . However over time , it became harder and harder to start . Now it sits in my garage because I simply ca n't get it started . I 'm not a whiz on small engines , but I know enough to check the spark plug and any obvious signs of problems , and I could n't find anything wrong . Two years old and ready for repairs!I would avoid this unit if I had another chance .
 So far I 'm peeved . If you follow the manual you wo n't be able to start this puppy . The manual describes a two position switch on the engine when actually it is a three position swith . The manual says to move lever all the way towards the primer bulb . Actually this is to stop the engine which makes the cutoff switch on the handle redundant . Correct position is in the middle . Manual says to push primer bulb 10 times !!! On taking it to service center tech pushed bulb twice -LRB- 10 times will definitely flood engine -RRB- and then started and manually moved lever to third -LRB- run -RRB- position . Manual says lever moves atomatically to run position not so . Tech also says that this is actually a Ryobi that Troy-bilt has put their name on and that it is mass marketed for internet and that it is n't a very good machine . Have not used yet so ca n't comment on performance . Not sure if I 'm going to keep it .
 The trimmer that I ordered took three weeks to arrive , was all beaten up and did not include the trimmer attachment and the edge guide listed in the product description . Amazon appears to not allow returns because of the fact that they know the product was not as advertised .
 Used less than 20 times , and does not hold up . Bad head spool design that rounds-off plastic spool teeth and throws out line . Disassembled head after repeated failures -LSB- and wasting a lot of line and time -RSB- and found an internal spring was missing , which allowed inner spool to slip and caused damage to spool . Wish I 'd spent a little more and gotten a quality brand .
 This trimmer is called `` EZ Start '' . Whoever thought of calling it that has a sense of humor because this thing is terribly hard to start and becomes worse over time . I have cleaned it out , replaced the sparkplug numerous times , always use fresh fuel and it still gives me a workout trying to get it started . Once you get it started and it is warmed up , then it runs great , just trying to get to that point is really difficult . So , here I am , I bought this stupid thing to make trimming easier and faster , and I usually end up using the hand clippers because they 're faster and less effort than trying to get this trimmer going . I thought Troy Bilt was a good name but now I am thinking otherwise . I looked at Hondas , but they 're around three times as much , so maybe there 's just not a gas trimmer that works available in my price range . Honda is the only small engine that I have luck with , so until I decide to pony up the extra money for a good quality gas trimmer , I guess I 'm stuck doing the trimming by hand . I obviously do n't recommend this trimmer .
 Those of you who have trouble feeding line out of your single line trimmer may be wondering if the double line is double the trouble . Actually , it 's even worse than that . If you have any chain link fence you 're trimming around , a double line is a nightmare !! The string wound around opposing spots on the same reel is 10 feet long . They expect you to unreel the whole thing and then wind it back in every time the string breaks - RIGHT !! The only thing that 's nice about this thing is that the spring does n't go flying out when you have to take the head apart -LRB- often !!!!! -RRB- . If the string is not the same length on both ends , you 'd think it would automatically cut it for you when you rev the motor . Instead , it wobbles because it is out of balance . YOU can trim it as necessary . I bought this because I got sick of the 2-cycle smell and because I wanted the advantage of switching to other tools on the same motor -LRB- I could not get a 4-cycle and/or the ability to switch between different tools in a trimmer that did NOT have a dual line head -RRB- . Other than that , it is NOT what I had hoped for . The only reason I bought this at all is because of the string feeding problem with my 15 year old MacCullough . If you are in a similar situation and your old motor runs okay -LRB- which they usually do -RRB- , do yourself a favor and get your old one fixed - maybe a new head . This thing also needs to have the rocker arm clearance set every 25 hours of running . Who the heck wants to mess with that kind of stuff ? I 've done mechanical maintenance all my life and do n't see why/how an average owner would want / be able to do this !
 This thing wo n't stay running long enough to get much yard work done . I bought Troy-Built as it had a good reputation . I 'm still trying to decide if it 's worth it to try to pack up such a large bulky item to return it , or to just '' eat it ''
 Buyer beware ! It may be fine for very casual use . But ours did n't last through our first container of concentrated weed killer -LRB- less than a month -RRB- . It 's entirely plastic , and pretty thin at that . It has a very flimsy hose from tank to spray wand which kinked allot during use and soon broke off -LRB- and we could n't repair it -RRB- . The handle you wheel it around with actually broke along its shaft - not at the connection . And our backs were very sore from having to lean over so far to spray weeds at ground level due to the short wand . We ca n't even locate the manufacturer to ask for repairs or a refund . I 'm guessing that was their intention ! Their name is nowhere on the product.If you see a similar design made with sturdy materials , buy that instead & tell the world about it , because it COULD be a great tool . Good luck .
 It appears to be a great idea and should be a time saving and easy way to spray my plants without having to carry around a heavy container . However , I can not get it to work . The pump runs , but I can not get water that I was using as a test to come out of the sprayer wand !
 This spray is made very cheaply , the handle broke off the second time I used it , it 's a great idea if it was made sturdier .
 I do not recommend this product . The handle broke within 10 minutes of first use . You have to be very close to the item you are attempting to spray . The cord kinks repeatedly and the stream from the hose is a light mist . The wheels do not roll easily unless you are on a smooth surface -LRB- ie not on a grassy area -RRB- . I like the idea of a battery operated sprayer and one that rolls but this product does not perform as needed .
 This is the worst sprayer I have ever seen . Used it once , it never worked again ...
 I have used TWO of these . They never last a year . Plastic breaks and pump simply stops working . I even took one apart hoping to fix it . No luck . All throw-away parts . JUNK product . When new it works fine , however it is so cheaply made it does n't last !!!
 Do n't waste your money . It continually falls off of the pole and has no effect in the deep end of the pool . If you insist on buying it , get yourself a pair off goggles and dive in and scrub by hand . That is the only way it works .
 I bought one of these locally at Lowes . The head came off of the pole part in the first 3 minutes . I was able to put it back on but it requires a tremendous amount of force to do so . When it came off the second time about 2 minutes later I put it back in a sack and returned it . This is a lousy design .
 The quality is not that good , I really was waiting for a better one , it feels all plastic , it costs 5 sth dollars and the shipping from US to Malaysia costs more than 6dollars , which I thought the seller wrote the shipping is free , or sth like that , anyways , the big problem is the bad quality .
 This item was really disappointing . It looks nice enough , but is poorly made . The wicker is n't very nice , and the interior faux leather straps are shoddy.The worst part , by far , is that carrying it by the handle would cause all your unsecured items inside -LRB- i.e your food -RRB- to fall to the bottom in transit . Such careless design ! I decided to return mine before using .
 This should cost $ 15 , I ca n't believe how cheaply and poorly made it is for the cost . When it arrived it already had a cracked glass and the handle was falling off the basket , which is attached with hot glue and what seems like round paper fasteners . The straps are cheap plastic , everything about it is poorly made of the cheapest materials . Cups and plates are plastic , silverware is thin steel . The only reason I did n't return it is because I needed to use it so I superglued the bottom of the cup together and just went with it . I would not recommend this product , it would be better if you got a cheap basket and brought your own utensils . I wish I would n't have wasted my money .
 The basket looked good online ... but when it arrived , it was extremely low quality . Light weight , cheap construction ; fake leather straps ; cheap plastic plates , and flimsy low-quality flatware . We had purchased this for a wedding gift , but would have been embarrassed to give it to someone , so returned it and when to plan B.
 My cushion arrived quickly but it was n't the beautiful cushion that was pictured in the add . It was a horrible-looking thing with a big blue flower print on it . I was n't too happy but decided not to send it back because it was n't that important . I wo n't be using it very long because it flattens out so much that it 's almost like not having a cushion at all . I supposed the nice looking one that I did n't receive would have been just as uncomfortable .
 I took time off from work to take delivery of the grill and I enthusiastically prepared to put together my new grill only to discover that it had been badly damaged in transit and could not even be put together . What a dissapointment ! They should really do a better job packing items that need to be transported and delivered by courier services such as UPS , as the carriers do not treat them with enough care .
 bought a mitm power washer from a to z parts master first off item was wrong from the web site so i received a diff model omeh1450 fine rob was the contact so he refund the shiping told him the pump was covered in oil was low in pump oil fine added some pump oil / the next day it had more oil on the pump so there was a leak in the top of the pump some were it had lose alen bolts that looks like the handle and oil reservoir are tied to together half a turn titened / went out to try it in good fath to see if it worked and the motor would not turn over just a hum wanted a replacemet vender refuses to do so i was told that a call tag for a dammaged item was issued and fedx mite be calling me , for what ?? Most likely this was d.o.a from the mitm corp factory and now i have to lie to fedex then i get my money back when a to z parts master gets it back so they get the insurance money ?? from fedex nicerwasmitm pum oil
 This product appears to be nothing more than cayenne pepper powder . I used it in my birdfeeder and the squirrels seemed to love it !
 This stuff is nothing but cayenne pepper , which you can buy at an Indian Food Store by the pound . You 'll need a pound of it to work anyway , not 1.5 ounces . Rain washes it away , see , and the critters might sneeze a little , so you have to put it on thick to really irritate them . This small bag is a joke .
 This stuff is very uncomfortable if it comes into contact with human eyes or lips ... but the chipmunks in my backyard are n't phased at all!TRY making your own hot pepper concoction before wasting your money on this stuff ...
 I have had two of these in my yard for three months and the mole/vole activity is just as high today -LRB- within a few feet of the actual device , no less -RRB- as it has been prior to wasting my money .
 Gophers are now happier than ever , and they seem to concentrate their activities right around the `` Supersonic Mole and Gopher Chaser '' . I installed it more than 2 weeks ago , and I think the gophers liked it so much that they called in their friends . Every day new holes appear , sometimes 2 at a time.Bottom line is , do n't waste your money on this .
 installed unit exactly as recommended . Little buzz sounnd it makes is extraordinarily feeble . Left installed for two weeks plus in a Western Washington lawn to zero effect . Mole hills came up within a foot of it as if it were not even there . It is now laying in the garage on a bench and I am out the cost and trouble . I have used other units of this type -LRB- not of this maker -RRB- which were very successful . Major disappointed !
 Bought 5 of them to ensure there could be no doubt that coverage was sufficient . They all sounded different . They had no positive results for ordinary ground moles in Washington . Terrible product .
 I purchaed 3 of the Vibrasonic molechasers a few years ago and they worked great , until they started to wear out and did not rattle very loud . I replaced them with the `` Supersonic '' molechaser and was extremely disappointed as they had absolutely zero affect on the moles . I left them running for nearly 4 weeks and the mole activity has continually increased . I will be going back to the Vibrasonic molechaser . Maybe i have `` Special '' moles .
 Well , under the assumption that this product would do as it claimed and that was to rid us of moles , I purchased 4 of these Super Sonic Molechasers as well as the required 16 D batteries.I dug the holes , placed them in the ground and low and behold the mole mounds are still there ! These moles even have the audacity to come up where I placed the super sonic mole chasers in the ground ! These were not worth the money nor the time I invested ! What a piece of crap . Whatever you do people DO NOT buy these . I should have heeded the reviews previously written that they are not worth it
 I purchased 4 of these to protect a half acre area . I figured that would be plenty of coverage . One of them has already stopped working . I have returned it to the manufacturer for replacement under warranty . I am still skeptical about their effectiveness . I would be lying if I said I have noticed a reduction in mole activity . I 'll give them more time and see what happens .
 The Raintain Traveling Sprinkler worked great when I received it in early June . I used it a couple of times a week off and on throughout the summer , but last week it stopped working . It lasted about three months before the gears stripped out . Not a very good lifespan for the money I paid for it . Will I buy another ? No . I guess I 'll go back to moving my sprinkler or paying more for something that will actually last longer than 3 months . I loved how I could make it cover such large expanses of the yard by simply directing the hose where I need the sprinkler to do its work .
 I remember my dad using a sprinkler like this when I was a kid -LRB- I 'm 61 -RRB- . We are in the middle of a drought here in Texas and I was tired of having to move the sprinkler and thought this would solve my problem . First of all , this is a VERY heavy sprinkler and is awkward to pick up and move . If you have any trouble lifting heavy objects , get something else . It has to be moved . You ca n't drag it and you ca n't turn it around and make it go the other direction . I have found I have to check on it as often , if not more often , than I was moving my oscillating sprinkler . First , it jumped off the hose/track and was climbing the fence . Then , it kinked the hose and cut off the water . Finally , it dug itself a hole and had mud all over the back wheels . Tried it another time and it just stopped spraying water . No kink this time , checked the button on the bottom , could n't get it going again . I went back to my oscillating sprinkler . At least it 's easy to move around . I think you need to use this on a very flat , very straight lawn . Mine is bumpy and I need it to make a couple of gentle curves . It did n't work for me . I like the spray it puts out and would use it as a stationery sprinkler if it were n't so heavy to move .
 I purchased this unit and payed the hefty one day expidite fee . When it arrived I was very excited until I opened the box and discovered the threaded coupling that holds the sprinkler arm on was missing . I called Nelson as instructed by the insert in the box and they told me it would take 2 weeks to get the part . I asked for a supervisor hoping she 'd understand that I paid extra and needed this quickly . With NO apologies or sympathies offered for costing me extra or for the inconvience , she cooly said 2 weeks was the best they could do because they were so backed up . I guess with that type of business , losing one customer like me does n't matter to them , so beware if you need replacment parts or your order arrives with missing parts!I am upset and disappointed with Nelson !
 Have had this product for only a month and have used it four times . I use it only on a flat surface and in a straight line from one side of my back yard to the other side . If I read the information provided with the product correctly , it has a high setting that is supposed to move at ~ 40 ' per hour and a low that is supposed to move at ~ 20 ' per hour . The first time I used it , it seemed to work fine but then it slowed down dramatically on the second use and is now very slow . On the high setting it now takes the unit I purchased ~ 7 hours to go 75 ' -LRB- ~ 11 feet per hour -RRB- . During the last use I heard a clicking sound from the unit as it moves -LRB- barely -RRB- . I do not recall if it made this same sound the first three times I used it , but I believe there is a problem . I have neighbors that have this unit and have had no problems , so I believe it is just a defective unit . I will contact Nelson to return and replace it .
 Planned obsolescence is bad for the environment , and the consumer . I own a version of this item from the early 1980s , all-metal construction -LRB- including the transmission -RRB- . It 's still going strong after 30 years.This year , I needed a second unit due to a larger garden . I was dismayed to discover that Nelson at some point decided to replace the sturdy metal transmission with plastic . Why on earth would a company deliberately make a product worse?Most businesses strive to improve their products . Nelson seems to have become the king of plastic - which in the demanding arena of sprinkler applications is a recipe for disaster.Absent any official reason for the change , one can only assume that the company is more interested in selling parts , and replacements , than keeping landfills free from unnecessary waste and building a reputation for durable , environmentally friendly , long-lasting products.If the cost to manufacture a metal transmission increases the retail price by $ 40 , I 'm sure many would be happy to have that option and would pay the extra price . As it is , this will be my last Nelson purchase . I 've been burned by their liberal use of plastic before on other less expensive sprinklers , but I assumed that the Rain Train was still a top quality item , like it used to be . Only after I opened the box did I discover the truth - that they managed to go plastic on there too . It 's really sad to see a business lose sight of what it means to be the best .
 I have had Nelson raintrain sprinklers for years , and in the past I had nothing but good things to say , but now that the new Bosch company has taken over I will NEVER buy anything from them again . The last time I had to buy a transmission for my tractor , it was 2008 , and it cost $ 13.00 . I just ordered a transmission last month , and in 3 weeks it has already broke , so I called them like I had in the past when I had a problem with a replacement part , in a nutshell , I was treated terribly , told I was out of luck that I would have to purchase another transmission . ITS ONLY BEEN 3 TO 4 WEEKS !! They are terrible !!! On top of that it cost me $ 24.00 and $ 9.00 in shipping . NEVER AGAIN !!! If you are from the BOSCH company you should be ashamed of yourself . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! It is cheap china junk now .
 I got tired of how many times this jumped the track . I believe the gears are plastic , as well , it stopped progressing along the hose . I never abused my tractor sprinkler , always putting it away -LRB- fearing theft -RRB- . I ultimately bought a national walking sprinkler and added the brass arms so i would be done replacing this expensive item for once and for all . -LSB- ... -RSB- That item is expensive and heavy but is all metal and does a great job .
 not operating as it should . I 've had it on a shorter hose than allowed , yet , the tractor just stops in the middle of the yard , and I 've had 2 months of very water bills , because , I guess , I thought I 'd leave it alone at night , and it would stop by itself ... wrong ... had a John Deere one , twice as much , but 3 times better ... I should have kept it , instead of going for the cheapo : -LRB-
 My family had one of these for 20 years and it was awesome . I had to send mine back to Amazon after 2 weeks because the gears are now made of plastic and stripped out.The concept is great , but it just does n't work with the cheaper materials.Also the older ones shut off with an in-line valve on the hose that the tractor ran into . This new ramp system with the button on the bottom of the tractor does n't work . The tractor would hit the button like 80 % slowing the flow enough so the spinner would stop spinning . This stopped the tractor , meaning it just sprayed the same exact patch of grass until you noticed it.Sad.Amazon gets 5 stars though for taking it back and paying return shipping on a freaking 20 pound hunk of junk .
 The tractor seemed easy enough to use . It worked great for about a week . Then all of the sudden it quit moving forward and would just make a clicking noise . Now it 's worthless and I have to pay to replace parts that have evidently broken or gone bad after just a weeks use . At this point I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I sent mine back on the second day ... It pulled less than 70 ft -LRB- in 2 seperate pulls -RRB- then the gear box started skipping . $ 8 to ship it back to the Peoria IL repair center . Repiars were quicker than the 4 to 6 weeks stated in the returns paperwork . When I called the repair center in the second week they said `` Hold onto your receipt '' . The warranty period is two -LRB- 2 -RRB- years . I 'm guessing I 'll need it again .
 This sprinkler worked great for the first two months , watering large areas of the yard a traveling along the hose as I had hoped , only occasionally jumping the ramp where I placed it . On one occasion , it jumped the ramp and ran until it hit the fence . When a couple of the interior plastic gears stripped out , it was a very quick decline when the remaining plastic gears stripped out and it became a stationary sprinkler . Now , it 's useless and in the garbage . Design would be drastically improved with metal gears .
 I bought this Nelson Raintrain after borrowing a neighbor 's for several months . I thought I knew it would work for my lawn , since my neighbor 's sprinkler worked for my lawn . I was wrong . There are apparently several design changes , but most importantly , this one will not stay on its track the way the neighbor 's does . If I walk away for 15 minutes , I come back to find it happily digging holes a few feet away from the hose track . The only way I would recommend buying this sprinkler is if you can go back in time and buy one when my neighbors did .
 I was VERY disappointed with the Nelson 1865 Raintrain . Every one I know that has one of these has nothing but good things to say about them . For myself , the second time I used it I noticed it was clicking and it would go forward and then fall backward . It was literally taking 2 steps forward and 1 step back . Hopefully this was just the one bad one of the lot . I do apprciate amazon.com having an easy to execute exchange policy . I am just hoping I will get my $ 17.80 back for shipping this product back to them . If not , I wo n't be back . If yes , I will be back .
 was so excited about this product that I ordered 3 . Within a month on one and 3 months on another the gears stripped and would not move &#34; walk &#34; again . Very disappointed at the gears were plastic and not very good plastic at that ! Would not recommend this to anyone !
 I have used these sprinklers for quite a few years but have struggled with removing the axle caps for the last time to change out the housing . The screw drive seems to be very inferior to what they once were . If you miss catching the sprinkler when it does n't make a curve and it runs against an obstacle it is mostly shot.Too bad Nelson do n't make the gears as solid as the body itself . Might cost more but would be worth it . I am going to buy the all metal traveling sprinkler next .
 I have owned the Nelson Raintrain for two seasons . With just a little experimentation I was able to get the tractor to navigate nearly all the turns in my lawn . I learned that I could attach an unlimited amount of hose to reach the ends of our property as long as I periodically pulled hose to prevent the trailing length from becoming too heavy . No constant moving a sprinkler from one spot to another and it had the good sense to shut off automatically when it was finished . It 's now in the landfill.It partially broke just when I had it mastered and was fully enjoying the benefits of a traveling sprinkler . The first thing to go was the auto shutoff . The tractor would run up the ramp and not shut off but would normally stall or topple over . This created a pond and if the wheels were still turning , torn sod.Eventually the gear stripped and it would no longer turn the wheels . I 'm sure this was hastened by the times it did n't shut off and stalled out while digging in the sod.The principal is great as are the promised benefits . Fortunately , there are better made alternatives . For about a hundred dollars more you can get a National Walking Sprinkler model that has steel gears and has been around since the thirties - made in Nebraska I believe . Amazon sells their model B3 or they have a web site . You wo n't regret the additional investment . As it does not have auto shutoff , you may want to add a timer .
 A traveling sprinkler made in the USA -LRB- National Walking Sprinkler , Omaha , NE -RRB- costs more , but is 10-times better.We 've owned two of these Nelson devices . They work pretty well when new , but the plastic gears soon deteriorate and then these 18-pound beauties are absolutely useless . Do n't know if they can go in the recycle bin.There are a lot of reviews complaining about the gear problem . Take them seriously.The manufacturer could easily remedy this problem , but they have not.It 's an expensive contraption , but , as another reviewer said , its best use may be as a boat anchor.Caveat emptor .
 Buy a Nelson Rain Train with caution , or not at all . I owned 2 Nelson Rain Trains and had to repair both several times for the same reason , failure of the penultimate drive gear . The plastic drive gear is turned through a series of reduction gears going to a worm gear on the spray arm and if the wheels are stalled on an obstruction , the spray arm continues to spin , shearing off each of the gear teeth one after the other until the unit completely fails.It is a simple task to open the gear case to remove and replace the failed gear . Unfortunately L.R. Nelson Company refuses to sell the gear . They will only sell the complete transmission assembly . Consequently , a simple repair , including shipping , costs more than half the price of a new sprinkler . I did that twice and when they failed a third time , like others here , I converted mine to boat anchors.There is an alternative , but you have to look for it . The National Walking Sprinkler is the real thing , built in the USA and built to last . Sometimes they are sold here on AmazonWalking Sprinkler - Cast Ironbut you can get a better price if you buy from the factory .
 THe thing worked only a short time per attempt before it went off the track or the sprinkler arms blew off from the water pressure . Ca n't turn up the water pressure above half on without a `` blow out '' occuring . Got tired of fooling with the darn thing and sold it on e-bay . I lost a little money but at least the old-fashined oscillating sprinker worked and worked very well . I would not recommend this sprinkler to anyone .
 The throughput is too low . I have a metered water timer . When I set the time to 2 hours using a oscillating or pulsating sprinkler , it takes 2 hours . With this Rain Train set to 2 hours it takes 4 1/2 hours to apply the same amount of water . It takes twice as long to water the same amount of grass . The other problem I 've noticed is that yellow stopper device that turns off the rain train does n't work . The tractor sits too deep in the grass and catches the bottom side of the stopper . I have not been able to get this thing to stop yet . The tractor turns well until it is dragging a lot of hose behind it , then it tends to go off track -LRB- hose -RRB- more easily.Where I have found good use for this sprinkler is my side and front yard . For small areas , the rain train is ideal . You can set the sprinkler to water an area as small as 15 ft and up to 55 ft. Of course , the bigger the area , the less water that gets applied per application .
 I sent an inquiry a few days ago to the company , and have not received a response . I bought a Raintrain from Do It Best in Champaign . It worked for a week , then ran over the stop block and stopped at a rock and kept running . Now it will barely move , and there is a clicking sound when it attempts to move . I assume a nylon gear was stripped when the stop ramp did not work . I want a replacement . I 'm waiting for their response after a second inquiry today .
 I got a Nelson Raintrain to water irregular lawn areas . It looks great at first , shiny yellow body of massive heft , but things get much more problematic when you actually use it over time.THE GOOD -- The unit worked well for three months when it travelled over densely thatched lawn with no blemishes or irregularities . Then there is the real world of real lawns . Here 's what I found.THE BAD -- If the lawn has a gap 2-3 inches or more between solid grass , one wheel would dig down and spin , digging deeper and deeper . The unit would stop , and occasionally tip over . The manual said such a scenario is likely to strip the gears , but mine did not . You must exercise extreme caution using the Nelson Raintrain with newly sodded ground , as gaps in the sod will cause this problem.You can not use it on newly seeded lawns , as it will dig into the mud for reasons described just above.Past about 60 feet the hose becomes too heavy to drag , so the unit occasionally stops and more likely tips it over if there 's much of any turn.If there is a sharp turn with radius less than about 5 feet , the unit sometimes jumps the hose and heads off on its own , stalling somewhere.The amount of water delivered has only two settings , high and low speed , whereas the average user may need more variation and control.The overall amount of water deposited may be too light . The streams of water rather thin , so the reviewer who said the total accumulation for both travel speeds was inch was likely correct . I want to touch up after a light rain and soak it when I have new sod.Very occasionally one of the sprinkler arms would be thrown off.You can not use a timer with this unit more than once , as you must reposition the travelling unit before each run . If you need to go away for a few days , this defect can be critical . I must take two trips this Summer and water $ 800 of new sod , so I just bought a bunch of new watering equipment from Amazon.You can not adjust the sprinkler heads , which are fixed , from a stream to a mist . They really deliver more of a stream than a spray . The pattern they deliver is not even , but when it travels it will be except at the beginning and end of the run.Often they break . If the reviews here at Amazon are any guide , likely over time they break , but not usually in the first few months . Mine simply stopped spraying water after three months . When I determined the water passages outside the gearbox were clear , I read the Amazon reviews and threw the unit out . I would have spent a couple hours repairing it the first time ; it would likely have broken again ; I am leaving on a trip before replacement parts could be in place ; and I ca n't use this unit with timers in any case for trips.The massive metal body is a wonder to behold but the entire rest of the unit is lightweight aluminum and plastic . I found myself taking great care putting the unit down in my shed , afraid I might bump and bend the lightweight aluminum sprinkler arms.For all the reasons above , you must keep an eye on this unit every half hour or so or you are taking a chance.In summary , the Nelson Raintrain is a neat idea for watering irregular lawn areas but too mechanically complex for the task . It has enough design flaws that they would likely not be corrected even if the mechanisms were more sturdy . Instead I 'd recommend an alternative strategy with more reliability and the same or less cost.THE ALTERNATIVES -- To water my irregular areas I am switching to more standard sprinklers daisy chained together with short hoses . I can leave these fixed and use timers . The highly rated products on Amazon I plan to get are : * Nelson Adjustable Pattern Control Gear Drive Sprinkler with Flow Control on Rezimar Wheel Base # 50250 , likely the best sprinkler but it does not have a built-in inlet and outlet , so I 'll put it as the last one in my daisy chain . * Nelson 50230 - Whirling Vane Sprinkler , has inlet and outlet built-in * Nelson oscillating sprinklers * Nelson Triple SprayAnd for the timer I 'm getting * Orbit 62001 Lawn & Garden Hose Digital Watering Timer And Valve '' Tools & Hardware
 i specifically bought this sprinkler because the description above clearly stated that it was made in the USA . however , the sprinkler that arrived was made in CHINA , not the USA.thanks a lot , nelson , for betraying your customers and your American employees .
 Ordered a month ago . Received with a part missing . Returned unit and still waiting for a replacement . No money no product . Still waiting for a response to email . The vendor seems to have a good bit of negative feedbackthat should have cautioned me . When these sort of things happen , I without business -LRB- Amazon -RRB- until the matter is resolved .
 I bought this item because of its reputation . At first I was very pleased with the item , it was making laps around the yard , and seemed to be doing great . So one night I drug my hose around , and made my nice track , and put the shutoff about 15 ft from the end of the hose . Well , I got up the next morning , and it was still going . It had come off the track , and had run into the flowerbed . Needless to say it was stuck . Just so you know I was using a 5/8 '' heavy duty hose , so I really would n't think it would jump off track . Now the gears are stripped and I had to order a new motor from Nelson . Cost me $ 23 for a new motor . Oh and did I mention this was only 2 weeks after I purchased the product . I love the product , and the concept just hate the plastic gears !
 Note that the positive reviews for the Nelson Rain Train are generally 9 or 10 years old . Some newer reviews complain about the low durability and the plastic gears that fail after less -- often far less -- than 2 seasons of use . This implies to me that sturdy internal gears made of metal were replaced with flimsy ones made of nylon around 10 - 12 years ago.I have two of the newer units -LRB- the only kind available in recent years -RRB- , and they routinely stop functioning after around a season of use . This is despite the fact that I live in northwest Oregon , where the watering season is short . The innards -LRB- transmissions -RRB- are available from Nelson , but are very annoying to replace because of the way the wheels are attached
 I own three LR Nelson Traveling Sprinklers ! Two speed and a neutral positions . Says that it drags 200 ' foot of hose!The traveling sprinkler is a great concept . However , `` They just do n't make 'em like the used to . `` The gear box has failed in all three within a seasons time . Just be prepared to buy a new one every 2 months and ` Happy Watering ! '
 I have a 1/2 acre lawn , and most is on a gentle slope.If I try to go sideways , it fell over EASILY -LRB- top heavy/too narrow -RRB- ! Even when I go up/down , it falls over at the slightest bare spot!It also commonly does not shutoff when it gets to the ramp - goes a ways & falls over.The stuck sprinkler arms often dig a large hole , when it falls over ! ~ ~ ~ I finally gave up & had a Rainbird buried system professionally installed-I have to replace 3/4 broken Rainbird heads a year -LRB- usually discovered after I see large dead spots ! -RRB- ! The Rainbird heads `` supposedly '' have a 5-year warranty , but the `` only '' local authorized dealer balks at replacing them -LRB- I show him the installation receipt too ! -RRB- . Catch22 ! - If I TRY & complain to Rainbird , the refer me back flaky dealer!It is now a mix of Rainbird/Hunter heads.I have only had the new Hunter heads section a year , and I hope they last longer/more dependable !? The Rainbird heads cover MUCH better though , and hope their new model replacement heads last better -LRB- no new ones bad in 2-years ? -RRB- ? I wish I could offer you a more viable solution !?
 1 is way too many stars for this product . The main unit is cast metal and weighs perhaps 20 # . The gears are light weight plastic and have a life expectancy of about 50 hours . That comes to $ 1 per hour cost of operation . Of course , there is no warranty . I understand they used to have metal gears and would last a lifetime . But alas , now they are made in China -LRB- in spite of what the catalog sheet says -RRB- and are junk . I would n't bother to try to use it , if someone gave me one - much less buy it !
 I tried to use this on my brand new lawn which was seeded -LRB- i.e. , not sodded -RRB- . This was a bad idea and did not work . As soon as the ground beneath the Rain Train was damp , the front wheels started to sink into the ground . Before long , it stopped moving forward and the front wheels were completely sunk in.Because this thing is pretty heavy and the front wheels are very narrow , I can not imagine this being usable for new seed-based lawns . Maybe it would work fine with sod.I will clean the mud off and store it in my garage until I have grass and try again and update my rating -LRB- probably next spring -RRB- . Back to pulsating rotary sprinklers ! I 'm trying my luck with this one : Gilmour Extra Large Coverage Sprinkler # 999ZS
 I received my sprinklers on time but they both broke with in 3 days . They ran off the side of the shutoff pad and stripped gears . Will send them back to factory soon . This makes 4 and 5 of this type of sprinkler I have purchased over the past 21 years and have had great sucess with them on the past , did not have plastic gears in the motor . Very dissatisfied .
 None of the descriptions of this product mentioned that it does n't work on new lawns - just the instructions after I bought it - it gets boggged down in the wet dirt and runs off the hose easily - I will try again once I establish the grass but so far I am disappointed .
 I have owned one of these for about 20 years and it finally just wore out . I always loved the design and found it very practical for the shape of my lawn . So I bought a new one , but have been very disappointed . Every once in a while the tractor jumps off the hose , which is understandable . However , if it runs into something solid -LRB- like a tree or the house -RRB- and the back wheels ca n't turn very well , the teeth on the main nylon gear strip off and the tractor wo n't move anymore . You can buy a new plastic motor from Nelson but it gets to be frustrating and expensive . It has happened three times now , simply because the tractor drove off the hose . I have done an autopsy on the motor and it looks to me like the main drive gear is poorly constructed . The teeth on the main gear appear to be peeled off , like they were poorly attached to the hub . I would not buy this product again unless they address the gear issue . I am really disappointed because I really like the overall design but would like it to be more reliable .
 i set up the product as per instructions . Turned on the water , and let is start running ... within 10 feet and 10 minutes in quite running , When I checked it out , after a hour or so of internet research , found that it had stripped the gears in it that were made in CHINA ... . EXTREAMLY POOR QUALITY ...
 I bought this because of all the good reviews here on Amazon . It worked great for 1 week . Then it started leaking a huge amount of water out the bottom and did n't have enough pressure coming out the sprayer to keep it going.I took it apart to try and find the problem . I was surprised that only the front body of the sprinkler is metal . The entire rear assembly , including the housing , wheels , gears , and all internal parts are made from cheap plastic . The molded housing that connects the water from the hose coupling -LRB- on the outside -RRB- to the sprayer -LRB- on the inside -RRB- had cracked and split , allowing the water to leak out inside the sprinkler.It was apparent from the damage that the housing had cracked from some force on the hose coupling . I have been very gentle with this sprinkler , and not abused it , or torqued it by the hose . Most likely it was from the force of dragging the 100 ' hose around , which is what it 's supposed to do .
 We 've had a Nelson Rain Train for years . Each one lasted for years . We are on our third one . The others worked like a charm . The front wheels were heavy metal as were all working parts . Now we have purchased a real pain . It 's hard to believe they could cheapen it so badly . We never know whether it is on or off since it will turn itself off for a blade of grass . It does n't stay on track so we never know where it might have transported itself . We ca n't leave it alone for a minute . Now , after reading some reviews , we understand it might strip its gears at any point . Should have read the reviews before we bought but thought we were getting the previous quality .
 My sprinkler was purchased from Amazo.comThis is my third Walking Sprinkler . The last two I had were Nelson and I wore them out.The new model is different in many ways . IIt has a `` motor '' that drive the sprinkler , both other ones hadstops on each wheel that drove them . They also had metal , not plastic drive and guide wheels . These plastic wheel are the problem . The sprinkler is not heavy enough too stay on track . It will jump the hose , even on a straight run , and go off track.Having known this I would not have purchased this item . Another brand would be better , I 'm sure.GDYURK
 Theory is great ... practicality and reality are not ! I built a new house so my yard has been tilled and I planted new seed . The problem that I experienced is the raintrain gets STUCK . What happens is the raintrain waters in a circular pattern but when it travels to where it has already watered it gets stuck . It looks like they would have designed it to only water behind the raintrain . It may work better on an already established lawn but I do not recommend this product if you are wanting to water a new lawn .
 i 'd have given it 0 stars if i could . the gears are made out of plastic , and are prone to stripping if the tractor is not used in optimal conditions . i broke mine 3 times -LRB- returned each time -RRB- when it would get stuck in the mud , against a small rock or something similar . when used in optimal conditions , this item works , but i 'd recommend getting a rittenhouse instead
 I have just purchased my second Nelson Traveling Tractor . The first broke after about two years . It was a great labor saving product for getting water to the entire front yard without constantly moving the sprinkler . But now , the second is broke after only two months . The plastic materials are not designed to sustain a very long life . The sprinkler obviously has some cheap plastic parts . Do not spend a lot of money for this product .
 I have had this sprinkler for 2 years or so . I find it agravating as heck . I can not leave if it is on . The ground needs to be flat and hard for it to traverse , or it will sink in soft , or muddy dirt , or just get stuck . The sprinkling effect only covers the outer radius of a circle , rather than the whole area of said circle . I am looking for a better unit . 1-star is the lowest they had to choose from .
 I bought this sprinkler to deal with a newly seeded lawn that I needed to water daily . I liked the idea that this sprinkler can move through a relatively large area unattended . I dislike this sprinkler because it `` jumps '' the hose regularly -LRB- even though it is laid straight , nothing in the way -RRB- , it 's gears on high-gear stripped after half a season and finally it 's just slow to cover the area it is trying to cover - my old sprinkler -LRB- back and forth fan style -RRB- put just as much water down in less time so even though I would have had to move it a few times - at least I could water the lawn in an evening . I have n't dumped it -LRB- yet -RRB- - but it 's not worth the money ...
 water motor broken after only -LRB- 1 -RRB- year of use.very disappointed and ca n't find mfg. site to order replacement part
 Had to replace a very durable old Thompson traveling sprinkler after it got under the wheels of our car . Selected this Nelson sprinkler after reading unfavorable reviews of the durability of some other traveling sprinklers . I got about ten hours ' use out of it before it self destructed . It stalled over its stopping ramp pulling only about 15 feet of 5/8 '' hose . I found it running there , making snapping noises , with transmission gears stripped . Critiquing it from my engineering background , it has two major flaws that led to self destruction . The stopping ramp is inadequately designed for stability on freshly mown St. Augustine grass turf , and the transmission gears are made of a plastic that is obviously not strong enough to provide any reasonable job survivability margin . Wording in the user manual which you do n't get to read until after you 've bought the sprinkler , indicates that Nelson engineers and management are fully aware of the overly fragile nature of the transmission in this sprinkler . Bear in mind that our Thompson traversed this lawn for years with no problem . Another shortcoming of this sprinkler is that it does n't lay down enough water for a once weekly watering schedule in brutal southwestern summer weather . The old Thompson had that same flaw , which I remedied by enlarging the end orifices on its sprinkler arms.Fortunately the ruined Nelson transmission is under warranty , but I had to pay the shipping expense to return it to their repair shop . After the warranty expires , transmissions are available for about $ 14 a pop , plus shipping , but who needs the burden of a product that is n't sturdy enough to outlast its warranty?R Blankenship
 I recently purchased my second `` Raintrain '' sprinkler and sadly , it 's already kaput . My first one lasted over 8 years . While the metal body is designed to last forever , the important parts of this sprinkler are now made of plastic . After only a few short weeks , my new sprinkler 's gears are already stripped and it does n't move . It only sits there clicking . click ... click ... click ... Save your money . It takes a serious sprinkler to be worth $ 60 . This one no longer cuts the mustard .
 Bought this product after owning another for 10 years with no issues until it finally stopped working . The new one is obviously not made from the same materials as they used to be . The new one worked 3 times and then stopped traveling , the arms spin but it will not move.After contacting Nelson regarding this product I was told I needed to send back the gearbox to them so they can fix or replace it . The person I spoke to was lackluster at best.I bought a product expecting it to work , I did not buy a product to have to take it apart and change parts that may or may not work ... Do n't think I 'll be buying any Nelson or Gilmour products again ...
 The sprinkler worked good for three days . After calling customer service at Nelson , I was told the motor needed to be replaced . As the hubs are a pain in the butt to get off the wheels to get to the motor , I have n't sent off the part yet . Not pleased with it only working for three days . Will be ticked if they do n't pay postage .
 I bought this sprinkler in 2008 to water an acre or more of grass , only to have it ` derail ' and get stuck - subsequently stripping the cheap plastic gears . So , I replaced it and last I knew , at the end of the season it worked fine . Well , it 's now 2009 , I just set it out for the first time and the gears appear to be stripped again for some unknown reason . I wo n't be buying this model again until the gears are as sturdy as the tractor !
 Now on my third Nelson Traveling Sprinkler that has busted down during its second use . Seems like something is wrong in the gear box as it attempts to move forward , but just clicks and bounces back . And yes , the spray arms are aimed correctly . The first two were exchanged because the cheap plastic black tee connector cracked and leaked after there first use . One would think a brass tee would apply here . Not knowing how well this product was made in the past , but today Traveling Sprinkler seems to have cut corners in quality .
 I thought this would be great for my yard but I set it out and it would move only about one foot per hour . I contacted Nelson and they sent a new motor which I installed . Now the sprinkler does n't move at all . I suspect my water flow is not sufficient to drive this thing , as my house is about 55 years old with iron pipe that is somewhat occluded.DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM unless you have a newer house with no flow or pressure problems . And do n't buy from Amazon unless you are sure it will work because Amazon has a poor return policy.UPDATE September 23 , 2009
 I have 3 of these and have replaced the gearbox in all 3 and now all 3 are stripped out again . Wo n't buy another 1 .
 Nelson 1865 Raintrain Traveling SprinklerIf the Nelson Raintrain Traveling Sprinkler did n't have plastic gears in its transmission I would give it a 5 star rating . I 've purchase my second Nelson Raintrain now with the plastic gears failing in both trains . I seem to only get a season out of this product before it fails . In my opinion the gears are engineered to break easily under normal conditions forcing one to purchase this item again and again . I did find a web site that sells replacement transmissions with the price tag of a little over half what a new Nelson train would cost , I just could n't bring myself purchasing the same cheap transmission that will inevitably fail again.After reading the reviews on the Rittenhouse Walking Sprinkler , Walking Sprinkler - Cast Iron , that is the sprinkle I will have doing the job next . They are heavy-duty , cast iron construction , metal gears , and made in the USA . I will be money ahead in the long run.Sorry Nelson , my hard earned cash will be staying in the USA this time .
 can do the same with little or no effort with a $ 5 twirly.not worth the effort or money.how many words does it take to get across the point that it is worthless
 What I got was not what I ordered . Several pieces in this item were broken . According to First Call , the item was `` used , in good condition . '' Gave false info , and will not try to rectify this situation . Buyers beware !
 VERY Unhappy . This sprinkler is a joke . I have had these for years ; and this one DOES NOT MOVE . The post office will not accept this as I have opened the box , Well , yea , and so I am out the money I wasted on this product from Amazon . So disgusted .
 what a colossal loser this was . i have a level front yard . i set it up right , all i asked it to do was follow the freaking hose line like it was supposed to . this POS rain train never left the station . it traveled a mighty 3 feet before promptly flopping over and fixing one wand of spray on my open study window . repeated attempts with different hoses in different areas -LRB- with windows now shut -RRB- were met with equal failure.i 'd rather stand in the yard and take 8 hours and hand water it than use this loser again . my grandfather warned me not to get this and he was right . sounds great in theory , works like ! @ # $ T^!@# in reality.the only joy i got out of this thing was after 2 months when i could n't take it anymore and heaved it as high as I could in the street and let it come crashing down until it was destroyed . i could n't bear to foist it off as a freebie to one of my neighbors or even my worst enemy .
 I have tried every possible formation for the hose , and no matter what I do , the tractor rides right over the hose at every single turn . Even on straight hoses it rides over the hose if the hose it 's pulling is n't in a straight line behind it . I have even bought different hoses . I bought a super expensive hose thinking the hardness of it would be difficult for the tractor to ride over , but it still jumps the hose . I bought a super cheap hose thinking that maybe a lighter hose behind it will make it easier for the tractor to pull and wo n't pull it off track . Neither worked . EVERY time I use this thing I have to watch it or I end up watering the neighbor 's lawn . Today when I tried it with another new hose , thinking I 'd finally bought the perfect hose for it , I came to check on how it did with the first turn and found it in the middle of the street watering the street . A HUGE disappointment !
 The design is good , but the sprinkler wo n't rotate on any kind of an incline . If you yard has a hill in it , this just wo n't work .
 The door mat is just ok -- the actual item received does not match the picture on the website at the time of the order -LRB- 12/17/11 -RRB- . I was ordering based on the image as much as the description -- the doormat pictured looks really cool , the one received is plain and boring . I could return the item , but it 's a gift and there is n't time to order something else . Normally Amazon 's images are accurate , but in this case it is not . Hopefully they update the image with the correct picture .
 Biggest piece of junk I 've bought in a long time . Got tired ofbuying -LSB- cheaper units made in China -RSB- , that lasted for about 2 months before they started to leak . The Nelson 5200 at twice the price lasted 2 days before it flooded my porch . Guess i 'll have to spend more .
 This product does not work well with variable water flows . Underlow pressure it tends to not turn off . It is just not reliable enough to count on , and if you have to go out and check to see if it worked , what is the point ? I think you will be better off with a timer that works with a spring , like an egg timer rather than one that works via water flow .
 I have experienced getting soak and wet trying to set the spray pattern with this sprinkler . I gave up and purchased a K-Rain gear drive 5 '' . They are the easiest to set on the market with no hassles and no getting wet ! My suggestion is you should have bought a K-rain !
 I have had the unit for 1 year now . I use it for weed and poison oak control with Roundup.The unit worked very well last time I used it , now it does not pump properly.I did leave some Roundup in it the last time I used it 2 months ago ; normally I do clean it after use unless I plan to use again soon . In this age of plastic and synthetic I am quite surprised that the membrane can not take chemicals very well . The piston pump does not have a membrane so would probably do better.The membrane kit is $ 19.95 and very difficult in my opinion to replace ; this indicates a poor design , meaning , It should be a simple thing to replace something that you know will have to be replaced.I bought a Stanley backpack sprayer , will report later on that one .
 I have owned this sprayer for about a year now and the unit has clogged up somehow , even though I 'm normally pretty careful to clean after each use . The problem is -LRB- as stated by another post -RRB- going online to read the instructions on how to take apart , check , clean , and replace parts is WAY too complicated . Maintenance should be limited to `` unscrew this , check an o-ring washer and maybe replace , and that 's it . If this product was sold to only MIT students it may be ok , or if I had an entire afternoon to attempt the tear down and rebuild it I could get it to work , but at the moment it gives me a headache just to look the instructions and try to decipher them .
 I bought one of these and it worked great ... one time ! When I tried to use it the second time the pump was frozen and a plastic piece that attaches the handle to the pump broke . I took it to a Solo approved repair shop and since I couldnt find the sales slip they wanted $ 140 to fix it -LRB- I only paid $ 70 + to buy it new -RRB- . I called Solo and emailed them and they said they would take care of it but they never did . Now I have to buy another new one -LRB- I do n't think I 'll get another Solo -RRB- . Very poor customer service but it did work great the one time I got to use it !
 This backpack sprayer is literally a piece of junk . We used it one time and the plastic strap buckle broke . The pump does not create enough pressure to to spray properly , the liquid just trickles out . We bought this particular sprayer because our previous Solo sprayer lasted six years with only minor problems .
 Good sprayer but very difficult to repair . Engineers who designed this must be laughing out loud . Not meant to fix .
 I `` Finally '' found a `` Very Effective '' Powdered -LRB- hard on Solo ... internal piston pumps ! -RRB- broad leaf herbicide called Chaparral -LRB- + full 2,4-D , for Fast results -RRB- , that was `` Highly '' recommended by my local Farm Store!I got tired of lugging around my 2 gallon tank sprayer , and thought I 'd give this a try ? - Pros-Absolutely None!Cons - Pressure gauge filled with liquid first use -LRB- pre-tightened -RRB- , but thought I 'd try itbefore requesting a replacement ? - What a pain having to keep pumping several Hard strokes every Few sprays -LRB- 1/2 acre lawn -RRB- . The whole tank is n't pressurized , just the `` Small '' internal reservoir.Tank sprayer pressure would last a whole long pass , with the same/more pumping effort as every Few feet with the Solo . - I pre-pick the flowers/buds off Dandelions/Clover ... , after stooping down then straightening back up a few times , with this `` Heavy '' weight on my back - I was Exhausted -LRB- the tank sprayer was like a cane getting back up -RRB- ! - The plastic spray wand is `` Wimpy '' , and Not good for `` thoroughly '' agitating the `` Whole '' weed -LRB- both sides , and 1sec spray at base too - 2 ' + brass shaft works best for me -RRB- . Bottom Line - The Solo sprayer is NOT Faster , or an energy saver in Any way !
 Bought one of these over ten years ago . It is still working and never gave me any trouble . I do not have access to it anymore so I bought a new one last year . Immediately the cheap plastic buckles broke so I had to kludge the straps . Then this season the pump quit working . It has only had light use . Good luck trying to work on the pump . It is in the trash and I am using a small tank pump sprayer that is wrking much better . Never again .
 Have been using this now only two weeks and its broken . The spray wand is made of the most cheapest plastic available I am sure.Talk aboiut cutting corners . In particular the trigger mechanism has a cheap plastic squeeze that has an even cheaper plastic insert that initiates spray.This broke on mine after about 4 or 5 tanks being sprayed.Real nice product here lol . I was ready to return this poorly made product and really should have but than saw I had a quality wand from another sprayer from a different company that lasted a few years till it finaaly broke but the sprayer still worked so I put on this sprayer . So the other spray wand from a different company lasted years and now is still working on this sprayer , yet the one the solo came woith broke in a couplke of weeks . Unreal ! Keep in mind too that the Solo sprayer is not cheap either.The fact that Solo puts the most cheapest parts possible in building this sprayer yet charges and arm and a leg for it is sickening.If the rest of the sprayer -LRB- most noteably the pump -RRB- have these same cheap products that the wand and trigger have than they will no doubt break as well.I would avoid this product as it will break if used even a few times it is only a question of when .
 This is a very over priced , poor performing product . If I had not used it I would return it for a refund .
 Although Solo sells a replacement pressure pump for the 425 and 475 backpack sprayers , this part is not replaceable even by someone with above average skills and experience . The repair shops refuse to work on these sprayers or want to charge more than a new sprayer costs . A good sprayer , but not repairable except for easily accessed o-rings and washers . Sorry Solo . I need something for the long haul .
 I installed a complete irrigation system with 10 zones . The 4 zones that have gear driven rotors or spray heads work flawlessly . 6 zones have the Mini-Paw . Of the 11 LG-3 Mini-Paw sprinkler heads installed , 5 heads have failed -LRB- they ` hang ' on rotation sporadically -RRB- . See `` http://www.irrigationtutorials.com/reviews/rotor/rainbirdminipaw.htm `` for more information . I flushed the lines and did a good installation . The problem is not water pressure of flow . I will be replacing all 11 impact rotors with Hunter PGP-ATR gear driven rotors `` http://www.irrigationtutorials.com/reviews/rotor/hunterpgp.htm '' . Fortunately Hunter makes a product that will fit into the Rain Bird casing , so I do n't need to dig up the existing heads . I 'll admit it ... I really wanted to hear the ch-ch-ch-ch-ch of the impact heads , and that 's why I went that route , but after trying them and doing more reading , I realize it was a bad idea . Do your own research and see what the pros are installing .
 I would like to give this product a negative star rating . Like a previous entry , I put together a large underground sprinkler system . using 30 or these mini paws . 1 year later , about 6 or 7 of them are failing . They wont rotate , they just spray in one spot . I pulled one out to take a closer look and somehow dirt has gotten into the place where the head should rotate , now it grinds . I have one area of my lawn that was done in a sprayer type of head , they 've been working strong for 6 years now no maintance required . I guess I 'll have to switch these out like the other reviewer did . DO NOT BUY THESE , YOUR WAISTING YOUR MONEY . YOU 'VE BEEN WARNED !!!
 They do shoot very far and have 2 ways of connecting it to the water pipe -LRB- side and bottom connectors -RRB- . You can also get various size colored plastic nozzles -LRB- red , black , yellow , blue -RRB- that screw onto the opening to release less/more water . Changing a malfunctioning pop-up head is extremely easy and quick with a special wrench . I have 10 of these installed around the house . I find that it uses a huge amount of water -LRB- even with the red nozzle -RRB- and does n't soak the lawn . Somehow this seems like an impossibility , but they managed to do it . 25 minutes each zone should be enough water , no ? In addition there is runoff water wasted into the street from the heads.Lack of water pressure is a concern here , which is why I have installed the red small nozzle . Sprinkler heads stop functioning , so you have to clean inside the canister upon occasion . Keep the grass away from the heads by zapping . After a few years , the entire head stops moving completely requiring you to unscrew the head from the installed canister with the special wrench , and replace it with a new one . Also only use a maximum of 3 or 4 of these on one zone or you wo n't have enough pressure for all of them to move , especially if other people are watering at the same time as you.If you were installing from scratch , I would recommend other more modern spray types that do n't break on you , and maybe a soaker hose connected to the line as a supplement during droughts . The soaker hose must be brought in for the below freezing winter months .
 I agree that the birds have great difficulty retrieving seed from this feeder . I contacted the seller and they advised using only black oil sunflower seed . That is what I am using . With my old feeder , I had to refill several times a week . I filled this one several weeks ago and only had to refill yesterday . The birds land on it , try fruitlessly to get a seed , then leave . I 'm losing my birds to the neighbors . Also , I find it difficult to fill . It has to be hanging to do so . I have my feeders hanging high to prevent squirrel and chipmunk access . I usually fill my feeders straight from the bag . Well it is a little difficult to lift a 25 lb . bag of feed above my head . So I have to use a scoop . Annoying .
 I put these blocks out three days ago where there is known mouse activity , and so far it appears to not even have gotten a nibble .
 Never used this product because I could not open the station to insert toe bait . It went back to the store .
 Just bought 2 packs , used last night , the rats/mice are still biting on the Eatons from Ace Hardware but they did n't touch these - too much wax . But I 've caught 4 so far using Victors rat traps and peanut butter but the last 2 nights he -LRB- she ? -RRB- stole the peanut butter without triggering it ! This is the smartest survivor I think , and I 've got 14 tomato plants which I wrap with shade cloth at night and I put a 60 watt spot light out there.Eaton 's bait blocks are better so far , to weaken them -- then they are vulnerable to the traps .
 I tried this bait and all it did was get moldy . Did not attract the mice and did n't work at all . Eventually , I used snap traps that worked . The Tomcat was a waste of money .
 Worthless , didnt get rid of any mice . waste of money get home defense press and set traps instead ! Works almost immediately !
 Sprayer RUSTED OUT within a year !!! Totally FALSE and MISLEADING advertisement regarding the durability of this sprayer !!!
 I broke the handle on my second hole . Be careful when using this item . need more words to complete review more more more more
 Just a heads up . They sent me a different flag . I am sure they would have swapped it but I was putting on a fundraiser and time was officially non-existant .
 I bought one of these about 4 years ago , use it about 2-3 times a year to spray weeds in the grass.Stainless steel is great , but the pump and nozzle are plastic , and both have deteriorated badly . The nozzle is barely functional and the pump is leaking pressure , and now its gotten to the point that its useless . Chapin wants $ 33 -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- for a new pump . Instead I 'll be investing that money in a new sprayer from a different manufacturer .
 I hooked this hose to plastic threads on a hose reel . No leaks . However , the hose kinked worse than any hose I 've ever used while I was putting it on the hose reel .
 This hose worked for a week . Cheap and kinks constantly . And to top it off after a month , a hole just burst through the hose for no reason . Complete waste of money and buyer beware . Pay extra to get a hose that will last longer than a month .
 I expected a little better quality , but this was another cheaply made China import . While the blade is servicable , it is n't the strongest . And speaking of not being the strongest , the handle -LRB- advertised as being ash -RRB- is n't anywhere close to being ash and is n't what I would consider a long handle regardless of the acronym used - LHRP .
 I ordered the Union Tool # 44130 Lady Gardener shovel made in the USA . What I got was a Nature Craft mid-size shovel made in China . It is larger than the one I wanted so I returned it .
 I purchased the Union Tools 62430 bypass lopper in December , 1999 and used it for the first -LRB- and only -RRB- time in January , 2000 . While the tool cut extremely well for a couple hours , the handle bent when I attempted to prune an osage orange -LRB- hedgeapple -RRB- tree . Unfortunately , the handle is not replaceable .
 I ordered this Barn Scrapper and never received it . I called them and they sent me `` JUST '' the handle and no tool ! I called them again and they sent me `` JUST '' the handle again ! I kept telling them to only send me the tool but they would not work with me . Do not do business with them as they just do n't care . I wish I had a better review , but bad business is just bad business . I paid my money and after 6-months I still have not received what I paid for and never will .
 This picker will get the fruit , but it usually gets some of the branch as well and sometimes rips off a whole branch . It pulls the fruit off . If the fruit does not come off easily , which my oranges usually do n't , I have to pull hard . When the fruit finally comes loose , the back snap of the branch sometimes causes other oranges to fall to the ground and get bruised or broken . The wire hooks can damage the fruit unless you are very careful.The wire basket can be difficult to thread through the branches . It is also difficult to grab a single fruit in a cluster.Get the TwisterPicker also available here on Amazon . It beats the wire basket hands down . Read the reviews there before you buy here . Here 's the link : Fruit Picker , the TwisterPicker
 my handle has split and I ca n't find a placeto get a replacement handle or instructionson how to put it on if I can get one
 Look at my other reviews for other meat tenderizers that are made a lot better than this one and would be more worth your while . I say it 's flimsy because it 's so skinny . Other ones have a wider base and offers more stability when you 're stabbing into cuts of meat . This smaller one also means you have to stab the meat a lot more . I say just get the larger one that 's more stable and takes less effort .
 I purchased this item as a gift.The first one I received had a cracked acrylic cover . I sent it back.The second one I received had an uneven cover and all spoons could not be put in the trays . I sent it back.The third one I received had a broken white cup and a bent hinge . I 'm going to send this one back.Insanity
 Tool Crip ships this in the Porter Cable box . The box is thin cardboard and so when it arrived the box was almost in pieces . UPS had also dropped the generator and the frame was bent , spark plug was completely broken off , generator mount was bent , they really did a number on this one . Tool Crib was not very responsive in giving me a specific time to pick it back up and could not assure me I would not have the same experience on a re-shipment . I 'd buy this item locally and skip Tool Crib given my poor experience with them . No one seemed to care or was concerned about my problem with their poor performance .
 the lids do not hold water . I use the bottles with the injector tip to spray water on to ice to defrost refrigerators , no mater what I do the tops always leak.DO NOT BUY !!!! you will be disapointed
 Save your money and buy something else ! I got this set for my husband and it looks great when you open it up . Nice case , though made of cardboard , and nicely packaged . Looks like it 's all metal . He used it right away . First problem was the grill brush fell apart when he scrubbed the grill . Literally the bristles pulled off the brush and fell into the grill . But we pressed on . The metal skewers melted on medium heat on the grill . The handles must have been attached by glue or something , and after a couple of minutes , the handles melted and fell off . There was nothing on the package to indicate that the skewers were decorative only , so logically you should have been able to put the metal skewers on the grill . Overall just a disappointment . We 'll be returning . We found a set of ChefMate all metal ones at Target on sale for $ 15 which look much better than this one , so shop around for more .
 I liked this product until we made kabobs . The skewers in the set seemed perfect ! When we put the kabobs on the grill rack to cook , a white-ish foam started coming out of the handles . We make kabobs a few times a month and have never had a problem like this with any other skewers . All of the other pieces in the set are great , but we had to throw away the skewers , along with our dinner that night !
 I had minor problems with this from the start . First , the motor would buzz real loud , and only a stream of water would flow out . Then , one day something popped inside , and white goo spilled out all over my deck . I knew that was n't good , but it kept working for another week or two until the lack of pressure issue returned and it stopped working altogether.Poorly made . From what I read here , it looks like that cheap plastic part broke . Since I am past the one month return window , I am out of luck .
 McCulloch pressure washers have a fragile plastic part that links the generally robust metal motor and metal pump to the pressure switch that cuts power to the motor when pressure is attained . In operation , the plastic part is prone to bursting -- and if it does you ca n't replace it.I have an older model that is just beyond warrantee . In NORMAL OPERATION the plastic part burst . I am told that my model is no longer made , that many people ask for this part , and they are SOL . I am also told that McCulloch pressure washers are still made with this plastic linkage.This likely explains Jazzman 's problem.By the way , McCulloch was purchased by the Taiwan company Jenn Feng .
 I used this thing twice for about 6 hours total . The third time it simply lost it 's pressure and would not stay on . I called the 800 number printed right on the unit and waited for 35 minutes ... no answer . I do n't know about the rest of you out there ... but when I have invested too much time and the company wo n't talk to me when I call ... I have to throw in the towel because I could be doing something productive . Chalk it up `` you get what you pay for . What was I thinking ? $ 78.99 for a pressure washer ? It WAS too good to be true . I ca n't recommend this thing unless you only plan to use it once and throw it away . You That 's what I am doing . Sorry McCullough ... I do n't have time to wait 35 minutes for you to tell me where to take the unit and then wait 10 days or more to get it fixed .
 When I received this item I could tell the box had been previously opened . This was confirmed by the condition of the internal packing materials . Not a big deal as long as it worked properly , but it did not . It seemed to work OK at first , but after a few minutes water came out of the case from some kind of internal leak . Amazon made it easy to return , but indicated they could not replace it until July , 2008 -LRB- about two months -RRB- . Too late for my projects . The same item was available from another vendor selling through Amazon , but once burned , twice cautious . I will try something else .
 THe item did n't work and several attempts to the manufacturer , seller , and Amazon -LRB- including an email to Jeff Bezos -RRB- went without any help . Needless to say I 'm no longer an Amazon Customer nor will I ever be again .
 First used it today bought it on July 8th lasted for 20 minutes before it self destucted , need I say more , you get what you pay for . .
 Bought this one 2 years ago . Not enough pressure to clean my car . Now , the spray gun is cracked and water spraying all over the place . I will buy a universal spray gun and hopefuly the motor does n't die soon .
 I bought this original Pawley 's island hammock . Did n't find out untill I opened the box that it was made in China . Now that may not matter to some . but I expected an original Pawley 's island hammock to be made in the USA . It looks like it was made by children .
 This basket is large and made of good materials . However , the openings in the wire mesh are simply too large for most vegetable pieces . What is worse is that all the way around the basket , where the side meets the bottom , are very large openings that allow thick potato or pepper slices to fall out when you flip the basket over . Plan on cutting very large pieces if you want to grill vegetables with this basket -LRB- maybe 4 pieces from an average Bell pepper for example -RRB- .
 While the basket is well made , it was too big to fit in our small gas grill -LRB- with the cover closed -RRB- , so it was useless .
 The description says it 's non-stick . Well I must be doing something wrong then because it was stained the first time I used it . It is too big to soak in my sink and there 's no way you can scrub in all the little grooves . Also the little ring that is supposed to keep the lid on is total garbage . It slips off constantly so flipping is out of the question unless you are extremely careful and pay attention to that ring . Furthermore the handle is very long and I have found no way to close my grill 's lid using this thing , mind you , I have a four burner gas grill . For me , this is totally not worth the 16 some dollars I paid for it .
 I purchased 6 of these ceramic flame tamers for another grill application . Unfortunately 3 have broken after 2 hours use because they are so brittle . I 'm sure they work perfectly for their designed application .
 I bought this thinking it would replace my current skewers . When I opened up the gigantic package , all i seen was a gigantic basket . I was disappointed it did n't come with an actual skewer . The openings in the basket are about as thick as the openings in your grill grates so i do n't know why you would n't just cook it on the grill grates ? Maybe i am missing the boat with something but I do not see the point of having this gigantic basket . I am glad i only ordered 1 of them .
 Product description of this weather station is incorrect and I have to pay to return it . The Bar888 clearly describes it as measuring humidity -LRB- `` This versatile gadget mounts on a wall or stands alone on a tabletop . Its display features easy-to-read , digital numbers , and indicates humidity , temperature , barometric pressure , time of day , date , plus daily minimum and maximum temperatures '' -RRB- , and it does not . Unhappy with product and return procedure when you are in error.Kim
 In the beginning , it worked well . Then the remote sensor started leaking and died . I bought a replacement . A month later the auto time-set stopped working . A couple weeks later the unit no longer received signal from the remote unit , even if it was 3 inches away ! Neither fresh batteries nor a reset of the unit solved the problems . A different unit still receives signals from the remote.You can surely find a better model .
 The Idea of the product is good . However the product has no lighting at all on it . This has been troublesome considering you set your alarm at night -LRB- when it is dark -RRB- and you usually wake up when it is dark . Because there is no backlight you ca n't see the time or temp .
 The product as pictured shows an excellent contrast between the blue background and the black numbers . What is missing from the picture is a hand pressing down on the top of the unit to enable the blue backlight . Otherwise it is black on gray and , depending on the amount of light in the room , very difficult to read the numbers . It seems like this is Engineering 101 . Be able to see the time without being next to it and pressing a button .
 I like the design , display and functions of this clock compared to others , but it is poorly made . The buttons on the front that you will probably use every day to snooze , light the display and turn the alarm on and off are difficult to press . It sometimes takes several pushes to change the display . The alarm itself is a bit jarring and does not start quietly and ascend in volume , it starts loud and just beeps faster the longer you leave it on . I would have rated this one star but it is slightly better than my previous clock . I am still looking for a good quality atomic clock with an ascending alarm .
 The leaves are very flimsy metal/tin . The squirrels jump up and grab the seed container , then slide down the stalk and bend the leaves . I would return them if I could , but thought it would be a hassle ... never will buy again ...
 I got ta admit , I was drawn into the concept that it serves 2 purposes although the first being that of an attractive lawn ornament works just fine . The other as a bird feeder is not that good . If the entire front face would open that would be one thing , but the tiny slot on top -LRB- which wo n't stay on too well -RRB- is where the food goes.It is of very strong durable construction which is great . No problem with that .
 I really like the looks of this sun flower bird feeder . It does work but is not practical.Pros : - well constructed and metal is sturdy when pressed into the ground - no assembly requiredCons : - bird seed spills everywhere when trying to fill it . I have to wrap a towel around it to keep all the seed from spilling out throw the mesh container as I am filling it . - have to refill it too frequently be/c squirrels knock it to get it to spill all the seeds .
 This has a 1/2 inch inlet which was conveniently left out of the description on this no return close-out . So many dummies and so little time .
 In the manual there was mention that the Hose Reel could possibly leak for a while . It has been over 5 months and it is still leaking . Very disappointed , I had to fix it myself .
 We installed this hose reel about 3 months ago and have only used it twice because water sprays out of a connection point . It is not something that can be disassembled and put back together . Can this be returned ??
 The hose connection is OUTSIDE the hose reel . Your hose will kink when stored on this reel . I bought additional fittings at the hardware store to pipe the fitting to a better spot , but I should n't have to spend extra time and money making it work . I would not recommend this product .
 The hose reel has one very bad fault . The fitting for the hose is outside the reel , so you have to run the hose through the side of the reel and to the fitting . When you roll up the hose , it kinks because of the tight curve , and , puts such a strain on the fitting that leaks are also a problem . I bought 2 right angles , 3 two-inch pieces , and hose fittings and brought the fitting to the inside of the reel and it works fine now . Another problem is when you pull only a short section of hose off the reel , it keeps spinning and unreels the rest of the hose onto the floor.It will do , but certainly is no more than that . Definitely too high priced for what you get , and the modifications you have to make .
 Total junk , and what an inflated price ! I expected something much stronger . This thing is so wobbly , even after bolting into the ground with the skinny little tent stakes -LRB- yeah , THEY 'RE gon na hold it down in garden soil -RRB- , you have to stabilize it manually while you reel up the hose . It only weighs about 10 pounds . Do n't waste your money . Buy a plastic one with a heavy bottom -LRB- some you can fill with sand to keep them down -RRB- . This is eye candy , but not practical and very cheaply made .
 Well made but without the finishing touches . Sharp edges , rough turning mechanism . Lighter that you would expect - allowing it to scoot around as you pull out the hose as well as necessitating a foot on the base to hold it while you wind.Bolting it to a wall or floor would obviate the moving problem but not the sincerely rough cut edges of Entire unit.Pros
 These signs seem to be made by 5th graders . . All they are is stincile cut vinyl over poor quality lexan plastic . . All signs ordered from this company became brittle and broke in cold weather . . I would avoid purchasing these signs from this company and to make sure you are getting either a metal sign or better quality lexan plastic . .
 This filter was here when I purchased my home 10 yrs . ago . The valve spring is metal . It rusts and eventually breaks causing you to have to buy the entire valve . I used to be able to take my old valve in and the pool store would knock out a pin and just replace the spring . I would also have to replace the gasket which is expected . Now I have to buy the entire valve assembly every couple years at a cost of over $ 100 ! No reason they need to make the part this way . Also one of the holes for screwing the fitting on stripped .
 Amazon will ship you this product incomplete and then try to get you to buy the valve package at additional cost . Total false advertising . My recommendation is to not buy this , or anything else , from amazon.com
 After installing this product we found that the valve was assembled incorrectly . So while you are trying to vacuum the pool the waste goes right back into the water which creates a very big mess . So I thought I was saving money by purchasing this product at a discount when in the long run it will cost me more to get the water correct .
 I ordered two , one died , the other does n't look good . I was very disappointed in the health of the plants .
 I bought this cable to de-ice my gutter . It barely clears a 1/16 '' channel for runoff . Do n't waste your money . Get the good stuff . Raychem Guardian is the best of the pre-made cables but is much more costly .
 I have a KASCO aerator that has been sitting in the backyard pond for 3 years . It died while operating under normal conditions , apparently due to a bad seal . The company gave me NO RELIEF whatsoever and finally quit returning calls . I 'm not about to pay $ 1200 to replace a supposedly heavy-duty motor that should have lasted 5 or 10 years . Very disappointing .
 This is marketed as the `` Titanium Series '' . You may not be able to read the words in the picture but they are marked on the nozzle . I assume it is an attempt to imply quality . I know it is not really titanium because titanium is expensive and used in industrial applications because of its resistance to corrosion . The Melnor nozzles are made from cheap , Chinese junk metal.I have two of these nozzles -LRB- purchased in a twin pack -RRB- and one corroded so badly I ca n't get it off of the hose it is attached to . Now I have to throw the hose away . The other one started to corrode but I had not used it as long so I was able to remove it in time . I have lived in my home for 27 years . I do not have corrosvie water . I have never had this problem with any other nozzle.The nozzle is supposed to have a lifetime warranty but when I contacted Melnor via email they did not respond . Do not purchase any Melnor products . This one does not even rate one star .
 In comparison with other nozzles available , it looked like it was better made , but after reading the 1 star review here , I 'm not sure that it will hold up . I am replacing a brass nozzle that I have had for 30 years . I 'm getting a little older and the trigger nozzle looked easier to manipulate than the twist on-off brass nozzles . No where in the specifications does it say it is Made in China . I 'm including that information in my review for those who think that information is important .
 This hose nozzle is marketed as a quality item , yet I would disagree . The handle began sticking in the `` on '' position less than a year after purchase . No amount of lubrication or adjustment would solve this malfunction , so it was eventually tossed into the trash bin . Buy another hose nozzle - do n't waste your time or money on this one .
 I have had this hose end pistol grip spray attachment for about 18 months.This morning the thing fell apart -LRB- the black end & gold colored part separated from the grey/silver body . -RRB- I 'm glad I was there to turn the hose off - could have been quite a flood!It looks like just a press fit . Ca n't push it back together & expect it to stay.Junk
 I was told by a friend that this product would help with an aphid problem I was having with my houseplants - I doused my houseplants in this stuff & followed the directions very specifically , and it made absolutely no difference .
 Piece of garbage . The glass thermometer slides along the temperature scale so you have no idea what the real temperature is . Tap the thermometer on one end or the other and the reading can change by up to 14 degrees ! Do n't waste your money .
 I owned this timer for 1 week and it burned out , would not accept new batteries regardless of if they were defrosted or frozen , energizer , generic , duracell.I replaced the unit at my local Menards -LRB- the only unit they carry -RRB- and it also burned out after about 12 uses -LRB- I watered 2 times a day , 15 minutes each time . -RRB- Again I received a replacement unit from Menards and again it burned out after about 10 uses.This time I got a full refund and I 'll never purchase a Nelson product again , I recommend you do not buy it either !
 Easy to use , thoughful design . Too bad that the valve broke on mine after 7 weeks . It broke in the ON position , so I came home to a mess !
 I bought two timers last summer - they both worked fairly well . I got them both out again this spring and neither works . One simply does not turn on . The other turns on but water started literally shooting out the sides .
 The unit will hammer the water system . Unfortuately I will be replacing my water line because of the impact of the hammering . I had been gone for a week and returned to find my older galvanized pipes could not take the impact and failed . -LSB- Upside , the damage was not in the house . -RSB-
 I have purchased at least three -LRB- 3 -RRB- Nelson Water timers of various models . This particular model is the last one I purchased , or will ever purchase . The unit works great for the first two seasons , but it will not last the third . In the northeast , you only need a water timer 3 to 4 months out of the year . So in actuality this unit will last you approximately 8 months before it dies.I purchased this unit the early part of 2006 . It worked great that summer and in 2007 . However , yesterday it started making a strange noise . I disconnected it , and was able to feel and hear the water that had accumulated inside . Apparently something inside had let the passing water into the electronics part of the unit . It was dead.Nelson no longer produces quality products . . If you want a water timer that will last , take my advice , leave `` Nelson '' alone .
 I have three motion detecting sprinklers , two made by Contech -LRB- ScareCrow -RRB- and one by Havahart . Both of them are excellent for repelling deer -LRB- two years of experience with high deer pressure -RRB- but the Contech ScareCrow is more dependable . Although the Scarecrow sprinkler is more expensive , it is worth the price . The Havahart does not come with a guarantee other than a 30 day return policy whereas the Contech ScareCrow sprinkler has a two year warranty and they stand behind it . I had one fail after 22 months of use and they replaced it promptly . Also the motion detecting range , sensitivity , and adjustment is more stable and dependable in the Contech ScareCrow . The only time I 've not had the ScareCrow work was during a period of very high humidity during some rainy weather when it failed to go off during a period of less than a day . On the other hand the Havahart motion sprinker is much more erratic in its performance and sometimes fails to work for brief periods .
 It was great at beginning . After one month the whole thing out of work . I thought may be the battery was out . When I opened the unit it looked horrible . The battery connecter was rusted and broken because the connecter is in the water all the time .
 There was a lot of water seeping out from where I attached the hose . I applied some teflon tape and it seems to have worked . I do not believe a product thats costs as much as this should need anything more in order to get it to work correctly .
 The motion activated spraying worked fine . However the connection of a watering hose to the unit leaked constantly . I tried 2 differnet hoses , then added a hose washer into the threaded portion of the unit , then tried using teflon plumbing tape on the end or the watering hose threads . None of those worked . The unit leaked noticeably at the hose connection and was a constant waste of water .
 This product works less than half the time . We installed it about a month ago . Now the geese walk real slow so that the motion beams are not tripped and they walk right up to the back patio to eat my grass and leave me little `` presents '' all in my yard . This morning , one goose was actually drinking the water sprayed from the Havahart 5265 Spray Away Motion Activated Water Repellent . They have gotten used to the spray and some even wait out the 8 second delay or get behind the chairs on my porch to wait out the 2 second spray then continue to eat and **** in my yard . They even circumvent the whole system . -LRB- We installed 2 -RRB- We have even moved the system around to fool them which has not worked either . Thanks but no thanks . I would not recommend this as now I have more than 40 geese take up residence since it was installed .
 The product came in assembled wrong . It sprayed all the time . I had to disassemble it and change the valve spring assemble position on the electric valve piston .
 I have bought several Havahart sprinklers and after a few months they stop working . I 've done everything In the owner 's manual , but they just wo n't work . I contacted the company , but they could care less and they not only wo n't tell you how to repair them , but they do n't sell repair parts . I guess it 's just as well because they ignored me when I asked them what the problem could be . They just wanted to sell me more . I had already spent hundreds of dollars with Havahart so I checked out their competition , Scarecrow . Finally I got a product that works without consistently breaking down . I now have several Scarecrows and they all work just fine . I also have several Havahart 's dead in my garage . My opinion is , `` HAVAHART DOES N'T HAVE-A-HEART .
 Needs a new battery every two weeks . In two weeks , the sprinkler works about 12 times . Does not detect cats , but always detects me .
 I had high hopes for this product , based on the reviews , but either mine is defective , or it does n't work as I hoped . First I tried to run it off my pond pump , but there 's not enough pressure there . So , I ran a hose across the yard to test it . It has enough pressure now , but the sensor does n't work correctly . It seems to go off at random times for no reason , but wo n't activate if I walk in front of it , or wave a stick . It seems as if it goes into a sleep mode after about 10 mins and wo n't go off unless you hit it with something . I 've tried all settings and tried resetting it , but no success .
 Not at all worth the money . I would not recommend this product at all . Two units were ordered , and only one sort of worked for a little while . Not impressed with this product and the very high cost for what it is is outrageous .
 I thought The Havahart 5265 Spray Away would be the answer to keeping the rabbits off my lawn . Not so . I have adjusted it ; moved it to several different locations ; changed the sensitivities and No Luck with keeping those rabbits away.I purchased two of these . One for each side of the house.I believe the problem is that the rabbits are too small and close to the ground so they do n't trigger the motion detector . This product will probably work on larger animals that do n't go `` Under the Radar `` If you are purchasing this product specificallyHavahart 5265 Spray Away Motion-Activated Water Repellentfor rabbits , it wo n't work .
 I have a major infestation of raccoons in my backyard and purchased this in the hopes of discouraging them . It was not to be . Apparently , they like a nice cold shower as the digging in my lawn was deepest near the Spray Away . I am sure the product works as advertised , it just does n't help against raccoons .
 It worked once , when we first hooked it up . Then , once we positioned it , it has n't functioned since .
 Now when I think of a scarecrow , I have the image of a hooded man in blue jeans with a dirty shirt with old underpants tied to his head . Not this stupid thing . It 's a piece of metal arm that does n't look like it could frighten a tin man . So right out of the box I was n't too impressed.I also put Coyote urine in the liquid container instead of water since water does n't scare thirsty animals away . It 's supposed to `` spray off '' anything nearby but it only hit me when I went to check it . I stunk like Coyote urine for about 2 months since Coyote urine does n't come off unless you douse yourself in cans of tomato juice.After a few months of use , I found my garden pillaged by rodents , beetles , prarie hogs , birds , buzzards , rabbits , mice , lizards and pestilent frogs . Take my advice , build yourself a chicken farm instead .
 I purchased this unit to scare the deer . It worked for about 2 weeks , then worked only a little for another 3 days , then Stopped entirely.A lot of money for 2 weeks worth of ??????
 I 've used both - the Havahart sprinkler and the Contech ScareCrow . This version is a clunky , less reliable version of the ScareCrow .
 We 've bought 10 of these over 5 years and have 2 that are still working.When they stop working I take them apart and have found that half the time the solenoids fail , half the time the sensor/board fails . Yes , I have swapped parts , but the failure rate is so high that on average you get 2 seasons tops .
 I purchased this to deter cats , so far I have gotten the mailman and UPS driver , it will not sense a small animal , you can not lower it less than the stake or angle it down or it will not work at all.If you want to get people or cows then this is for you .
 I tried this to keep the coons from destroying the bird feeders while I slept . I had no such luck , and managed to get myself wet more often than the coons . They are persistent little bastards for sure . I moved it all around and tried just about everything , but in the end it just did n't help . Amazon sells a driveway alarm sensor that chimes when the eye notices movement for under $ 15 . Its really loud and I can hear it all around the house . I placed the sensor on the fence and when the coons came over the fence to get the bird feeders , it chimed and woke me up . I combined that with the -LRB- Amazon $ 50 -RRB- Crossman 1077 CO2 air rifle and that seems to have solved my problem . I open up the bedroom window just enough to stick the barrel out and I get them every time . I was getting woken up every other night for the first week , but now its been months since I heard it chime . I thought the batteries were dead , so I tested it and its still going strong . So while wasting water may seem like a good solution , the only thing that has worked for me is a high powered pellet gun . Pellets are n't going to kill a raccoon , but it will sting and they will think twice about entering your yard .
 Installed this water meter for my pond . Works ok -LRB- no way to check calibration -RRB- , but when the dial reads about 7 gal , the digital number hits is on the center of the number , which makes it confusing to read the total . It should have been set at the factory to hit the center of the readout number when the dial hits zero . Example
 Got this clock for my living room about 10 days ago . I already own 3 or 4 different atomic clocks , most of them La Crosse Technology WS-8117U-IT-AL and model with weather forecast.I live in Queens , New York . No problems with any of my existing La Crosse clocks , but I ca n't get this one work . It just ca n't pickup the radio signal at any place in my house -LRB- the other clocks are deep inside and recently switched to daylight savings time without any problem - all of them -RRB- . I was thingking that is problem with particular device so I had it RMA 'd and got replacement yesterday . Unfortunately , the same problem - ca n't pickup the time . I left it for more than 24 hours but it is still not adjusted . Probably the receiver is not as sensitive as it is in La Crosse . I will return it and will order La Crosse instead.And , I almost forgot ... The temperature is only in Farenheit , there is no way to display it in Celsius . C'mon , we are in 21 century and it 's time to start using metric system as it is in most countries , or at least to have a choice as it is in products from other vendors . Besides of the issues above , the quality is good , digits are big and easy readable . Month , date and weekday test is not too large , fut still fine -LRB- but it is smaller than on La Crosse -RRB- . Finally , if you are in NY or simply want better wall product , look at La Crosse : - -RRB-
 AceHardware Online sent me a 48 qt cooler with no drain that only holds 56 cans . It says 56 cans on the sticker on the cooler . The only similar thing about it is the color !
 We bought this thermometer and a matching clock to affix outside by our pool . It was a bit larger than I anticipated , but that was ok -- We wanted to be able to read it from inside the house as well as in the backyard . The thermometer worked great IN the box when it was in the house . But , as soon as we hung it up outside , a piece broke off the back and the thermometer completely stopped working . It was a big disappointment .
 This Tuffy shovel I bought , thinking it would do the job has been a dissapointment . I thought this shouvel would be great help with snow , as well , as other home projects unfortunately it turned out to be a flop for me . My reasons are as followes : # 1 The tuffy shouvel is way to small of a scoop for snow , The plastic shovels from the home store are much larger , as much as 35 % . your get a better scoop , meaning more material is being moved much faster . meaning Done with job much quicker . # 2 The lenth of the handle is way too short -LRB- mind you I 'm only 5 ' 7 '' . -RRB- It fitgue you because your have to bend over much further . the handle need about 6 inches more added to it . A taller person would not be happy at all.I do believe they have a great idea . . it just need to be perfected .
 I bought this for scooping silage out of silage bags , because plastic slides better on the bags and the other plastic shovels I 've used broke too easy . There are two things wrong with this shovel , first is the length it is to short at 42 '' -LRB- most other shovels are 48 '' long -RRB- making it hard on your back . Second is the angle of the head from the handle , it needs to be straighter to make it easier to push with . Like another reviewer said they have a good idea it just needs perfected .
 I have bought 2 of these and they last about 3 months , good shock while they last , then your horses are outand about , light indicates its working even when its not
 This fountain is beautiful - HOWEVER , the pump is very loud . So loud it competes with the water !! Save you money and time . Do not buy this fountain . The company should make a quieter pump .
 If a wet floor is your goal , by all means buy this . Not only do you get to pay a chunk of $ , unpack , assemble , clean up , then do it all in reverse to send it back , but you get to waste lots of time.Doesn ' t matter how you arrange the river rocks or how long you let it run -- it gives you a delightful water spray that will add an exciting slippery surface to your interior floors .
 After assembling the fountain , struggling with screws that did n't quite line up , filled it and turned it on.Within two days the middle slate piece began to crack and crumble at one corner eventually breaking off.Contacted the distributor who told us to file a claim with Amazon
 The lights burned out . Ca n't replace them . Junk fountain now do not buy . You 'll regret it ... .
 It looks great and is very substantial . We had not issue with the sound of the pump . It was pretty silent actually . Where thisproduct fails miserably is that is does not contain the water . It makes an absolute wet mess around the fountain .
 Product was hard to assemble . Directions were not clear . Pump was louder than water sound . It leaked from the base on the first day . I returned the product . Thanks to Amazon for the execellent return policy .
 Had to return since parts were missing . It was not a new product . Received in refurbished box , dirty stones , parts missing . Very disappointed . And it is old metal .
 When I ordered these flags , I provided our FedEx , and UPS address , not knowing that the shipper used USPS as it was not indicated anywhere . When the flags did n't arrive , no explanation was given , no effort was made to resolve it . I 've e-mailed three times asking for my flags or my money back , and no effort has been made . This is the worst customer service I have ever received while shopping on the web . It gives me pause about using Amazon in the future .
 I 've had the opportunity to buy a few fountains on here , either for myself or as gifts . This one was for myself . It is absolutely WORTHLESS . It splashes all over the place , even on the lowest motor setting . It is noisy . It 's impossible to get the water to flow where you want it to . The splash guard is pointless . it takes over an hour to put together , just to have to take it apart when you realize how cheap and horrible it is ! All around , this is a TERRIBLE fountain . DO NOT BUY IT !!
 Very leaky and unpredictable . Not very well made for the price . Also stopped pumping water with in 2 days of initial setup
 The fountain was fairly easy to assemble I even took the time to use Teflon tape on the threaded parts that were used for the delivery of water as some of the reviews I read talked about leaks . The fountain also looks good it had a light which really never worked it would flicker . The sound of the pump was louder then the water so this was bad and there is a real fine line between how loud the pump can be before it is louder then the water . We also had a fairly good leak from the bottom so now where do place a leaky noisy fountain . So we heard more pump sound than water so we requested a replacement so began the task of taking this apart and repackaging it for return . I looked closer at how the fountain was built as I took the fountain apart for return . The cords for the pump exit the water reservoir thru the bottom and there is a flimsy rubber gasket the was supposed to keep the water in . In my opinion this fountain is destined to leak it is just a matter as to how long it will take to leak not if it will leak . So I canceled the replacement fountain just to the poor build of this fountain . I tried to figure out how to get the sound of water without the mess or trouble . What I tried was a Sound Therapy Machine I purchased here on Amazon item # B002SMJQT4 and in my opinion this is the answer . No mess easy setup and the sound of water with no pump . Also no maintenance , so it may not look quite a cool as a fountain but it works and has way more features . We get more water sound from the Sound Therapy Machine than the fountain and in different forms , Rain , Brook , Ocean , plus a Meditation setting and other cool sounds . So for us this was the solution easy piezy lemon squeezy !
 Not happy with this purchase . Water barely trickles down , but motor is too loud and that 's all you hear . Appears cheap . I returned it .
 This will work for a while and the price is low . Good temporary item.If you have any plans of using it frequently or for more than a year get an all brass one . The plastic valve handle parts will break . Mine all have .
 Customer Service is HORRID ! Been two weeks and ca n't get them to replace the propane hoses which are too short to reach the tank . Looks nice , but ... No rotisserie even made to fit this grill . Be prepared to wait on hold forever if you need to call them ! Good quality Stainless Steel is NOT magnetic .
 I bought a $ 400 Great Outdoors from Lowes . I 've had it 3 years and it 's rusted so bad , I can no longer use 3 of the 4 burners . The holes in it are so big , squirrels have taken up habitat in there -LRB- no kidding . -RRB-
 Call Joplin ? You get the name of every person on the System except customer service . Why customer service ? First GOG fell victim to one of the notorious Florida hurricanes
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I ordered this and was never even givin comfirmation on the website that I even ordered it . yet my debit account had the money taken out dont buy if you value your money .
 For the minute the washer works , it 's great . Then it overloads my electric circuit and dies . I run downstairs , reset the circuit a few times , and then decide it must be returned . I 'm looking into a gas powered unit now .
 I have owned this Sistema pressure washer since Christmas 2004 and have used it 4 times . It broke down two out the four times used . I had to send it back to the factory for repairs and received it back to find it would run 15 seconds and stop for 30 seconds and then run 15 seconds again over and over again . Needless to say I gave up on this unit and purchased a Karcher 1650 psi pressure washer and had NO PROBLEMS at all . The Sistema ProWash is cheaply made and falls apart easily . It says it 's rated at 1750 psi , but the Karcher 1650 psi unit performed much better .
 I bought this to replace a similar priced Karcher pressure washer -LRB- which broke after a 2 hour deck cleaning -RRB- . Out of the box , the pressure regulator lever will not stay on the unit and falls off . Installing the unit involved only 2-3 steps but the pieces did not come together easily . The Karcher pressure washer had more power at this price range even though the Sistema had a higher PSI rating . Washing cars will be fine with this but forget driveways , fences , siding , or other medium duty jobs . I am beginning to think that pressure washers in this price range -LRB- below $ 200 -RRB- are not worth the investment due to the poor reviews most of these products get .
 I was truly excited to receive this product . I opened , assembled and followed the instructions . Flipped the power switch and nothing , re-read the manual changed the power outlet and ... still nothing ! So my rating on this product is JUNK !
 This unit is very easy to use after a quick look at the manual . Did great on windows & pretty good on the deck . We were disappointed in the way it washed our car , still needed scrubbing by hand . My preconception was that we would n't have to wash the car by hand anymore . The product claims it 's great for washing vinyl siding . They must be joking . You can only use a certain nozzle for cleaning with detergent & with it you only get about a 4 ft. stream of solution ... how are you supposed get over your head or up to the second story ? I had higher expectations all the way around .
 Electric motor with auto shut-off is nice but quality of this unit is poor . On first day of use , one wheel fell off , pressure regulator lever fell off and hose reel fell off with no abuse on my part . Full bottle of cleaning solution was consumed in about one minute with dial on top of bottle set to mid-point . Could n't plug the cord into my outdoor box-style outlet because GFI on end of unit 's cord is too big . Pistol , wand extension and nozzles are all plastic .
 I was excited to receive this product after read many good reviews . I used it once on my small deck and stored it in the garage . I took it out 3 months later , and the main circuit breaker tripped everytime . Tried the reset button . The manual was no help . Called the manufacture but could n't get through . I was lucky that Amazon would take it back for a full refund . I give it 2-star because of the parts which seemed sturdier than others in its price range . I might received a defective one .
 I purchased this electric power washer with the hope of being able to clean decking and house siding . While it is reliable and simple to operate , it simply does not have sufficient power for those tasks . We have used it over the last year for cleaning the boat , washing cars , washing blacktop , and cleaning lawn furniture , it does not have the power needed for cleaning siding or decks , although at its most powerful setting it will strip some paint from some surfaces if you are not careful . I suspect that it would be perfect for anyone wanting a simple , but noisy , sprayer for cleaning patio stones and the like , but a garden hose adapter would likely do as well and at a significantly lower price .
 Bought this unit in 2004 . It 's now April 2009 and I 've given up on it for good . Too many times trying to get this thing to start . Ultimately , just not a well engineered product . I 've gotten five years of use out of it -- but just too exasperating getting it to start all the time .
 We bought this unit for its small size and large performance . It cleans very well , has great on board wand/tool storage and rolls around quite well on lawns and gravel . The controls are laid out well and easy to understand . When we tried to wash our house with it after 35 minutes it stopped dead and was deamed `` unrepairable '' by the service center . The second -LRB- same -RRB- unit finished the other side of the house , however it would not work the next day for the car , prompting us to get a full refund .
 IF YOU ARE ONLY CONCERNED WITH PRICE THIS IS THE POWER WASHER FOR YOU . IF YOU WANT PROFORMANCE RUN DO N'T WALK THE OTHER WAY . THIS POWER WASHER LEAKS WATER AND HAS VERY LITTLE WATER PRESSURE ABOUT AS MUCH AS A STRONG WATER HOSE . IT IS HARD TO ROLL AND THE ATTACHMENTS ARE JUST OKAY
 It sounded great , cost allot & did not work . I threw it away & vowed never to buy an appliance online again .
 Got a returned unit - which I understand but I do n't find the flaws return-worthy . It looks good . The case is plastic and I think aluminum . A fair amount of glue that should keep moisture out . But the movement is exposed -LRB- as noted in other reviews -RRB- and the overall quality is kind of cheap . OK . Not bad , not great . OK.Also not awed at the hanging attachment . Singular . I live in a fairly windy location , and this thing needs to be secured in 2 places just to keep it straight - let alone from flying off the wall . Still trying to figure the fix out.The most positive part of this clock is I can see it from a good distance , and at all angles , so the size is right and clear markings make up for the above mentions.Update 8/31/12For last 2 months the clock has randomly lost time . Change battery makes no difference . I 'll reset it , and a few days later it will be 20 or 30 or whatever minutes behind . Still ticking away -LRB- it does make a ticking noise -RRB- and I ca n't watch it 24 hrs/day to catch it misbehaving . Reducing the review to a star . I mean , what is the point of a clock that you ca n't trust the time on ?
 I purchased this attracted by the `` impact protection '' thinking in paintball game , so this gloves are great keeping your fingers dry , not good for detail task , the fabric -LRB- camo part -RRB- will be destroyed by the original velcro of the glove if ever in contact -LRB- first use I sadly discover this -RRB- , and the protection is like 4mm high so they would not help much to ease direct impact of a paintball -LRB- talking about real impact -RRB- . It has good looks , thats it , too high price for little impact protection & looks together , about sizing , I followed the instructions of their page to choose and get the `` long fingers '' problem . Go for Sup Grip is the Real deal for impact protectionSup Grip Armor Paintball Gloves -LRB- Regular - Black -RRB- Large - paintball gloves
 I purchased these gloves in January of this year ... I did n't really get a chance to use them much but when , in March I finally got a chance to put them on and use them the stitching on the wrist disintegrated . Presently the elastic band at the bottom is just dangling and although usable ... the gloves should not have come apart after one use . Because I have gone past the refund limit from Amazon I am not stuck with these gloves ... this should be a warning to others ... . try out your merchandise as soon as you get it ... . put some wear on it ... then you might stand a chance of getting a new item when you find it is faulty . My fault this time ... The gloves do look and fit pretty well though ...
 I received these gloves last week and tried them out for the first time yesterday . I am just a DIY'er that works on his own cars . I rotated the tires on my two vehicles and by the end the gloves were worn almost all the way through on several fingers and a place on the palms . I am confused as to why these gloves are for automotive use when they do n't hold up to a few hours of wear .
 I bought these gloves because the one i had from the states were well build , but the ones i bought were poorly designed . the palms rubbed off and fell apart with the first use . poor material .
 I had great usage of Mechanix gloves before , so I was looking forward to this new type ; unfortunately , in less than 2 weeks of very light usage -LRB- carrying items and such -RRB- the plastic overlay is already coming off . I would not recommend this item to anyone who wants to use this gloves seriously .
 I bought these for some home/gardening work and they ripped after 2 weeks . I specifically chose these gloves because they seemed to be sturdier than the 12 dollar ones . Save your money and find a different pair .
 I do not it is too harsh to give this product 1 star for the following reasons .1 -RRB- This thing that we spent big bucks on died within just a few months .2 -RRB- We need to hassle with packing the item and paying for shipment to get it repaired even though it is still under warranty .3 -RRB- If you do not want to have less hassle of packing the product to ship it for warranty repair , you are supposed to keep the original box as I was reminded by a customer service rep. Then , I asked myself . Should I rent storage to keep boxes of all products I buy because I expect to send them in for warranty repair at my own cost or I choose to only buy the products from manufacturers that truly honor their warranty and replace the defective products without having me go though extra hassle and expense ? Obviously , I will not be a repeat customer for any Watertech products .
 Cleans pool great , but serous reliability issues . Purchased beginning of season 2007 , shaft on drive motor broke in 2008 . Replacement motor cost $ 285 . Motor replaced beginning of season 2009 . Now in 2011 drive motor quit turning . Discussed with customer support . The problem is most likely a bad motor . A new motor currently costs $ 360 . That 's $ 645 in maintenance for 4 years use . I suggest looking for another brand of pool cleaner .
 warning do not buy unless you want to replace this every 2 years with less than 6 months of use.The pump motor is made in china
 We bought our Water Tech Blue Pearl RBUS3BP last summer and only used it a few times . When we got it out to use this summer it runs a short time and then stops . When turned off , wait , and turn back on it starts again , but will only run for a few seconds . We are definitely not happy with it and have reverted to using our old AquaBot which is no longer perfect , but runs better than the Blue Pearl .
 this thing is the biggest piece of crap , ever ! do not waste your money on this like i did . totally stopped working and customer support sucks . do n't even think about it
 The robot is a hassle to open up and clean out the bag . When it works , it does a good job keeping the pool clean . Mine worked for two 3 month long seasons , or about 6 months of actual use where I used it twice a week . The motor died and it is a $ 500 part in a $ 650 robot . A lot of crooks are out there but you can find it for $ 650 . How do you rate a product that works great when it works , less the hassle of doing the bag each cycle , less the fact it is made like a throw away item - in my mind I pay $ 600 , it better work for more than two short seasons . I called the company and asked if they would give a return customer a price break . They rambled on and on at me like I was stupid enough to buy their `` we have $ 1300 dollar units and this unit is $ 700 and thats what we do '' . What was going on inside my mind was , `` I do n't care what you say - I have cash - and if you want to sell one , do BETTER on the price because the warranty stinks and so does the expected life span '' . I thought I would buy it again only because I do have a working power supply and new drive belts and maintenance parts I got for it , -LRB- should I have to buy maintenance parts after two seasons ? -RRB- so I thought it might be possible for me to maintain it longer with a parts supply . I am going to buy the Doheny 's wall climber for $ 600.00 and get a 2 year warranty for this unit , since not only does the Water Tech product not hold up , but their customer support does not hold up , either . Their attitude on the phone was in my opinion , poor - they just expect you to buy one every single year it seems ... In my estimation , if you really have the money to spend on a new one every year , then it is a machine you would be happy with because it works - except that it is a hassle to clean as stated earlier .
 The only thing this product helped me do is realize that a rack like this is a great idea for my garage . Unfortunately , as soon as I put the 3rd bike in it the thing became totally unstable and threatened to tip over . So I have to buy another -LRB- well built -RRB- rack , and trash this thing . I ca n't even bring myself to sell it on eBay , because I know the person who I sell it to will be as disappointed as I was . AVOID THIS PRODUCT -- DO NOT BUY -- GET SOMETHING ELSE .
 Used this umbrella cover twice before it ripped down the seam . Do n't waste your 10 bucks .
 Used this umbrella cover twice before it ripped down the seam . Do n't waste your 10 bucks .
 Disgusted !!! The flags I ordered were NOT sent . Instead I was sent flag designs that I already owned . GIVE THE PEOPLE WHAT THEY WANT .
 I ordered a picnic basket as a gift from my step-dad to my mom a week ago . I paid extra for expedited shipping so that it would be here by now . So far , it 's been a week and nothing ... has n't shipped or been billed to my account . I 've sent several emails to tell them to cancel the order because it 's too late to get it to my mom since there is no way it can be here in time to deliver . I ordered a different picnic basket from a different store yesterday and it will be here tomorrow ... just like they promised ! I 'm very disappointed that they wo n't return emails and I ca n't reach them on a Friday after 2 pm Eastern time . Hope they will at least let me know that the order has been canceled .
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 Not only did I spend a month trying to find a place to service this mower but was just told it is TOAST after only 2 years . I have a very small yard so that is the main reason for getting an electric mower and I decided cordless would also be worth the investment ... B&D was worthless in trying to provide service answers by telling me to drive 3-4 hours to service centers . I live in Springfield , MO which should offer somewhere to service it . Finally found a small appliance shop that was willing to help me out . The switch was blown and one of the batteries dead and you must replace both not just one -LRB- $ 240 -RRB- . I maintained this mower by the book and did enjoy the easy use of it - just extremely disappointed in quality and lack of how to service it . It would cost more to repair then replace , however I 'm done with Black & Decker !!
 After one year of use , I can only recommend this mower to someone with sparse , thin , grass that rarely needs mowed anyway . I live on a 70 ' x 60 ' property that is mostly taken up by house and concrete driveway , but it takes 4 sessions of mowing to get it mowed . The mower battery is on constant charge , but the mower just ca n't handle thick spring grass growth . I 've even tried it with the bag instead of muching , and that makes the charge last a little longer , but it still leaves grass all over the lawn . I have better things to do . I 'd ask for my money back but I know I would n't get it . My recommendation is spend your $ 400 + on another mower , or pay the kid down the street to mow .
 Warning
 Came without safety key . Would not start or run once B&D sent the key . Buy in a store , if you must , so you can return it .
 If you are thinking of buying a B&D ; electric mower ... do n't . Save your money and look elsewhere . Why ? Read on ... Cons1 -RRB- Mower was broken right out of the box , brand new . The starter latch did not stay `` on '' and the mower would shut off after a few seconds . This is a known recall on ALL B&D ; electric mowers . I had to ship the mower to a repair center and go without it for 4 weeks -LRB- not good in the spring time in Florida -RRB- .2 -RRB- When the mower was returned to me , the latch STILL did not work AND now the blade height adjustment lever was also broken . I am now in the process of attempting to return the mower .3 -RRB- The return time period is 30 days . My mower was in the shop for the first 30 days , so i am currently `` out of the normal return period '' . This is an ongoing discussion with B&D ; as there is no way i am keeping this P.O.S. mower .4 -RRB- Even when the mower did work -LRB- i.e. i taped the latch so it stayed on -RRB- , it cut like a toddler with a pair of scissors . I had to go over the same spots multiple times just to get all the grass in that area5 -RRB- I live in a brand new development in Florida and the sod is a bit bumpy as it was just laid a few months ago . It required a tremendous effort just to get the mower through the yard . I am 6 ' 4 , 200 lbs and in pretty good shape . So , i can only imagine if you have hills , rough terrain , or are not in peak physical conditionPROs1 -RRB- the mower is very quiet2 -RRB- It does n't require gas or `` normal '' maintenance such as spark plugs , spring tune up , etc. . .3 -RRB- Mower seemed to hold its charge fairly well . Though it was only used 3 times and 2 of those times it didnt work.OVERALLLooks cool and sounds like a good idea , but this mower isnt ready for the real world yet . give them another 10 years to work out the kinks
 I bought this mower last year in an effort to show a little environmental consciousness and also to spare the neighbors of at least one of the inevitable drones of summertime mowers . What a mistake . I received the mower in broken condition . It took a month to get a new one . That mower broke within 1 1/2 months . I had to drive two hours to the service center to get it fixed . It came back , mowed a few times , and I stored it for the winter -LRB- according to its instructions -RRB- . Spring rolls around and it is time to mow . Guess what ? The battery will no longer take a charge.As far as mowing prowess , it suffers from many of the things that the other reviewers have noted . However , I could easily have dealt with those problems -- maintenance problems , however , are a show-stopper . I 'm writing Black and Decker and demanding a refund . This is the worst purchase I have made in 31 years . Save yourself the anguish and buy a nice GASOLINE mower until someone makes a reliable electric one .
 I bought my refurbished unit for about half the list price -- a good thing , because I 'm getting rid of it after only 2.5 years . Why ? 1 -RRB- It 's significantly heavier than corded electrics . As a woman who mows her own yard , this makes mowing unpleasant . -LRB- And the limited upper body strength , not to mention the extreme pollution -LRB- air and noise -RRB- , makes gas-powered not an option . -RRB- 2 -RRB- The new battery lasted only 2.5 years . Now I get only 10 minutes of mowing time . I recharged religiously after each mow , and I kept it plugged in all winter . My lot is a small suburban one ; less than 1/3 acre . At $ 100 to replace , this is just too expensive .3 -RRB- The closest place to get the battery replaced -LRB- and to take it for its recall repair last year -RRB- is 1.5 hours away . That 's 6 hours of my life gone -LRB- there and back to drop it off , there and back to pick it up -RRB- . FWIW , mine is an orange model . A friend has a green CM1000 and got 4 years out of his battery . I might have kept mine at that rate.I 'm replacing it with a corded electric ; Sears makes one that looks nearly identical in body design to the CM1000 , suggesting that the same manufacturer makes both B&D and Sears models .
 At first glance , this mower is good , but pricy . You think , `` Hey , I 'll never have to buy gas , and I 'm saving the environment . `` Well , here 's where they get you . The warranty on this puppy is 2 years . Black & Decker freely admit -LRB- go on , call and ask -RRB- that the battery is expected to go bad in 3 to 5 years . The cost of replacing that battery at a Black & Decker service center ? About $ 150 . When you add on a $ 150 maintenance cost every 3 to 5 years , this mower is really not worth what you pay . I regret buying mine , which is now 3 years old , and has a bad battery .
 The mower may be nice . I do n't know . Amazon justships it in the box you would buy it in at aregular store . It 's just a cardboard box with noprotection whatsoever . Mine arrived with the keybent , the wheels out of alignment , and the starterswitch broken . I saved $ ... by buying it throughamazon.My advice
 After reading mostly positive reviews , I bought the Black & Decker Cordless mower about 1 year ago.I 've had one season to put it through it 's paces.I have a fifth of an acre lot , so even less than the manufacturer 's advertised area of grass to cut.I have followed all the instructions , leaving it plugged in when not in use.But nearly every time I use it , it does not get through my yard without pooping out.I 'm very disappointed , since it costs so much.Despite the savings of trips to the gas station and the fumeless , quiet cutting , I would not buy it again.Be warned .
 I bought this mower in fall of 2001 . I have a small -LRB- about 4500 sq ft -RRB- , flat lawn . The mower was recalled due to battery problems in 2003 . I had to mail the mower to a faraway authorized service center . Apparently South Bend IN is n't a big enough city to merit B & D locating a nearby service center . When the mower came back from recall repair it was damaged . B & D replaced it . Now three years later , my battery wo n't hold a charge for more than a few minutes . The cost to replace the battery
 I ordered this mower in May of this year , I used it twice and it stopped working . Not only that but , the two times I used it , it did not cut 1/3 of an acre . I had to charge the battery 1/2 way through each time . It was extremly hard to push , -LRB- on flat ground -RRB- and looked like it barely trimmed the lawn even though it was set on the lowest setting . I am now in the process of returning it . I would not reccommend this mower to my worst enemy .
 Bought a couple of yrs ago - quit running 6 mos after warranty was up . Black & Decker blew me off when I tried to get satisfaction/repair . Have n't bought a Black & Decker product since .
 I 've owned the CMM1000 for a couple of years . I 've followed the battery instructions to the letter . At first I was a huge fan , the mower could make it through the entire yard without the mess of a cord or gasoline . However , by the end of two seasons , the charge only lasted for about 1/2 the yard . Then this season I went to start it and all that came out was a puff of smoke and it 's dead . I 've kept great care of it and for the amount of money I spent on this thing , I 'd expect it to last more than two seasons !
 Listen to the negative reviews . I bought a CMM1000 in early 2002 . I have a very small lot , no hills - should be an ideal candidate . I had to put it out for large-trash pick up this morning.It worked OK for the two years it would hold a charge . But it was just OK , not great.Operation
 I ca n't beileve I got talked into throwing away my money on this product . My lawn is on the large size and I would keep it short ... if my lawn mower worked . I 've taken a week to gradually cut down my lawn from the highest setting then step by step one level down at a time . The kicker . It only runs for half an hour . I 've had to go to work so I 've been charging it for a week now . I just came in from another half hour of mowing , very slowly to avoid pressing this hunk of junk too much . Now I have a quarter of my lawn moved , it 's in the garage charging , again , and I have more of the same to look forward to tomorrow . I 'm so disappointed in this mower . One word , homeowners
 I purchased this mower in December 2002 and it worked well for one season . Now it 's in the shop for a product recall . I 'll probably ditch this one the next time it fails.If you 're looking for something environmently friendly , look into the Luxus 38 . I wrote a review of this `` old fashioned '' model . It never needs gas and the batteries are non existant . Sometimes old fashoined is better.From what I 've seen of the reviews , it seems that those who purchased this model years ago are satisfied . But the newer models are having problems.Read my review of the Luxus 38 and decide for yourself .
 I have had this mower for two years . It has never mowed properly , even after repairs . It dies constantly , wo n't cut even normal grass growth , and definitely ca n't be lowered enough to mulch as it just wo n't cut the grass without dieing . This product is the worst item I have ever owned , and I will be going back to a gasoline powered mower before the summer starts .
 work for 2 weeks , some heat switch just shut it down every 5 minutes , hard to push on soft ground , very quiet , fast charge .
 This is my second electric mower . It out preforms the firstgeneration of mowers in every aspect.It mowes close towhat a gas mower would , except much quieter .
 work for 2 weeks , some heat switch just shut it down every 5 minutes , hard to push on soft ground , very quiet , fast charge .
 I am trying to get a battery for one of these . Wish me luck ! The combined price for both halves may be $ 140.00 . I have a Ryoby bmm2400 battery mower . Boy is it a good model ! Last year It 's battery was $ 72.00 . It is the same battery but the two sections are made together on it . Take the cowling off -LRB- 4 screws -RRB- and remove the clamp and wires and lift the battery out . Put the cowling back on and your ready to go.Now the cmm1000 B&D. ; Remove the cowling , oops the wiring is made into the cowling so you ca n't lift it off until you remove all of the wires . Forty minutes ! Then you have to remove the safety handle cable.On the Ryoby it is an electric wire and switch but on the B&D ; it is a steel throttle type wire that cycles a switch mounted on
 It was well packaged with speedy Amazon delivery , and I looked forward to using it -LRB- while charging overnight before it 's first use , as directed . I do n't know if I got a lemon or if it 's just underpowered , but unfortunately mine keeps stalling , even when not attempting to cut very high grass . Works great when cutting the whispers of grass -LRB- though louder than I would have predicted -RRB- , the freedom from smoke and gas fumes was very nice . However , if you attempt to actually cut the lawn , the use of it was so frustrating that I returned the item . I would cut maybe 1 foot of grass , then it would stall . I was trying this on a 0.4 acre plot , no rocks or anything , just grass .
 Do not buy this unless you like to take chances ; maybe you will get a good one . Out of the box mine would not stay on because the lever that starts the mower would not stay engaged . I had to use a bungie cord ! I was able to mow my yard once and then the battery would not hold a charge . I returned it to Amazon and bought a Neuton cordless mower from DR Products .
 The mower charged overnight -LRB- red to green charger light -RRB- but the charge meter always showed very low charge after repeated chargings . Upon trying to mow , the two-step safety switch worked once , then stopped working -LRB- had to hold down both the safety lever and the handlebar lever simultaneously to mow -RRB- . I used it for 2 swaths across the lawn before deciding it needed to be returned . The Amazon return policy says that they will not accept returns of items that have gasoline , for safety reasons . It seems that policy should n't apply to this item , because it is a dry no-spill battery with no gasoline . Read the descripton carefully
 When this mower first arrived , I found two nuts and bolts loose in the carton . I examined the mower carefully to see where these might fit , and failing to find any such place , I proceeded to charge the battery . After about two or so days of charging , I took it out for a mow - It would not start ! - I called customer support at B&D ; - and the best they could do was to suggest that I return it to Amazon.To Amazon 's credit , the return went off without a hitch - all I needed to do was to repack the mower - Amazon arranged for a UPS pickup right from my house , and refunded me the full amount - including shipping .
 the mower was defective . black & decker told me that mowers received in defective condition are not covered by warranty . Amazon told me they would not take the mower back . I had to go thru your Executive Customer Service to finally get the mower returned . The mower has been returned to you and I am now awaiting a credit . Amazon is OK for books etc. . BUT NEVER PURCHASE ANY LARGE OR EXPENSIVE ITEM FROM AMAZON .
 The CMM1000 is the worst `` luxury '' item I 've ever purchased , and I rue every penny I spent on it . The positive reviewers here will reconsider in a year or so when their mowers start dying after 15-20 minutes ' use.Now in my third season , the mower will go about 15-20 feet before shutting itself off . You can restart it after about 3-4 minutes , and then it shuts down again when you mow some more -LRB- even when you only mow along about half of its paltry 19 '' cutting width -RRB- . The techs at the local B/D shop tell me its battery life seems to be about 2-3 seasons for most people , and a new battery is about $ 140 . -LRB- They also told me , `` off the record , '' that the thing is a dog and that they 'd never buy one themselves . -RRB- It has absolutely zero blowing or suction strength . I do n't ever bag , but I know it wo n't even blow clippings off the sidewalk . Potential customers should also be aware that it 's made of almost all plastic , and has a very sponge-like feel . I do n't know who thinks this thing is `` light , '' as it 's quite heavy . My last mower was a manual , and it was far easier to push.Also , anyone who claims this is an environmentally-friendly option needs a physics class . Unless your electricity is generated by a nuclear plant , you 're charging this mower with power that comes from fossil fuels . Converting it to electricity necessarily loses energy , so you 're actually using up MORE by charging your battery . I bought it because it has to live in a basement/garage with my hot water heater ... so I did n't want gasoline in the same room.Needless to say , I 'm junking this piece of garbage for a mower that I wo n't have to send to the landfill in two years . Shame on you , Black and Decker ! The CMM1000 is subject to a recall right now , too . Does n't work , and also might cause a fire . Great !
 I have used this mower about 2-3 times . The battery charge lasts about 45 minutes before it goes into yellow region of charge indicator -LRB- time to recharge -RRB- . When cutting grass , the mower leaves some larger blades of grass partially uncut and you have to go back and recut the grass . This is not a big problem if you have a small yard but with a larger yard it can be very frustrating . This problem may be due to the narrow blade on the cordless mower which is much narrower than my gas mower . I have gone back to using my gas mower for most of my mowing since it does n't choke down nearly as often and I do n't have to deal with recharging after 45 min . or going back and recutting grass .
 The first two seasons , the unit worked great and we had no complaints . We have a pretty small yard so battery life was never an issue . We always ended with the battery meter in the green and kept the unit on the charger when not in use.The third season , we pulled it out and it died after cutting half of the front yard . The battery meter still in the green ! After waiting 10 - 20 minutes we could go again for 15 minutes . Thought it was over heating so we sharpened the blade as the manual recommends . That did n't help . We tried putting the unit back on the charger when it died , again no help.Since we had a week left on the warranty , we drove about 1 hour to the service center in hopes of getting a new battery . Once there , we discovered they had no way to measure the battery capacity under load . Testing consisted of ` does the charge light come on ' and ` does it run for a couple minutes in the shop ' Unfortunately , batteries that do n't hold a charge will pass these tests . They would replace it if totally dead but took the position that diminished battery capacity was normal and not covered . So , we now can buy a new battery for around $ 120 from B&D ; for another 2 years or invest in a gas mower . In reading other posts here , it seems the battery lasts about 2-3 years and costs $ 120 to replace . I wish we knew this when we bought it.I suggest you invest in a good gas lawn mower that will last 10 years . Battery powered lawn mowers are a great idea but replacing batteries every 2 or 3 years makes a gas unit a much better investment .
 I have had this mower for three seasons . Like all rechargeable products , the battery has worn out . I do n't mind replacing batteries - it is just a fact of life . Unfortunately , Black & Decker has chosen to charge $ 100 for the new battery plus a small service charge to have it put in the unit . If anyone knows a less expensive replacement let me know.So , essentially you have to pay the purchase price of this mower over again every 8 years . By that I mean you need a new battery every 2 years - or 4 batteries in 8 years for a total of over $ 400 . Remember , my battery died on my third year mowing a 1/3 acre lot -LRB- in Minnesota , so a short summer followed by harsh winter -RRB- . By last year the battery was nearly useless - two charges was necessary to do the whole yard even with short , dry grass -LRB- read
 This worked for a few weeks . Had to have the battery replaced under warranty . Then , something in the circuitry went out ... would n't / wo n't run . Tired of messing with it . Going to leave it on the sidewalk and hope someone steals it . Most of the other B & D lawn care tools I have bought in the past have also had similar failures ... Get up one day , it wo n't run . Wiring problems -LRB- shabby assembly , really -RRB- , mechanical glitches -LRB- cheap parts , really -RRB- ... No more Black & Decker ANYTHING in my house ... The new mantra
 This mower is not a high quality product . It takes a full 24 hours to recharge . It 's performance as a bagging mower is poor , especially if the grass is damp , when it picks up almost nothing before it clogs . It performs ok as a mulching mower if the grass is very dry , which means I need to wait until noon to start mowing . The indicator light showing whether it is finished charging or not stays continually on red , making it useless . The indicator guage showing how much charge is left while mowing stays on fully charged until it is almost dead and then moves suddenly into the red . Now it has been recalled for fire danger and the nearest authorized repair facility is two hours away.I would n't buy this product again .
 This piece of garbage worked twice on my average size lawn , and the third time , the motor siezed up , making a terrible sound . It was fully charged , and seemed okay . Now the plastic washer between the blade and the motor is shredded , and I was absolutely NOT mowing over anything besides grass !! I can not believe that such an expensive item broke so quickly . Heed my advice and think long and hard if you 're considering this . I was so excited about getting this , but I 'm now as miserable as can be .
 I purchased a CORDED B&D rear-bagger late last Summer shortly after moving to a new home with a small Bermuda yard . I found major problems :1 . The need for a flip handle . Avoiding the cord was a real problem even though I have used electric mowers before . This one was poorly designed .2 . The mower left lots of stragglers ; did not cut smoothly .3 . The blade left circular burned areas in the grass .
 This stuff is waaaaay overprices for the amount of area it covers , plus within 4 months i had weeds again . Im stickin to the liquid stuff
 but , it finally killed the area after applying way room than I thought I would need . We shall see it weeds come back in the spring .
 I wore these gloves while splitting wood with a wood-splitter . The bark on the logs is rough and wore through one of the thumbs after only 5 hours ! If you 're going to be doing real work , I would not recommend these . For light duty work they 'd be OK . The fit is nice .
 These are in no way heavy duty . Period . I am surprised that Dewalt lends its name to get gloves . Poorly made . Wo n't last a summer and clearly not HD .
 Used this umbrella cover twice before it ripped down the seam . Do n't waste your 10 bucks .
 This is a pretty cheap item . It reads temp and tells time and thats about the only good thing I can say about it . Save your money .
 Shipping crate was poor and damaged in shipment allowing -LRB- minimal but repairable -RRB- damage to roller . Information that the Roller was only 14 inchs in diameter rather than larger was missing from any internet sources and pictures were deceiving thus the the roller was found to be smaller in diameter that expected . The roller tow bar was not made out of as heavy of material as I would have desired -LRB- 1 inch square stock that had only eight inch walls -RRB- . Otherwise it was OK .
 Used this umbrella cover twice before it ripped down the seam . Do n't waste your 10 bucks .
 This device has an LCD readout for both the temperature sensor inside the case , and a sensor on the end of a ten foot long wire . Thusly , it can function as both an indoor and an outdoor thermometer at the same time . I bought it for the temperature alarm feature , which can be set as both a high and low temperature alarm for both the indoor and the outdoor sensors . The unit does work as claimed , once you figure out the confusing instructions . Sadly , the alarm sound is so soft and tiny that the uses are limited . There are also some small lights that flash when the temperature alarm sounds . But , both the alarm noise and the flashing lights only continue for 5 second periods , once every minute . So , you 'd have to be within just a few feet of the unit , or looking right at it to realize the temperature alarm had gone off , and you might have to be close by for up to a full minute to hear the alarm . The lack of a loud or noticable alarm severely limits the uses of this device . And since it 's an LCD display , it can not be read in the dark . I may find a use for this device as a thermometer , but it 's not the alarm I needed .
 Used this umbrella cover twice before it ripped down the seam . Do n't waste your 10 bucks .
 I was n't expecting the highest quality set for the price , but I was excepting the pieces to at least fit into the box it came in . As soon as I opened the box , half the parts fell out -LRB- including the knife ! -RRB- and most of them would n't lock into their placement in the box . Also , each of the pieces is very cheap and feels like they will break . And one thing they do not show you in the photos is the ridiculous packaging this set comes in . The box is almost humorous , like it 's a joke set . I originally bought this as a gift and will be returning it instead because I am too embarrassed to give this to someone . Does n't waste your money on this one .
 I 've tried to grow 2 of these plants now with the same results , immediatly , both times.The exotic , interesting plant arrived crushed to begin with , but within 2 weeks it was dried up.After the first dried up , I did some research to make sure I was caring for it properly.I 've never had plants that I could not keep alive . . let alone for 2 weeks.If you get one ... good luck !!!
 Only reaches halfway down to floor on my grill . Not impressed . After first year , already tears and wear .
 This is a nicely made lantern EXCEPT that the `` French Bronze '' is only a surface coat that peels off revealing an unattractive gray metal . I purchased 8 of these at various points over the past 4 years and all are peeling . I live in a mild climate so I was surprised . I contacted the manufacturer - Whitehall Products - and was told there is a one year warranty and they take no responsibility for their products after that . Given the high cost of these lanterns the manufacturer should do better - both in applying a better finish to begin with and standing behind their products after they are sold . I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THESE.Update
 yep , like I said above , you get what you pay for and this was like a giant stuffed animal hammock . I would not even let my kids use it . So disappointed when I opened the box . Get a woven hammock instead .
 it is slowly falling apart and unraveling , just remember that with somethings you get what you pay for and that is the case with this
 It 's noticeably `` made in China '' . The hammock is all white . The picture posted online is cropped to show the background of a yard . The photo is misleading again with the hammock looking larger than it is , but it 's true to the dimensions listed . As far as the `` display box '' , it was beat up pretty nicely , yet the outer box showed no damage . Construction of the hammock is commensurate with the cost . I 'm sure had I spent a little more on a handwoven Mexican hammock , I would be writing a much different review .
 The quality of this product seems good enough but we thought we were getting an ottoman that matches the Strathwood St. Thomas patio furniture that we ordered . When the ottoman arrived we discovered the finish does not match the other furniture , nor does the color of the cushion . Very disappointed , as this was listed in the group of options to add to the St. Thomas furniture . Buyer beware ! Discovered too late that this ottoman & the nesting tables are part of the Falkner style furniture by Strathwood . We 're thinking of returning this & the nesting tables . Frustrating to say the least . Amazon , ca n't you offer the same ottoman & tables in the St. Thomas finish ?
 The ottomans are beutiful when you get them out of the box but in less than 30 days they look like they are 2 years old ! I covered/protected them since the day they arrived and given they are outdoor pieces , this should not happen ! I would like my money back !
 This ottoman is huge and the cushion color is not as shown . I wound up using it as a coffee table between the chaise lounges and threw away the pillow .
 i opened the box that was delivered and immediately went online to return it . it is much smaller than standard garden flags , and looks cheap .
 Pool is overall pretty decent . There are , however , several things to be aware of before you buy one .1 -RRB- The setup is a * major * pain . The diagrams in the product guide show two people putting up the frame and lifting it . This may be true for the smaller size pools , but certainly not for the 24x12 . It takes three people , preferably adults to raise the frame in a stable position , and I do n't want to even think what the next size up requires . Overall , between the unpacking and the actual setup , you can count a good afternoon worth of work , and that 's before starting to fill the pool up .2 -RRB- They say that you need a flat surface to set it up , and they really mean it . Even a very slight incline can prove problematic . This is probably not as much of an issue for the smaller sizes , but finding a perfectly flat surface that stays flat for the full length of the 24x12 pool can be an issue .3 -RRB- You should know that when you are about midway through filling up the pool , the outer frame along the longer sides of the pool will severely bend inward because of the pressure differential between the bottom part -LRB- now full of water -RRB- and the top part -LRB- still empty -RRB- . That can be worrisome , but eventually evens out as the pool fills up .4 -RRB- Taking the pool down is also a chore , especially if you do n't do it when the weather is still warm and dry enough so that there is enough time for the pool to easily and quickly dry-up on its own . You also need to be careful as you fold it and pull the lining , as it is actually relatively easy to puncture it and the pattern on the inside of the pool makes it hard to detect this -LRB- you do n't want to find out about it when filling it up the next time around -RRB- .5 -RRB- The water pump clogs up regularly towards the water intake of the pump and if you have a salt-based catalytic converter to produce `` chlorine '' , you need to reset it quite often . You should also consider changing your filters weekly rather than bi-weekly . Overall , I do n't completely regret the purchase , but given the hassle involved in setting up and taking down the pool , an above the ground pool might in the long run be a better choice even if it does cost more .
 We bought this wheel barrel and by the time it got here in pieces we found it was neither the color we asked for or worth the price . It was sent back by us and we had to pay for shipping and handling inspite of THEM not sending the right wheel barrel ! I should n't have bought another one there , but since we needed one we did . The wheel was flat on arrival , unfortunately we kept it and by the time I went to use it in the spring , it was flat again . It was too bad for us , and too late . I recommend sending back flat wheels as they are usually defective if they arrive like this . It rusted out the first summer of using it in my small gardens and this was not `` industrial use '' by anyones measurement . I do n't feel this was a good value at all . I would n't buy it from them again . I did n't like dealing with ACE and I felt their product was over rated and not at all like the picture they used to sell it . I would n't buy from them again .
 i had a charbroil Quickset grill and when the hinges mount on the top and bottom casting it got all distorted and cracked . i checked my manual and it said they were warrantied for a life time . so i emailed charbroil and told them , i got back a DENIED and the reason being , IT WAS CAUSED BY HEAT now i ask you what is there in a grill besides HEAT it was just their excuse not to warranty it . i will never buy another charbroil and when im in a store and see people looking at one i stop and tell them my story and so far that has been 13 people and they all walked away . I sent that grill to the boneyard and bought a grill master now if u want a grill this is it . its all porcelan and cleans real nice 10 times the grill of a charbroil . so if u are thinking of gettin a grill , think twice about a charbroil unless u want to be buying another new one in the next few yrs .
 This product at first glance looks very creepy and looks as if it would be a great addition to any chop shop for a Halloween party ; but once it arrived in the mail , that was not the case . The dimensions of the product are not mentioned anywhere in the description and now I see why . The tray the face comes on is 7.5 x 5 inches . That means the face measures 6 x 4 inches ! That means this prop is too small to even be considered a small child 's face . In addition to that , the coloration shown in the picture is not what the product looks like . There are no burnt edges , nor is there blood on the backing . The nose is not as formed as it is in the picture either . The product is completely flesh colored with no extra dimensions to it . This is of course extremely disappointing and given the price , is just pure ridiculous . Taking the time to make one out of latex would be the better route unless you are going for a baby themed chop shop . I am planning on making one instead , and I will DEFINITELY be sending this product back for a refund .
 It a nice looking grill , The price was reasonable , but Im totally disapointed . This grill works fine if all you want to cook is 3 pieces of meat -LRB- burgers , steak ... whaterver -RRB- at a time . The first problem is that the burners only get back of the grill hot . So you have to flip the meat at the back of the grill over before it burns while the rest of the meat is raw , warm at best . The meat at the front of the grill will NEVER cook . You end up having to rotate the meat from the front of the grill to rear in order to get a meal completed at the same time . Second heaven forbid if you place a steak on the upper rack while the lid is open . Because , the upper rack hangs over beond the grill while the lid is up and drips onto the inside of the lid and then when you close the lid , it drips off the back of the lid onto the ground all over you patio and leave nice grease stains on your concrete . I had to got to our Home Depot and by a plastic drip pan to save my patio . Needles to say I am shopping for a new grill .
 I was very disappointed with this purchase . The grill was billed as a super discount item , that I found in many other stores for the same money . The grill was a gift and was damaged in transport , so I opted for a refund and bought a bigger grill for less money .
 For the money , this grill should be sturdier and the flames should be even . I find the knobs to be somewhat rickety . My biggest complaint is the uneven burners . Mine do not burn as high in the front as the rear . In fact , you can get rare in the front and well done in the rear . Charbroil mentions this on their website as normal , but if you ask me it is a manufacturing defect and undesireable . I am actually considering selling it and purchasing a brand that consumer reports rated higher .
 I 've had the regulator assembly on my Char-Broil grill fail twice . The company refuses to warrant this part of the product . The regulator is the `` heart '' of the grill . The regulator , hoses and valves that go from the cannister to the burners is all one assembly . They charged me over $ 100 to replace it the first time and it failed again within 9 months . Now , they have taken all their support telephone numbers off line . If you buy one of their products , there is no way to contact a human being . Their web site will not let you send an email , nor will it reveal a telephone number . This company is a total rip off .
 The item never arrived , and emails to Mowtownusa went unanswered . Amazon canceled my order after a month . Do n't waste your time with this company
 I purchased this grill at Kmart at a discount -LRB- under $ 300 -RRB- about three months ago . The grill appealed to me for its partial stainless steel construction and enclosed under-body . It was easy to assemble and most parts appeared to be of solid construction . Unfortunately , problems appeared immediately after the first use . Namely , the pan designed to capture grease and other particles did not do a good job . Grease is leaking into the cabinet and onto my porch despite proper installation and grill standing on a perfect level surface . Also , the construction of the grill causes frequent and large flare-ups . Most of the flare-ups occur in the far section of the crates , where cross-ignition tubes trap dripping grease . In addition , the cooking surface temperature is highly uneven with much hotter temperatures at the far end of the crates -LRB- even when flare-ups are not causing it -RRB- . On the plus side , electronic ignition system works beautifully so far.Bottom line is ; I would not purchase it again despite attractive looks .
 I bought this with high hopes of keeping all my lawn and garden equipment filled with less frequent trips to the gas station . After I put it together and tested with water for leaks I was good to go . I filled it at the station , it worked great and then I put it on the floor of my garage.The next morning I could smell the gas in my house . I went out to find about a half gallon had leaked out of the unit . Therefore I had to empty the unit into other tanks and then try to fix with teflon tape . No luck ... leak ... more teflon ... more leakI went to home depot and bought replacment peices with deeper threads . this did the trick , kind of , but it still leaks drips here and there . Not to mention , the metal hand pump is really showing age after one year.If Blitz would use quality parts from the get go this would be a quality unit , but they cheap out and it makes it , well , CHEAP . Definitely not worth the 89-109 bucks you can find it for in stores and on the web.Others may have better luck and I read a lot of review where people bought replacement parts and were happy with it then . That to me means the product they send you is not good , hence my bad review.Pros-ConvenientEase of use once constructedCons - Poor connector partsCheap materialsLeaks due to shallow threading
 We ordered 3 covers at $ 2.97 and 3 covers at $ 4.97 . We received 6 of the cheaper covers and none of the more expensive covers but were charged for the more expensivecovers
 Save your money and purchase a better product . After only 4 months it ripped even without stress . I had one similar to this that lasted several years but it was a thicker plastic .
 Covers did not fit my outdoor chairs very well . I used the covers during the summertime on my outdoor chairs to prevent hummingbirds from dropping liquid on them . Unfortunately , with a soft wind and sun exposure the covers tore .
 I loved the idea of being able to see my beautiful cushions through the plastic . I was disappointed when I opened these a few weeks after buying them . Some tore right away . They do cover your chairs , but are quickly blown away if you have any type of wind . The rain accumulates in little puddles and breaks through , soaking your cushions on the parts that stay covered . They are a very thin plastic that would be great as a dust cover only . I tried to get a refund and was quickly denied . I should n't have wasted my money . Hope this helps in your decision .
 Did not last me even six months . I do n't live in a stormy place but the vinyl has torn and I have thrown both covers away .
 THE PLASTIC WAS VERY THIN BUT THEY DID NOT COST MUCH SO I THOUGHT THEY WOULD BE FINE . I WENT OUT SIDE AND TO MY SURPRISE THE PLASTIC WAS TEARING ALL OVER . DID NOT LAST VERY LONG . THEY WERE CHEAP BUT THOUGHT THEY WOULD LAST LONGER . NOT WORTH IT .
 chair covers are ultra thin and will not last under the outdoor elements . I do not recommend them and would never purchase these again .
 I bought it to cover my recently bought patio chairs . ordinary slingback chairs . ANd after covering the chairs for only 2 1/2 weeks , the material is now torn from top and bottom . Money wasted however small it was . I will never buy this again and advice all to stay away from it . The manufacturers make thier money off of such poor products .
 I have bought these covers many times , and they lasted two seasons , but the last set was awful . They are paper thin . Two of then already have tears and need to be replaced . They have only been on the chairs for 2 months . The previous ones were thicker . I will not purchase again . In fact the seller should remove this product from their product line .
 This product works very well for intended use , but a quart is priced basically the same as a gallon , at Amazon .
 If you will do a little searching for this part you can find it for around 60.00 on some other sites . Good luck
 This product might be convenient , but I recommend NOT using it . It contains red dye and a preservative , both of which may be damaging to hummingbirds . You do not need red food coloring in nectar in order to attract hummingbirds . Most hummingbird feeders have plenty of red on them to attract the birds . A simple mixture of 4 parts water to 1 part granulated sugar is all that is needed for hummingbird nectar . Never use honey or sugar substitutes . It 's simple to make nectar and keep refrigerated and certainly safe for the birds . We prefer safeguarding the health of these little birds rather than the supposed convenience of this product .
 There is some scientific testing showing red dye may cause tumors in hummingbirds . Why take a chance ? The red is just marketing . PLEASE do n't fall for marketing . Plain white sugar is better for the birds and your wallet.Makes you angry that the company cares more about looks than the birds lives , does n't it?Makes me angry to see people ignoring the warnings .
 I bought this `` Red Hummingbird Nectar '' and did , unfortunately , research afterwards . I found out that this hummingbird food is absolutely rubbish . You should not buy it . It contains dye and preservatives which are harmful for hummingbirds . I do not get it , first we destroy their habitats and than we feed them something what makes them sick and kills them in the long-run . You could mix your own hummingbird nectar , 1 part sugar and 4 parts waterheat it up until the sugar is dissolved . Very cheap and healthier.Here is a good website and a good download . -LSB- ... -RSB- Oh , I just found out that I have to rate them one star to post a review . There should be minus stars !!!
 I gave this two stars only because I had to assign a rating to make this comment . I have not used the nectar and the rating is mere speculation . I am wondering if FDA Red # 40 is the same as Red Dye 40 -LRB- red food dye -RRB- . Most birding experts advise against using red dyes in hummingbird nectar . There is some evidence that these dyes cause tumors and other health problems in hummingbirds . If the concentrate contains red food dye , I would n't use it . It 's not necessary to use red coloring in nectar to attract hummingbirds ; the red in the feeder is sufficient .
 Hummingbirds are wonderful flying jewels and it 's a real treat to have them come to your home to feed . Having red on your hummingbird feeder is enough to attract them ; having red chemical dye in their food is totally , and I mean totally , unecessary . They will readily take clear nectar made of only table sugar -LRB- 1 part -RRB- and water -LRB- 4 parts -RRB- and it wo n't hurt them . Red coloring may hurt them . Now you do n't want to do that do you ?
 you can get this in any store for half the price . nothing special about it , the packets you mix yourself are just as effective
 Even though this is a very pretty feeder , my hummingbirds have totally ignored this feeder for some reason . They prefer my window feeders to this one . I 'm not happy with this feeder .
 This is a pretty glass hummer feeder . However , it is not easy to snap the base on and off , and the paint is already coming off after having been outside during a few rainstorms .
 I bought this to make big batches of cheese and discovered in my first batch that the handle filled up with milk . This contaminated the batch of cheese and the milk coagulated inside the handle.Amazon sent me a replacement that ended up being worse than the first . I took it to a welder friend of mine and she could not even fix because if she tried to heat it it would just break . There are holes all around the joint between paddle and handle , and in the top of the handle . It is totally unsanitary.I am trying to get Bayou Classic to refund me directly , but we will see.Some people seem to be very happy , but why risk it just to save a few bucks ?
 I ordered this as a stir paddle for home brewing . When it arrived there was a hole in it where they welded the paddle to the handle . The welding is pretty poor on this product and judging by the other reviews I am not the only one who has had this issue . As a home brewer having sanitary equipment to brew with is the most important step in the brewing process . Having a hole in the handle and welding that is this poor provides bacteria a perfect place to hide where it can not be cleaned . This bacteria can lead to many off flavors in your beer and cause problems with fermentation . The return process is all automated with ANTOnline . I was able to get a RMA number from them with in 10 min . Now I will send it back and see if I can get a refund .
 I 'm not familiar with this brand , but they seem to be popular . I noticed this item did not have the best reputation on amazon , and that worried me . I decided to give it a shot since it was what I needed , and the price was decent . I returned it right away . It did not even look like SS , and there were factory defects everywhere . The brand name was even tattered away , most likely in shame of this product : /
 Sodium hydrogen carbonate is the chemical name for common baking soda . So save some money and buy it at your local grocery store or buy in bulk at Costco or Sam 's Club . All of the SPA UP and/or pH Up products are baking soda .
 The handle broke off my almost new Corona clippers - it looks like metal fatigue . The problem is that the company website says their lifetime warranty will only be honored if the loppers are purchased directly from their website . This seems like it would be a huge negative for their resellers . What difference does it make if it 's bought direct or Lowe 's or wherever - it 's still the same product ? I wo n't buy another Corona because of their warranty restrictions .
 I am a contractor who really needs a small cordless vacuum and blower . I already have many corded and cordless 18v Makita tools , so I was really looking forward to this arriving . There is a really aweful reason why you only ever see the photo of this set up in blower configuration . It 's because that is all it is any good for . To convert it to a vacuum you have to put the dust bag on the front in place of the nozzle , then you put the nozzle on the side of the maching sticking out at 90 degrees from the handle !! Obviously , the machine is now such a weird shape it is now basically useless as a vacuum . It can not be used to vacuum a van or car . It can not be used to vacuum inside cabinets or anything else . I am not even sure how you could hold the trigger while holding the machine so the nozzle aims in front of you . You would probably have to use both hands . I ca n't believe anyone could be stupid enough to design this . They should sell it as just a blower or give a photo of it in both configurations to warn people.I never even bothered to put a battery in it or turn it on . Five minutes after opening it and reading the instructions , it was back in its box and on its way to Amazon returns.If you ONLY want a blower , then maybe it would be fine for you . If you want a cordless vacuum , then do n't even consider this Frankenstein designed machine .
 This `` tool '' comes without a battery or charger . What 's more , there appears to be no way to order a battery for it.Got sawdust on a workbench ? This thing would * probably * work okay.Got leaves in your front yard ? Get a real tool instead .
 MAKITA HANDHELD BLOWERTHIS CAME WITH OUT BATTERIES . YES , IF I READ CLOSER I WOULD HAVE SEEN THAT NO BATTRIES WERE INCLUDED . BUT , MOST OF THESE KIND OF THINGS COME WITH BATTRIES.THEN !!! THEN !!! YOU DO NOT OFFER TO SELL THE BATTRIES THAT GO WITH IT . I HAVE TO FIND A MAKITA DEALER TO BUY THEM . WHO WANTS TO SPEND THAT MUCH TIME DOING THAT.IN THE FUTURE QUIT PLAYING GAME AND SELL WITH BATTERIES.SCOTT ARBUCKLE / -LSB- ... -RSB-
 only engine is good i think . cheap built . i got it cheap but not happy with performance
 I had this unit work for just one time with problems toward the end of three hours . It was brought into an authorized repair shop whereby the manufactor has not had the parts for over three months . Try to call the service number and you will be placed in musak mode for half an hour . The company has no further response but to send an email telling how the parts are still back ordered.As I understand , if your unit works then people give a good review if it has problems then a - . The problem which I would mention further is if the unit needs any parts or repair requiring parts , many repair centers are getting wise to holding a unit which they can not get the parts . I would not recommend this unit .
 When this generator arrived , I filled it with the proper oil & gas , but could not get it to start . I spent a long time on the phone with both the seller and McCulloch , to no avail . The seller took it back and sent a replacement ... same story . The seller -LRB- Home & Beyond -RRB- was terrific and took the second one back , too.I went to a local dealer and bought a Honda . Started on the first pull !
 I had this generator shipped to St.Martin , opened the box filled oil etc and it would not start.A generator expert opened it in front of me and showed the inverter fried and no possibility of spares as no longer sold.This machine NEVER worked and impossible to return.I also feel burned
 I wish I had bought the comparable Honda . The only thing the McCulloch beats the Honda at is price . Quality , reliability , noise -LRB- especially noise -RRB- all go to the Honda .
 I was looking to buy the Honda EU2000i , but after seening this on amazon and the money we save ; it is not even a tough decision to make . This unit run quiet that other import generator . the only problem i have with this unit is the weight , it is portable , but the near 70 lbs weight make it difficult to carry around . the noise is ok at lower output , but getting close to 1500 watt , it become annoying . buying one of McCulloch vs spending $ 2000 for the honda . this is a lot better .
 I bought an all-metal pitch fork to do my heavy duty garden work , mainly digging up my vegetable beds . I bought this one for the light duty stuff ... like mixing in fertilizer or turning over my raised beds . Well , on my first use , I was using this to turn and loosen the dirt in one of my raised beds and without much resistance at all , the fork twisted out of alignment with the handle . I was shocked ... by the looks of this , it 's well made and I was not expecting it to fail so easily . Maybe I just got a bad one . Maybe not . I 'll go on using this as best I can , but with each use it 's getting looser and twisting pretty easily . I 'm really disappointed with it .
 I worked with this fork for one hour or so , there must be a stone -LRB- not big -RRB- of something in the soil , a part of the fork bent right away , and it was difficult to unbent it . Had to return the item . Thanks , Amazon , for hassle free return policy .
 Even after soaking for 24 hours the plank still caught fire !! I do not recommend this product to anyone ! Waste of money -- Does not even deserve a star !
 I bought this basket to replace a different basket I 'd used for years . Thought the lid would be great for easy shaking and welcomed the non-stick . What 's non-stick about it ? It has to be washed by hand and immediately dried and occasionally covered with mineral oil to prevent sticking . I just sprayed non-stick spray on my old one and put it in the dishwasher after use . This one has a non-detachable rosewood handle that ca n't go in the dishwasher or obviously over flames . I could n't shake it making fajitas because the onions , green pepper and meat was slipping through the basket weave and I ended up stirring carefully with tongs . This is going in a garage sale .
 It took about 2 days for my local tree rats to figure out how to defeat the mechanics of this feeder ; about the same time as it took the birds to get used to it .
 I purchased this feeder along with a plastic baffle , thinking it would be double proof . However , the very determined , tenacious , destructive squirrels found a way to dismount the baffle and the feeder . Both came crashing down and shattered . No more feeders for me .
 I needed to entertain my cat with a feeder that would n't be mangled by a local hooligan squirrel . This feeder , while sturdy overall , only lasted about 4 weeks because the hooligan figured out how to leap up , hang on and bend the hinges in a way that eventually broke them . Disappointing . If I did n't have this problem I would have been happy . It held 2 weeks worth of feed for the songbirds .
 The unit arrived broken , I called Heritage Farms customer support and got a voice recording saying to leave a message and they would get back to me . No call back so I did the same thing the next day with the same results . After 3 days I gave up . I will not buy from Heritage Farms again
 I have wasted so much bird seed with this bird feeder because every time it rained or the sprinkler wet it , water would leak inside , wet the bird seed and rot it . I threw it away after the season was over . I would not recommend this birdfeeder .
 It does a good job keeping out the squirrels but it also keeps out the birds . because of that I dont recomend it .
 I was just out looking at my Squirrel Proof Bird Feeder and there was a squirrel hanging off the side reaching in the tray and enjoying the birdseed . A little while later , I saw a RAT hanging off the side doing the same thing . Very dissatisfied and disappointed ! These Texas rodents are too smart !
 the feeder was broken on arrival . even so , i so , i do not believe it would deter any squirrels . chincy made in china !
 I chose this feeder , not for its looks , but in the hope that it would be squirrel proof . It 's not.I have hung this feeder from a pole and my squirrels have learned to either 1 -RRB- jam their face or fist under the trap while they balance on the pole or 2 -RRB- take flying leaps from the top of the pole and spread seed on the ground to hoover up later . It may work if it is hanging from a tree branch with nothing to launch off or balance on , but we do n't have low lying branches so ca n't try to see.I am going to try one with a built in squirrel baffle .
 I have two of these feeders . All I can say is that my squirrels must be smarter than the squirrels the manufacturer tested this feeder with -LRB- or should I say `` the squirrels with which the manufacturer tested this feeder '' -RRB- . My squirrels sit on one side -LRB- closing that side to the seed -RRB- and reach around to the other side and help themselves . The manufacturer might consider connecting the two side closing mechanisms with a gear so if one side closes , the other closes with it .
 It is made well but does n't have a long enough perch for birds as large as cardinals , therefore the only birds that frequent the feeder are sparrows .
 I had this feeder hanging from my back deck for 3 weeks , and the birds could n't figure out how to get to the seed . I do get lots of birds coming for seed every day at different feeders . Maybe mine was a lemon , but when the sparrows landed on it , they could no longer see the opening to the seed tray , and finally , fewer and fewer birds bothered with it . I wrote to Heritage Farms -LRB- well , Kay Home Products -RRB- and sent them photos of the birds being confused , but they had nothing to say except that I should return it . So I did .
 Feeder arrived from the supplier without the necessary parts to hold the hanger on . I emailed the company and told them that I was using a couple of safety pins to make it work . They emailed me back and said they were happy I could make it work ... . I was really looking for some parts to be sent to me . One side of the perch for the birds fell apart within four months - yes it could have been the raccoon hanging on it . And then every time it would rain the slightest little bit , the seed would get wet , turn into a sticky mess and no longer come out . I recently just threw it away ...
 The perches are much smaller than I thought they would be and the cardinals can not perch and feed on this feeder . Smaller birds - finches , nuthatches , chickadees and sparrows - have no problem.It 's not squirrel proof as they figured out on the second day how to hang from the bottom , avoiding the perch , and eat seed out of the trough . It 's not easy for them though and has slowed down the amount of seed I was going through . Also , the top of the feeder slides up easily and they can get inside it by just pushing the top up . My husband put a clamp on one side to fix that problem.I 'm disappointed that the cardinals ca n't get into this feeder and will keep my platform feeder up for them . So in the end , I guess I 'm not really using less of the expensive birdseed after all !
 Mine arrived with rivets popped out and the steel where the birds sit is thin and flimsy . I returned this product , and would not recommend it .
 I would never have purchased this via Amazon.Com had I know what I know now . The bars are sensitive so larger birds can not feed , feeder closed . The smaller birds seem to not like the small openings or it could be the lack of drainage . I have used it for nearly a year and the seed gets damp in heavy rain and SC high humidity . Once the seed has fermented though emptied and washed in clear water birds keep away and those who do land do not feed . I want to return the product but do not known or if . This product in my personal opinion is not fit for the purpose I had hoped it would be for , that is to feed birds without squirrels eating the food .
 I have had this feeder for about a year . The squirrels have figured out how to lift the top and climb inside then proceed to clean out the feeder completely . In addition , they have somehow managed to bend the metal `` perch '' feeder area so that even when they step on it , it does n't completely close and they have access to the food . Stop-A-Squirrel feeders are much better .
 Wind blew the feeder down - falling about 6 ft. and broke the plastic seed container . I called Heritage Farms and was told no replacement plastic surround was available . They said the feeders come from China fully assembled and they had no replacement plastic . The feeder is now worthless . I will not purchase anything else sold by Heritage Farms again . Breakable parts have to have replacements available.Heritage Farms Vista Squirrel Proof Bird Feeder
 It only took the squirrels 3 days to figure this one out . Now they can empty it in a day !
 I got this feeder so that larger birds such as cardinals could feed at my feeders . This is hanging alongside a tube feeder . The birds hop over to this feeder and first try to peck at the food they see through the plastic side . Then they must smell the food at their feet and try to peck at that . The bar that they stand on is so close to the food they have a hard time getting their heads under the little protective lid without slipping back . It does keep the food dry and it is amusing to watch our resident squirrel try to get at the food .
 Do n't be fooled , a hungry squirrel is much smarter than you Heritage Farms ! As I stand here looking out the window , we see a fat squirrel hanging from the top of the feeder upside down , working the feeder mechanism to get his grubby claws on the food , with much success and what appears to be little effort . Later , we see him actually inside the container ! Meanwhile two little birds stand idly by about 10 feet away awaiting thier turn at the trough.My wife has tried several of these sham feeder products to no avail . If anyone has found an actual squirrel proof feeder , that also allows birds to feed , please contact me .
 Unfortunately for me , New Jersey squirrels are just too smart for this this `` spuirrel proof '' feeder ! I 've seen that they either lunge out from the tree where it is hanging or hang down from the roof of the feeder to get the food . Either way , the money spent on this `` squirrel proof '' feeder was a waste of money as my bird seed bills continue to soar and the squirrels just keep getting fatter ! Save your money on this one and look for something else !
 I had high hopes for this feeder , based off others ' reviews . However , our resident squirrel must be too wiley for this feeder . It still manages to cling to the tree , lean on the bar and eat out of the ports without the door closing -LRB- will try placing it further out on a branch away from the tree -- -RRB- . I just noticed the spring adjustment when I went out to refill it . Will see if adjusting it solves the issue regarding the trap door closing sufficiently . May contact the company regarding this feature ; it is the whole reason I bought this feeder . Debating returning it . Otherwise , seems to be sturdy construction . Will update this review.UPDATE 10/31/2012 : This morning , a week after purchase -LRB- even with a baffle hanging above the feeder -RRB- , a squirrel managed to knock down and break the acrylic panel on the side of the feeder , spilling seed onto the ground . Back it goes .
 Very poor quality of construction and even worse packaging . This thing was shipped from China with no padding at all . It 's just in a box . The medal rod that the feeder hangs from , rubbed against the plastic seed container during shipping . This scratched the plastic . The plastic also had a small crack and one the bars that the birds land on had broken off on one side.I understand that my feeder may have just had a bumpy ride from China but the box did not have any damage . This feeder is of much lower quality than feeders I have purchased at Home Depot for less than $ 25 . It 's going back .
 Even with a baffle , the squirrels learn how to push up the lid , then go inside the feeder to eat . If you like entertainment value , it is really fun to see a squirrel sitting inside the feeder , happily eating away . It takes about 2 months for the squirrels to figure out the lid is not secured and they can easily lift it off and hop inside to eat .
 I ordered a Packers Drive street sign with a helmet , but received a Packers Ave. sign with a large `` G '' . Since it 's a Christmas present and my nephew will still love it , I will keep it , but I 'm disappointed that the picture and the product received did not match .
 Did not care for this product . Very hard to use and not very effective . You would be better off with a copper brush for your stainless steel grates . I would not recommend this product .
 If you just need something to cook some gruel in , this will do . Its bargain basement quality but I am not cooking something that people are going to eat ... just a beer brew pot .
 I never got a chance to evaluate the performance of the pot because the accessories that were supposed to arrive with the pot were missing . I sent the pot back and received a refund without problems ...
 The description says commerical grade . But the owners manual clearly states on the front page `` NOT FOR COMMERICAL USE '' . I returned my pot . The aluminum material is very thin .
 Not what I expected I guess it read my fault did not read what size of turkey or it was made for chicken not turkey .
 Great size for boiling 5-10 pounds of crawfish or frying wings , but if you plan to have a large boil , do n't go with this product . It will take 5 + boils to go through a 40 pound sack of crawfish and that 's not counting the potatoes and corn.I have a 10 quart stove top pot with basket and it almost has the same capacity as this one . I expected a much larger basket . They could have easily added depth and width to it without effecting the boil . Very disappointed .
 I am very disappointed with the Bayou Classic B300 Accessory basket shipped to me . I ordered this basket because in the Product Dimensions it stated it was
 The construction of the basket is fine but it was not what I expected . I wanted to fry fish in this basket and it really wasnt suited for that purpose .
 This reclines is as advertised . It is comfortable and great to use.UNTIL a pivot bolt self locking nut backs off and the sholder bolt seperates allowing the chair to come apart causing the frame to bend when you wind up on the floor . This is the bolt that you raise and lower yourself from reclined to sitting positions.BTW this happenerd today 7/25 and the chair was ordered on 5/31The threaded part of the bolt is not lonf enough for the self locking nut to do its job.Today is Sept. 4th 2005 an update on my Lafuma experience.Called two days ago to the Lafuma people asking where my repair parts are , boy did they play dumb . Said I never called about broken chair parts.DO NOT buy this chair based on thier lousy customer service.BTW they said this is a known problem with thire chairs , why then do n't they correcxt it .
 I received a painful injury and almost lost my finger to this recliner . I grabbed the arm rest , and tried to slide back into the recliner . The mechanism under the arm rest snapped closed on my finger . I could not get out of this `` trap '' . Had my wife not been there to help , I would have lost my finger . No way should this chair be sold to an unsuspecting public !
 I received this chair as a retirement gift from my family . The anti gravity concept is very comfy , and I liked it . I had two major problems , one of which is the construction . After one summer , the strings holding the mesh to the frame broke . I did my best to try to secure it , but was never successful and it only got continually worse , making the chair unusable . Secondly , the plastic on the handles of the chair was gnawed off by chipmunks ! Now really , I live in the northern part of the US and have never had ANY of my outdoor furniture destroyed by a chipmunk ... . and I often keep my furniture outside all winter -LRB- though , this chair was stored for the winters -RRB- . It leads me to believe the quality of the plastic was not of high quality . -LRB- my cheap plastic Adirondack chairs have outlasted this chair , despite the incredible price difference ! Go figure ! -RRB- I have since learned the chair does come in an XL size , providing a wider seat and a bit more length . I would like this better , given the option , because the seat part of the chair is just a bit more narrow , and the length a bit shorter than I would like . -LRB- we 're larger people , and sat in it just fine , but the larger chair would be a definite advantage for comfort -RRB- It 's disappointing that the chair did not last given the cost ...
 When I first tried to get it going I had a lot of difficulty getting the remote and the main station to sync up.After I got it going the remote temp was off by about 8-15 degrees consistantly showing it to be warmer outside than it really was . I tried it in numerous locations to make sure I was getting accurate readings unlike the IPCC weather stations positioned near A/C units and such.So it appears the La Crosse is some sort of global warming support instrument that consistantly shows hotter out than it really is.Also , I emailed the company about problems and did n't hear back in the similar fashion that Al Gore eludes all debate challenges .
 I have been sleeping in a Mayan hammock for about 5 years now ... I really love it ! I have had back trouble for 20 years , but when I sleep in my hammock , I rarely have any stiffness or soreness.Unfortunately , due to an illness , my hammock was ruined -LRB- you do n't want to know -RRB- . Since I can not recall who I ordered it from , I am back to shopping , and bought the Byer of Maine as a fill-in . The first time I used the Byer hammock , I thought , `` Wow ! This is great ! A real bargain ! A little small for me -LRB- I 'm six-foot-one , and 200 lbs -RRB- , but that 's not a real problem . `` Then I slept in it that first night.Sometime during the night , the cords on the head side began to stretch.And stretch , And stretch.I was nearly dumped out the side.Upon examining the hammock , I discovered that the cords on one side -LRB- the head-and-shoulder side -RRB- had become a few inches longer than on the other side.Remember , I 'm not a novice at this ; I know how to use a hammock . But this thing mystifies me . It seems possible to pull on the cords a bit , and they * will * slip some , and adjust other cords , but not in any predictable fashion ... at least not that I can figure out.I 've got it adjusted ... a bit ... and it is usable ... sort of , but I 'm not terribly happy with it . It 's okay , I suppose , and it was only $ 20 US , but still ... a hammock should not be this complicated.I 'm back to looking for a good Mayan hammock . Sigh .
 I used it one time and want to sell it . With only one wheel on the far right side of the blade it tilts towards the blade when you lift the handle to go around a curve in my driveway . it then digs into the concrete or the lawn and tears it up . I purchased this thinking it would be as good as the Trim Rite trimmer I 've owned for almost 20 years but it 's not .
 The packaging was damaged and the table had a `` modest '' dent in it.But given my intended use it was ok . had I had a different use for it I would have returned it .
 I bought this birdhouse to hang under the big tree in the yard . But the bird house did not come with the hanging hook . The material appeared to be too fragile to put a metal hook in its roof . So we ended up putting it indoors near the window . After a few weeks , pieces of the chair and table came off . So we have to keep on gluing them back . Not sure if this is expected for all of the wooden birdhouses . Too much maintenance for me . Will not get wooden birdhouse in the future .
 This is my comfy library chair , but must use caution when getting out of it . If you lean foreward while seated , the chair pitches you out face first ! I am a small person , and others have also experienced it .
 ... after using it twice it broke . The hole where the pole fits split therefore the chair will not stay open . He is not a heavy person by any means ...
 Used it once , and it jammed open and will not fold up ... not very usefull for camping or the beach .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas a few years ago . We were looking for an easier way to have access to our garden hose when and where we needed it.We were both very excited . It was much easier to cart our hose around the house depending on the task we wanted to do . It attaching and detatching the hose to the water was not as easy as I would have hoped - you have to disconnect from the water supply in order to ` reel ' in the hose or the end gets all twisted up.The unit began to rust after only a short period of time ; we have no space to keep the unit in the garage , so it stays outside . It is now all rusted out and the wheels no longer hold any air . We 're going to have to throw it in the garbage.Seems like a lot of money for something we could n't keep for too very long .
 I bought this cart since I was tired of plastic carts cracking and falling apart with use . At least it took several years for that to happen . This thing sprang a huge leak in less than a year . Repairs will be close to what I originally paid . It 's going out to the curb next week .
 Both units received did not match the items website description . Frame not as heavy , wheel/tire combo did not either.L . G. Lambert
 Items in box were haphazardly placed in box with a couple of pieces of cardboard and styrofoam , but parts appear to be in good condition . This is a 4-wheel cart but the box only contained 2 wheels . Liberty Garden Product 's website has a warning not to enter the website or it could damage your computer - did n't go there ! Ca n't call them because they 're closed on weekends . What 's the good of having Prime shipping if you ca n't assemble the cart when it arrives ? It does appear to be a sturdy cart - if only I had all the parts ! 1-star rating for now , but hopefully my opinion will change if and when I get two more wheels .
 If I was a professional landscaper , I would be screaming . I knew I was in trouble when the box said `` Made in China '' ! If this is their top of the line commercial unit , I would hate to see the cheaper versions . Poorly built . I wish I would have spent more for a better domestic unit . I do n't see this lasting at all .
 Received this hose cart only to send it back . The handle is way too short and makes moving 300 ' feet of hose a back-breaking experience . The also feeds over the reel in some peculiar fashion . If you are under five feet tall and have a very small garden to tend to , this may be the hose cart for you . Those six feet tall and over , forget it . I 'll be buying a real hose reel this time !
 Compared to the other Sams Club brand , this cart is stable and works okay . I 've had it for less than a year and I 'm seeing rust form so the powder coating is not too good . My biggest complaint is the fact that everytime you crank it up or pull it out , the intake hose is not free spinning and gets bound up . This really sucks if you are using a quick release hose connector since it loosens the thread on the adapter and causes leaks . Other than that , no real complaints .
 I used this when I first got it to transplant sweet corn plants . I have sandy soil and when it was wet and freshly tilled the fiskars bulb planter worked great . I went to use it for planting bulbs in my sandy , but dry and a little compacted soil and the thin steel sides bent over when I pushed it in the soil . Now I ca n't get it bent back into shape to be strong enough to use at all . I thought by spending a few more dollars I would get quality . I ca n't recommend this due to the thin metal sides that ca n't withstand the pressure required to push it into the ground .
 This tool worked well for about 30 bulbs and then spring handle broke and metal side bent . I have arthritis in both hands so I was initially please with my ability to use this tool . Unfortunately it broke that first day . I ca n't squeeze very hard so it certainly was n't roughly used . OK if you do n't mind a disposable tool and do n't have too much to plant .
 In anything but the softest soil with no roots or wee stones the gauge metal is too thin / weak and the handles bend > as pointed out in other reviews .
 This is a nice idea but very very flimsy . It will work great if your soil is so loose that you do n't have to apply any force , and you have no roots . Otherwise , good for about 10 bulbs .
 This product has a clever design . Push it into the soil , use the markings on the side to determine depth , place the bulb in the hole and squeeze the handle together to open the bottom and release the dirt . It worked great when the soil was soft . However , I have clay soil . Pushing and twisting at the same time helped to get through the soil , until the metal side collapsed . I straightened the metal side several times , and tried to be gentle with it , but it collapsed over and over again . It would be a wonderful product if it was made of more sturdy materials , but as is , it does n't seem to hold up to tough soil .
 This is a great table , it is just too bad the company that produces it is so cavalier about their product . First , the table -LRB- assembly required -RRB- does not come with any instructions . A card inside the carton instructs the buyer to go to Strathwood.com where assembly instructions are available . Not true . There are no instructions on the web site . So the customer is on his/her own to figure out how to get the darn thing together . I printed out pictures from Amazon 's site to get an idea of what went where.This brings up another problem . The bolts that secure the legs to the braces are a quarter inch too long for the depth of the threaded hole in the leg pieces , therefore you can not tighten them up.This required a trip to the hardware store for additional washers to add to the bolts so that they could be tightened . So what should have been a one afternoon job required two days . Helpful hint
 Still have n't recieved it yet . How do you expect someone to rate something they do n't have ?
 The first table delivered was missing the assembly instructions and all the bolts . After 4 phone calls with Amazon , it turned out we could n't just get the parts , we had to send back the table and get a replacement . We just got the replacement table delivered . All the parts were there EXCEPT now the base of the table is 2.5 '' narrower than the holes on the tabletop to put it into.Because it was such a hassle to return the first one , my husband , son and the local hardware people `` macgivered '' nuts and bolts to put the table together.Don ' t bother with this one .
 This mower cuts about half of the blades of grass it runs over . After three uses , the foam handle grips have begun to rip . If you want a great workout and do n't care about how the lawn looks , this is the mower for you . And really ... foam handle grips ? What were they thinking ?
 Id rate it higher except I cant seem to get it put together to even use
 This looks great . For a few months . The finish , which seems to be painted onto the metal shape , started flaking off in large chunks in less than a year . It did n't even make it through the summer . We do n't have rain during San Francisco summers AND it was in an enclosed garden .
 The chairs are beutiful when you get them out of the box but in less than 30 days they look like they are 2 years old ! In less than 2 weeks since I received them , Amazon had to replace the chairs becuase the cushions have a decorative button that came off!I covered/protected them since they arrived and given they are outdoor pieces , this should not happen ! I would like my money back !
 I purchased this product in 2008 -LRB- 6 club chairs , 8 table chairs , two chaise lounges and a table -RRB- a year later the metal is expanding and deforming causing the paint to split and chip and the cushion covers frayed and fell apart after the first washing . I have tried to get the manufactuer 's information from Amazon but was told they have no contact information but they are continuing to sell their product . I do n't know if this is only the furniture that I bought or if this is a recurring problem . I would not recommend purchasing this product .
 We bought a set of this furniture a year ago . A weld on the couch broke the first day but Amazon was excellent about replacing it promptly . A year down the road , the paint split and is falling off both chairs and the cushions need to be replaced . We 'll have to buy an entire new set this year and try to get $ 50 for it on craigslist or just put the whole set in a dumpster .
 I bought the chairs and within weeks one of the legs had broken clean off , revealing how thin the aluminum used to make this line is . And how do you return one chair when the box is already gone without spending more than you paid for the chair ? Total bummer . Do n't buy this product
 These chairs and two-seaters look nice , but the fabric is not waterproof and gets dirty very easily . As outdoor chairs/seaters , they do not work well . After two days outside , they were dirty and now all cushions will have to be replaced .
 Initially very happy with our purchase . Chairs looked good and were very comfortable . However ... . after a few weeks both chairs developed cracks in the frame -LRB- joints -RRB- , one of which quickly developed causing one of the legs become unstable and ready to break off . Fortunately this fell within the first 30 days and Amazon arranged for a return . When trying to move chairs down from the roofdeck black liquid seeped out of the cracks of the chair causing significant stains on the carpet only adding to the frustration and disappointment.In short , my advice
 The arms of all four chairs have split , bad quality and no recourse.We were nervous about ordering these as we could n't see them , or sit on them . We trusted the previous reviews , ordered 4 chairs and 2 ottomans , and we were not dissappointed ! They are lovely and well worth the money . The chairs are low and deep , -LRB- need a supporting back pillow -RRB- but really look high end . The cushions initially looked really peachy colored but outside just look fresh . Added 3 coats of fabric protector ... The ottomans w/o the cushions can double as side tables or put together as a bench . Really happy with them !
 I purchased 2 of these chairs and the ottoman about 2 years ago . They have been great ! Finally decided to buy 2 more and checked my order history and looked to see if the same chair was available . The 2 pictures of the chairs looked exactly the same with off white cushions . The new chairs arrived today . To my shock the new cushions were a vanilla , pale yellow color . Nothing in the description noted that they had changed the cushion color which would have been logical , since many people add to their collection of Strathwood . Nor does the picture on Amazon look anything other than off white on the cushions . They said I could send them back , but the box was almost destroyed just to get the chairs out . I know many of you said you thought they were hard to keep clean . A solution of borax with water and a drop of dish washing detergent works beautifully . My only recourse is to buy new cushions , which would be over $ 300.00 . The manufacturer should a posted a new photo of the actual color that comes on the cushion .
 I ordered these chairs and the matching 3 seater sofa . The sofa arrived damaged . I informed the company of the defective item . I was instructed to wait for the trucking company to come get it.The chairs I never received and called amazon about the unreceived shipment . they were supposedly not shipped due to they were boken during shipment.I am waiting for my full refund . Amazon is charging me a fee for cancelling my order . They will not respond to my email inquirey.My sofa is still waiting for pick up . I have been charged on my charge account . I wo n't order anything from amazon if they do not respond to my request .1 . damaged sofa to be picked up and credited .2 . the shipping cancellation fee deducted from the full amount of the 2 chairs - I did n't receive .
 Admitadely I torque on things quite a bit , as I have to absolutely eliminate leaks in my RV water source -LRB- otherwise the leaks get expensive ! -RRB- . But it really should n't break before I even turn the water on . The metal just snapped when I twisted it onto the faucet ... Not worth the hassle of returning it , but I guess it 's back to the old brass Y-valve for me .
 If they are ultrasonic , then why can I hear them ? I have had them plugged in for about a month now . I was very happy to think they were working until I saw a mouse come out and stand right in front of it . My hopes were shattered at that point . I had an exterminator in the apartment and he swore these were a waste of money . I thought he was maybe saying that because they DO work and he would n't get the business if everyone started using them . But he was right . I was sitting on my couch and a mouse came out from under our stairs and literally stopped right below the outlet -LRB- where the ultrasonic repeller is -RRB- , hugged up against the wall , and scurried his way down the wall underneath a second ultrasound repeller and went into another crack underneath a radiator . I give up mice ! You win ! Remote is on the table and beer is in the fridge ! Help yourself .
 I bought the product $ 25 cheaper at Lowes and it does n't work . The company and there customer service are horrible , too . I have been trying to return it for over a month now , and you ca n't even get in contact with them and when you do they are not upfront about a return policy . They are shady and I recommend buying elsewhere , not with DBroth .
 I knew I had a mouse problem in my kitchen for several months . I placed traps all over the place and for several months I did n't catch anything . Thinking that all the mice had somehow vanished , I bought this repeller just to make sure they did n't come back . It turns out that the day afer I plugged this unit into an outlet in my kitchen , I caught three mice ! I think this product may actually attract mice rather than repel them !
 I ordered 3 of these , one after the other , and all came with significant chips and scratches to either the bowl or the lid . I finally called Weber and they replaced the damaged parts directly . If buying this product I would buy it in a store , not on line .
 Update
 Amazon.com usually ships this within 24 hours ? It 's been over a week , the item is still supposedly in stock , and it still has n't shipped . It 's a great product , but buy it elsewhere .
 Like almost everyone else , I have always had great experiences shipping with Amazon ... until I got this grill.I read the reviews , decided that this was the perfect grill for me and was so excited to get the grill only two days after it was shipped -LRB- with super saver shipping , no less -RRB- . It arrived just in time for a Fourth of July BBQ , yay ! However I was so disappointed when I opened the box and found that one of the handles had broken off from the base . It must have been damaged from shipping.I remember a reviewer complaining about the tray breaking off due to the floating lid -LRB- why do they do that -RRB- but I have n't read anything about the handle breaking off . Darn , why me ? Anyway , I requested a replacement and might bump my review back up if the new grill arrives intact and this baby performs like it supposed to . I 'm staring at the matching rolling cart -LRB- which I ordered at the same time -RRB- and it looks lonely . Well , I 'm going to pretend grill now.edit
 The Weber 566002 Q 220 Gas Grill works great with throw away gas bottles . Beware that the grill has nothing bout problems when you hook it up to a 20lb gas tank . I have had nothing but problems and frusration with this grill . Until Weber comes up with a fix for this incompatibility issues with its regulator I would strongly advise against purchasing one .
 On the plus side this grill is well constructed * , heats evenly and will undoubtedly last . Serious drawbacks should be considered before the purchase of this item . 1 -RRB- * The fold out leafs are plastic , warp easily and offer little support . 2 -RRB- The tank support provides only for a narrow disposable cylinder and needs to be removed for a wider one . 3 -RRB- The grill simply does not provide enough heat to cook any thing rare to MR without having to move the item perpetually around the grill to get the grate to sear it . Forget about Tuna or any other high grade Fish Searing as well as a great rare to MR steak unless it 's over two inches thick.I expect more from a no frills single burner grill costing $ 180 - I can get the same poor results from a $ 50 grill . I will be seeking a refund .
 There is alot written about this grill 's problem with regulator flow etc. . I have been to Weber 's site , read through the reviews of the problem , and ca n't get the grill above 200F because I use a regular size home propane tank . the woman on the phone from weber was nice , and walked me through the startup steps , but still a pathetic little flame was all we got . She suggested a new regulator , but since I 've already replaced it once , I think I 'll just junk this grill . I hear if you use the little disposables that this problem does n't exist , but that is n't exactly sustainable , is it?there has to be a better way to engineer this grill . in the meantime , find another one if you intend to use a full size home tank .
 I had been grilling every week , winter and summer , for over fifteen years when I bought my Weber Q grill . Its burner is too small to heat sufficiently , especially when it is cold outside . At only 12,000 BTUs it can not generate enough heat to get the cover even moderately warm and consequently , it does not grill well . It is too large to be truly portable , in the way of tent camping . And the side shelves are too weak to hold a plate of hamburgers without bending precariously .
 Our Q200 arrived with a faulty ignition system . Since purchasing we saw a review of this item in the local paper , and their 's also had a faulty ignition system . We reported the problem to Weber which quickly sent out -- a replacement , but sent the part for a different model . So we are still lighting by hand . The Weber does cook food well , but remember that unless you spring for the Q300 you get only one burner , and no warming plates -- fine if you are cooking a few burgers , but a problem if you are cooking multiple items . It means that you have to magically cook everything so that it is done simultaneously in order to keep all items warm . I can only assume that all the positive reviews come from people who have never cooked with gas before , and are thrilled at the easy and even cooking that this , and most gas BBQs provide . But anyone with experience with a larger home unit providing multiple burners will find the Q Series a frustrating experience .
 I have grilled in all seasons for a few decades now on charcoal and propane . I have come to appreciate quality and Weber propane grills have always been a well constructed even cooking grill for me -LRB- when I could n't use my Weber charcoal kettle - which I prefer for flavor -RRB- . I have a beautiful 4 burner Vermont Castings from 8 years ago that is my favorite , and a Ducane from before they got bought out by the new Weber - ?????? partnership.Anyhow , I ended up getting an apartment where outdoor grills are not allowed , so I picked up the biggest Q series thinking that I could `` night grill '' on my balcony and no one would see the grill during the day due to its low profile small size - great plan assuming the thing was not garbage.The grill arrived in perfect condition -LRB- no breakage like I 've seen on other reviews -RRB- . I purchased the adapter hose so I could use the `` grown up '' size propane bottles . I had problems getting the thing to light , even when it was brand new . I read all the directions about the safety BS that Big Brother has forced to be incorporated into this thing - opened the bottle , waited the full one minute , actually 4 minutes or so -LRB- half a beer ? -RRB- and finally got the thing to fire up . With the thing on full blast , I could barely get more than 350 degrees out of it !! Needless to say , to get my ribeyes to even `` medium '' took half the night ! I 've screwed around with this P.O.S. on and off trying to figure out what the deal is , but I 'm guessing it was engineered by someone who does NOT like to use a grill , cause I would be embarrassed to put my name on this piece of landfill . Not only does the grill not heat up , but once you shut the thing down and realize the steaks are VERY RARE still , you can just forget about getting the thing to light again !! I 've had to call on George Foreman a few times to keep a beautiful ribeye from being tossed garbage , talk about ruining a relaxing evening waiting for ` ole George to heat up and the smoke alarm going off in the apartment ... Like an idiot , I did n't return the thing immediately after realizing that I 've just been screwed . Do yourself a favor and do n't be stupid idiot like me - return it immediately once you find out Weber quality has gone down the drain.Better yet , do n't buy this P.O.S in the first place !!! What a disappointment ... never again - screw me once shame on you screw me twice shame on me ...
 Does not light . I have followed every precautionary step , every `` turn knob slowly '' instruction , yet grill will absolutely not light . I purchased 10 pounds of carne asada for the grand voyage of this grill , only to tell my friends `` another day . '' How embarrassing for both myself and Weber .
 Bought this grill -LRB- from another on-line seller -RRB- early in the summer . It fails every time we use it . It is cumbersome , not easily portable . It goes out in the slighest breeze . Ca n't imagine using it on a windy beach . Sometimes it goes out for no apparent reason . The hose connecting the grill to a regular propane tank was defective and had to be replaced . Sometimes the grill will not heat above 200 degrees . When the flame fails , a long wait is required before re-lighting . The small propane cylinder is inadequate for entertaining more than a few , but that does n't matter , because there are so many other defects , you may never run out of fuel in the first place.The little rolling cart is flimsy . There is no place to put the larger conventional propane tank.The product may be cute , but it is the perfect way to spoil a party.A complete dud . In our experence three sticks and a match work just as well . Not what you might expect from Weber .
 Do n't get me wrong , I 'm sure the Weber Q grill is a quality grill that grills up food very nicely . But for $ 180 it 's surprising the lack of features it has for a portable grill.For a portable grill , it 's heavy . Does it have a built-in stand that collapses into a handle and wheels , so that you can wheel it around ? How about interchangeable cooking surfaces , so you can do more than grill ? How about 2 burners so you can cook at different temps?I 'm sorry , I might pay $ 80 or so for a portable gas grill with this limited set of features . I think the other $ 100 is for the Weber name stamped on it.If you 'd like to look at something a lot more versatile and feature rich , check out theColeman 9949-750 Road Trip Grill LXE -LRB- Red -RRB- .
 if you ever have to call Weber customer service you are in trouble.They employ the nicest sounding , most polite people on the face of the earth but they are clueless.They are worse than the the strictest script reading overseas CSR 's because they are convinced that you are stupid and the key to your intellectual salvation lies on the scripted response sheet they have in front of them.If you have mechanical or engineering experience that indicates what they are telling you might be wrong , well you are just a silly man !!
 I purchased this item on Amazon . Received it and plastic of the grill leg was damaged . Amazon was great and sent a replacement , no questions asked . The replacement was all so damaged . Once again , without question Amazon offered a replacement or refund . I took the refund . Weber needs to pack better or find a company that ships better ?
 I am a loyal amazon customer but in the case of the Q I feel they have really let me down.I ordered 1 Weber Q . It came to me via free shipping UPS . One of the plastic foldout shelves had broken completely off the body of the grill . So , I returned the grill and requested a replacement . Amazon shipped this one to me via Fedex -- when I opened the box it was again broken * in exactly the same way * as the first . So I decided to take a close look at how it is packed to ship.The grill comes partially assembled . The lid is not attached at the hinges and basically floats free under the top of the box and over the shelves which are folded in . When pressure is place on the top of the packed box it directly places pressure on the shelves -- they act as levers against their anchors on the frame of the grill and break away . My suspicion is that Weber never really intended this packaging for mass mail ordering - rather it was intended to go on commercial trucks stacked one Weber on top of another out to stores.Lastly , because after I received 2 broken in a row I have decided to get a refund and buy a Q at my local hardware store.But , Amazon has notified me that they will charge me for shipping the returns back to them because I have requested a refund . I also ca n't get anyone to listen about the packaging issue . 2 different carriers managed to break it in exactly the same way!I am now considering just requesting replacements until one comes unbroken or they get tired of paying to have them shipped back and forth.The Q seems like a great product -- I just strongly advise you to go to your local hardware store and buy it!UPDATE JAN 16I finally got my refund from Amazon . They never got the second grill back -- but they believed that I had shipped it -- I think it was either swiped at UPS or their returns system got confused because I had returned 2 of the same thing . Anyway , they gave me my money backy . I went to the local hardware store and bought one . It was 25.00 more than Amazon price . I had used it twice and it is a great grill -- heats evenly , cleans well . I will be curious to see how durable it is long term .
 We purchased the Weber 200 based on it 's compact size & the good reviews that we found here on Amazon - and was pleased w/the grill 's performance for approx 6 months until we decided to convert/using the convertor hose w/a 20lb LP tank . -LRB- The smaller portable tanks are OK but are not recycylable in our area . -RRB- Once we started to use the hose/tank combo , the safety mechanism on the regulator would be triggered , causing low flames/temperatures . We tried ` resetting ' the grill MANY , MANY times , but did not have much luck . Too bad - have to throw away a good grill into the landfill and get another one -LRB- charbroil next time perhaps ? -RRB-
 There is a reason that Weber does n't put their name on this item anymore - it sucks ! You will see that there are comparable ones such as http://www.amazon.com/Weber-Portable-Indoor-Outdoor-Refrigerator/dp/B00008W71PI would like to read follow-up reviews by the others that so quickly gave it 5 Stars . After having this for no less than two-years , it stopped working - completely stopped ! I contacted Weber , and of course they state that 1 -RRB- It 's not under warranty ; 2 -RRB- The don ; t have any replacement parts for sale , because ; 3 -RRB- THEY STOPPED SELLING THEM!Now we 're stuck with an ice cooler , with no plug to drain the ice -LRB- unless I create my own , which I will -RRB- . If a company stops making a product , or stops putting their name on it , especially a quality name as Weber - well 1 +1 = 2 . You 'll be paying for the college logo , or other aesthetics if you buy a comparable one - in other words - do n't do it !
 This product is nothing more than a $ 15 rolling duffle bag that happens to be big enough to hold a Weber Q with a Weber logo printed on the side . The bottom of the bag is too flimsy to support the weight of the grill , so it therefore bends and contorts when trying to wheel it . The grill flops around mercilessly when wheeling or carrying , causing the weight to shift drastically and unexpectedly . This increases the likelihood of it being dropped or rolling over -- and in our case , causing on of the `` indestructible '' legs to break . Weber is very happy to charge full price for replacement parts , even under warranty . This product screams for a way to cradle or otherwise strap the grill in to prevent weight shifts , and a stiffer floor that is more capable of supporting the grill 's weight.If you feel , like I did , that you need to protect your investment with a product such as this , you would do better and spend less by shopping around for any other rolling duffle . Please do n't support Weber in the marketing of this junk .
 We bought the Weber Q plus the rolling stand because it was portable for our RV . We also bought the rolling duffle under the impression it would hold the stand AND the grill . When we got it home we discovered it would only hold the grill , not the grill along with the stand . If it had about 5-6 more square inches of room it would hold both and would package up nicely to be stored away when traveling to and from home in our RV . I also agree with the person who wrote that it should be more sturdy .
 I had this mower for 4 years , mowing about 1/2 acre every other week from April-October . I changed the oil every year , and kept the blades sharp . During the middle of the 2nd season , I started having problems with it . The last 2 years , I had to replace something every week . The spindles both broke -LRB- the casting cracked -RRB- , the blades had to be replaced very frequently , the pulley brake on one side broke , the cable to engage the blades broke , the deck support rod cotter pins broke and the rods bent . The seat would not stay in place ; I could crank down on the handle as tight as possible and it still slid when I went up or down hill . The mower finely died when the connecting rod shattered and completely destroyed the engine - everything but the intake was damaged . It was a good price , but you get what you pay for .
 Ordered this universal battery for Toro self propelled lawn mower , checked the voltage , but it will not start the mower!Too much hassle to send it back . Joys of buying on line !
 I never would have bought this item if I had known there was no acid included with the purchase.Every one around here quit supplying acid long ago and there is none to be found.I drove many miles and found some only to have to pay an additional $ 12.00 for the acid.I found the same battery at wal mart 50 miles from home that sold the battery for $ 50.00 plus all needed acid in box.I definetly felt ripped off , which I was.I have over $ 70.00 plus many miles plus 12.00 acid and when I received first battery it was busted and I had to take to nearest Fed ex office which was 60 miles round trip so they could see damage.All the above would have been cheaper and less trouble if I had bought a new mower.Never will I deal with this company again.I welcome all comments.Gary
 It arrived within 4 days of ordering . Pulled it out of the box and it looked decent , something I could definitely give as a higher end present . -LRB- I spent $ 55 with shipping charges too . -RRB- Unfortunately , when my friend hooked it up , there was a hole on the bottom that leaked the water and a piece -LRB- tube -RRB- was missing.I contacted their customer service and got an immediate response . They said they would send me a return shipping label and cover the costs to return and will mail me a new fountain -LRB- hopefully in good condition this time ! -RRB- . The customer service rep has been great , but beware of getting a damaged product . I hear these kind of fountains leak easily so you ca n't expect the world .
 I bought this fountain thinking it was made of real stones . It is n't . it looked good enough though so I figured I would give it a try . i plugged it in and everything worked fine except that the little pump is louder than the water so you do n't get soothed just annoyed , plus the base does n't nearly catch all the water that falls so water goes everywhere . My advice to buyers . Pass this one up unless you just want to look at it . My advice to Alpine . Tell the folks in China to rethink this one . It no workie.Stacked Rocks Indoor Fountain
 Do n't bother buying this if you have a wedge already . Do n't bother buying this if you have a wedge already .
 The idea is to use a wedge when the going gets tough and this particular tool has proven to be totally USELESS in such a situation . Case in point - I was working a white oak that was dying and had already partially dried up . My splitting ax was not going into the logs and I was not getting anywhere splitting the logs . Using the wood splitting wedge made NO DIFFERENCE whatsoever . Hammering it in got it stuck and the logs would not crack . I even had a hard time removing the stuck wedge from the logs . What finally did the trick was a twisted wedge from Germany - a wedge that has a 90 degrees twist . There was still a lot of hammering involved but it reliably cracked the logs.Final word
 I bought this after reading very good reviews here on Amazon . To my disappointment , this thing is n't anything special . Does n't perform any better than a $ 10 splitter you can buy at home depot . Definitely over priced at $ 19 ...
 The end is blunt and impossible to anchor it in the wood . You do not see this from the picture . I should have returned it . Completely useless .
 I remember when researching the products that there was one with very specific instructions about how to use the product . When this product showed up there were no instructions , nothing , not a hint as to what to do with them . As of this moment , I have n't used them because I 'm not sure how to use them .
 Unbelievable expense when adding in green house expenses for such a poor yield . Very disappointed in the way all has gone so far ...
 Not sure what I expected , bu these were not it . Just did n't work out for me.I tried planting seeds in them , indoors -LRB- since it is winter -RRB- , and nothing worked out = / Maybe next time !
 The Zip lock bag the Peat Soil Pellets came in has no full name on it , no description of the product , and no instructions on how to use the product . It only has a sticker label with a bar code and part of the name with '' ... '' replacing the middle words . I ca n't even find good instructions on the internet . How much water do I use ? Do I add the water to it or soak it ? Do I need to keep adding water every few days while they are growing ? Do they have to be in a green house thing or can I just put it on my sunny windowsill until it 's ready to be planted since it stands by itself?I was really excited to use them to get my seeds going ; now I 'm just frustrated ...
 This picture of thislant is perfect too bad my plant died a couple of weeks after it was planted into its pot .
 This is the worst fly season I have ever seen in central Calif. . I got an 8 pack of Tat . I see 10 to 12 flies flying in circles in the kitchen and bathroom most of the time . It 's horrible . I put out one strip in each room for 2 weeks . I got 3 flies . The strips are about 2 feet from the circling flies . This stuff could n't work any worse if you put fly repelent on it .
 Does not have a very good base . Remote unit keeps blanking out . I keep reset the unit and sometimes it comes back
 I bought the BAR888RA three months ago and am seriously disappointed . I check it sometimes two , three times a day against the local airport meteorological report just to see how accurate it is and it never agrees . The outside temperature is usually off by at least five degrees ; the barometer never agrees with two others I constantly check ; the device itself is constantly tipping over on the desk and breaking the batteries loose or the back comes loose because the latch is weak -- I have to tape it shut . If the room is a little dark , you ca n't see the numbers on the face , you have to turn a light on to read it . Also the atomic clock does n't connect with the government radio at work where I 've used it the most ; I have to put it in the car and drive it home in order to get the time to sync . The weather forecasting sucks . It can show the sun shining while it 's raining outside and continues to rain or remain overcast all day . Or vice versa . And if you 're going to put the batteries in the remote outside sensors when you first get it , you 'd better have a tiny , watchmaker Phillips screwdriver or you wo n't be able to take the back off the sensors .
 Both Amazon and the package itself indicate this thermometer has a feature called `` HiGlo -LRB- tm -RRB- electro-luminescent backlight for easy night viewing '' . The picture in Amazon also shows this feature . However , the user guide provided in package neither tells how to use this feature nor mentions it at all . I have tried blindly for all buttons and even multiple buttons together , and could not get backlit to work.Other than that , the look is awkward . Two very wide bars on either side of the LCD . It also lacks of humidityOnly good thing is shows both indoor and outdoor on one screen , eliminating the need to push channel button three times to review outdoor temperature and come back .
 i only had product for 10 days and it stopped working correctly , i opened up the unit to discover a circuit board had been hod poged on to the main board and it soldered connections had broken , i would not advise the purchase of this item , it is poory put to gether on the inside
 The internal sensor works splendidly , and I like the moon phase indicator . The forecast thingy seems to be right more often than not , which makes it just as good as the professionals for short-term -LRB- say , 12-hour -RRB- forecasts.The external sensors are n't so hot . Occasionally when it 's very cold -LRB- like , 20s F -RRB- the sensor shuts down . If this goes on long enough , the base loses track of the sensor and you have to manually make it go search again . I do n't believe that this is due to the battery - a new alkaline battery should n't have trouble at this temperature , they certainly work OK in other devices I own.Their web site has a FAQ that indicates this might be due to a defect in the sensor unit , and that I should call their customer service . I called their support phone line , and the support person claimed to know nothing about this.This device comes with 2 sensors , but there 's really little value to the second one . Perhaps if I could place them both outside and the base would consolidate the readings to compensate for outages like I described , or artificially heating a sensor by sunlight , then they would be useful . But that 's not how it works . Maybe if you want to monitor your garage ... Sitting on my desk next to a window in an office building in New Jersey , it 's not able to receive the synchronization signal from the atomic clock . I 've got to bring it outside to synchronize itself.Addendum
 I have had the unit for a few years and would not reccomend it . I purchased it primarily for the remote temprature capability . I have a pumphouse that I wanted to monitor the temerature in as well as outside temp . The temperature from the remotes worked pretty good when new but now does n't at all and the weather forcasting capability has gone down the tubes as well . It will show sun on a rainy day and rain on a sunny day . The atomic clock is nice though and that still works .
 These cushions are good . They arrived on time and were in every way as promised.They are really expensive for what you get and cost me about 50 % more than a pair I had ordered earlier this summer.Would not have ordered same cushions again at this price , but I wanted them to match .
 I purchased this sprinkler as a gift . I recently learned that while the water distance was great , it only worked for 2 , I repeat , 2 uses ! I am very unhappy with the fact that I wasted my money on this product ...
 These cushions are good . They arrived on time and were in every way as promised.They are really expensive for what you get and cost me about 50 % more than a pair I had ordered earlier this summer.Would not have ordered same cushions again at this price , but I wanted them to match .
 This album is a spectacular example of how the music industry 's marketing-driven ` electronica ' BS ruined things going into the latter part of the 1990s . Prior to this , System 7 did `` Power of Seven '' , which although it was a little unfocussed in spots also contained some intricate and beautiful work , particularly the driving `` Interstate '' and the `` Osmosis Suite '' trilogy of tracks . But _ this _ ... is an atrocious piece of work , an obvious attempt by Hillage to cash in on the whole ` Big Beat ' and drum-n-bass mess foisted off on people as marketable ` electronica ' of the period . Consequently , it sounded dated by the time the record hit the street , and really does n't satisfy . Compared to all of the previous System 7 releases , which I listen to from time to time , I think this has been in my player all of twice ... once to hear it , and twice to go back and wonder ` gee ... was that System 7 ? How could it suck so _ bad _ ? ' Spend your cash on the rest of their stuff , but give this a pass .
 I 'm not sure if this is the fault of the feeder , but the birds in my yard refuse to drink out of this thing . I have many flowers in my yard , they just ignore this thing and go straight for the flowers . I tried placing it near flowers . I even tried placing flowers on it . They just totally ignore it as if it 's not there.I put the proper mix of sugar/water and everything . I guess this only works if you have no flowers in your yard .
 I find this feeder to be really messy . This is my second disk hummingbird feeder , the previous one being a Perky Pets product that I had to replace since the threads stripped on the hanger rod after so many years . I wanted a disk feeder to use with our heater during ice storms and thought Droll Yankees would be a good choice since the Perky Pet product was too large for my hummingbird population . It has not worked out . There is a rim on the bottom in the middle -LRB- for screwing onto a ground post -RRB- that causes the disk to be unstable when you are filling and placing the top on . And , be sure you do n't let the nectar in the feeder slosh around unless you feel like cleaning up the trail of sugar drops left behind from the kitchen to the feeder sight and on your shoes . I have tried not filling it too full -LRB- not an issue with my previous feeder -RRB- with no effective results . If you buy this feeder , be sure and bring your wet towel with you for mopping !
 These cushions are good . They arrived on time and were in every way as promised.They are really expensive for what you get and cost me about 50 % more than a pair I had ordered earlier this summer.Would not have ordered same cushions again at this price , but I wanted them to match .
 I have had this item for several months and it has been nothing but trouble . The atomic clock setting does n't work more often than not . The remote seldom works . I contacted customer support . Their belated answers are not helpful and condescending . I 'd give this 0 stars if that was an option .
 Arrived ripped . It is very light and moves with the wind which is pretty commone where I live . Was n't worth my time to return it
 We bought one of these for camping , and while it is pretty good sized -LRB- covers most of the surface of a picnic table -RRB- it 's rather flimsy and cheaply made . I would n't have paid what I did , except that it qualified for the free s/h through Amazon ! In any case , it 's handy to have and does n't get used everyday ... so if we are gentle with it , it should last along time .
 The product pictured is exactly what I am looking however what I received was NOT this product . It was at least less than half the size and made out of an ugly pink lace-like material . I have had problems trying to get this company to work with me to correct this problem and will NEVER order from them again .
 This is a good example of getting what you pay for -- this is a cheap item , and that shows in the quality/construction . I did n't realize it has a random fringe of lace around the bottom -- it looks like there was n't enough material to finish the cover so the lace was added as an afterthought . This will do the job and last for the summer , but if I had it to do over again , I would have spent a few dollars more for something a bit nicer .
 I love the concept of this product , as we picnic by the pool frequently . But this product is only for those who like to put back together those little travel umbrellas you buy at the dollar store . Otherwise , save your money as this product is poorly constructed .
 This cover will fit over ten dishes on a table . Unfortunately , it is extremely poor quality . It works like an umbrella to pop it up . It arrived with the `` umbrella '' arms all rusty . The mesh net is very thin and flimsy . It would blow off the table with the slightest bit of wind . My preference is for the individual covers . Would give it zero stars if I could
 I bought this food cover thinking it would hold up in slighty drafty area . It was in my backyard . I had a barbeque and needed the largest food cover possible . Yes it did cover what I needed covered but the slightest wind blew it off the food and into my pool . I do not recommend this product for any windy areas . If you do buy this product I suggest you reinforce the edges to hold it down .
 Cushion a little narrow and not soft.Would be better if made with tufts and not so many sections.Ties are not easy to secure .
 Cushion a little narrow and not soft.Would be better if made with tufts and not so many sections.Ties are not easy to secure .
 I had this brush maybe 2 weeks before all the bristles started falling off . If you want hundreds of little white bristles in your pool this is the brush for you . Products like this should be banned ... they are a complete rip off . Basically just junk we imported from China .
 Buttons that lock the brush into the extension wand do n't secure well so brush slips off . Not worth the trouble to return so I get what I paid for - cheaply made product .
 The part of the brush that fits into the pole is too short and the prongs that are supposed to keep it in place do n't stick out far enough . Result is the brush falls out of the pole within seconds of trying to use it . Should have known the $ 6 price was too good for a reason . No point in returning it since postage cost is equal to the product price .
 Bought this brush in Feb 2011 . Would not stay connected to pole if you pushed on it too hard which you have to do to clean the pool . Then about six months later the bristles started to fall out littering the pool . At that point I stopped using it and went to HD and bought the Pool Master Aluminum one for $ 14.98 . Should have done that in the first place .
 For the money there is one bad thing i can say about this BUT that is why it will go in the trash.The pins that attach to your scoping pole are to small . So when you push or pull through the water , the pressure dislodges the brush from your pole . Luckily it floats , but still no good.Spend the couple dollars more and get a better quality/designed one .
 Worked okay for a few months . Then the bristles started falling out at a very high rate . This made is useless . The only redeeming quality was the low price . Do n't buy . Get a higher quality brush unless you only need to use it for a very limited number of uses .
 This is a terrible pool brush ! IMMEDIATELY upon first use we ran into our 1st problem . I thought I would n't have the troubles other reviewers have mentioned ... I was wrong ! The clip -LRB- where it attaches to the pole -RRB- does NOT work . My hubby made a `` work-around '' fix so we could use the brush , so I thought , ok we can make this work . Hold on , I 'm not done , it gets worse before it gets better . The bristles fall out -LRB- all without me even noticing or being aware -RRB- . So when we go to check the filter baskets , WHAT A MESS . There are bristles all mucked up in the filter baskets , causing havoc on our system . So I repeat DO N'T buy this thing , it will cost you far more than you 'll save ! A super stupid purchase on our part .
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 Biscuits were wrong size . No where in the ads did it mention the measurement in inches . R2 is too small and I do n't know what is one twice that size for the DBJ50 Ryobi cutter ????
 That is , if the device is run constantly . Received the following from Flowtron Customer Support today , in response to my inquiry about one of the 3 bulbs for the device failing after only 6 months -LRB- device has a 1 year warranty -RRB- , despite the fact that I left it on constantly -- as the manual recommends in bold letters -- and despite the fact that the manual states that the bulbs should need replacement only once per year : `` The owners manual states `` For best results your fly control shouldoperate 24 Hours a day ,7 Days a week '' , however you should also take into account your personal needs , such as whether the unit is used outside or inside and if used outside whether or not you decide to run it when there is no human activity present . Is it practical or necessary to run it 24/7 to meet your needs ? The manual says `` Bulbs should be replaced every 12 months of operation to ensure maximum output of the invisible ultraviolet frequency range '' . This is because there is a special coating inside the fluorescent bulb glass that can deteriorate over time and not allow for maximum U.V. output . We have found that any of our units that run on a 24/7 mode will have a bulb life expectancy of approximately 6 months . Based on this my recommendation would be that the bulb needs replacement due to normal wear.If you have any other questions please let me know.Thank you , BrianCustomer Service `` Since the bulbs cost at least $ 35 each , this means that if you run the device constantly , it will cost some $ 210 to maintain annually . If you add in the $ 28 or so that it takes to replace the bulb starters -LRB- which also need periodic replacement , according to Flowtron , and seem to be only available at Flowtron 's website -RRB- about once per year , the annual maintenance for the device is at least equal to the purchase price -LRB- $ 240 , in my case -RRB- -- which is really too bad , since the device most certainly gets the job done , for as long as the bulbs last .
 Bought this to get rid of the pesky year round south fla mosquitoes . Been using it for a couple of months now . It kills everything except mosquitoes and that really sux.I 'm not very impressed by the build quality either . The top plastic cover does not fit correctly and is held by a single tiny off-center screw . If you hand the unit by the provided hook , the whole weight of the unit would be on the tiny screw and I do n't think it would take very long before the whole thing comes crashing down to the ground.Definitely would not recommed this unit against mosquitoes . The two stars are just because it kills everything else .
 I buy tons of things from Amazon after reading reviews and doing my own research and it rarely happens that product does not work as advertised . This is one of those rare cases . I bought this product with high hopes and relief that it would help me get rid of my indoor flies problem because this is highly rated and top of the line product and it 's designed for that . Guess what ? This product may be # 1 for outdoor use but for indoor flies , it 's a piece of junk . As soon as I received it , I fired this monster inside my house following all the instruction and placed it where I could see multiple flies . I was hoping that it would start working right a way as soon as I turn it on ... nothing happens for first 5 , 10 , 15 ... 60 minutes . Without losing hope , I thought I may be expecting a lot more from this unit ... so I kept this unit on for whole night . This morning when I am checking to see if there are any results ... not even a single fly and I see them flying all over my place . Do n't waste your money on this junk for indoor use . It does not work . -LRB- not that I had faulty unit but it does not work as advertised for indoor flies -RRB- .
 The eagle was in two pieces which required two finishing screws to connect . The screws were missing . I had to buy them separately from Ace Hardware .
 tore at seams in 20 mph wind . the manufacturer used the cheapest and weakest material they coud find . NO GOOD
 This did not hold up very long . We got it just a few months ago and it is already torn .
 I bought this as an online alternative to the ones at the store which I figured to be over-priced . Silly me . First winter -LRB- the grill and cover both are under 6 months old -RRB- and ALL 4 corners have teared .
 I 'm not sure if I got the wrong product or something different from everyone else , but my experience with this grill cover is horrible . I put it on my grill that requires a 68 inch cover . I attached the two velcro pieces on each end properly , and within a week wind -LRB- or something -RRB- caused the grill cover to tear at the corners of the grill . It was n't torn when being put on , and it was n't taken off or adjusted even once before this happened . The grill is a Char-Broil TRU-Infrared and the corners are not overly sharp .
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 This review is for the whole unit , including the bag.Oh where do I begin ??? This Pentair Legend Platinum cleaner makes me CRAZY ! First off , -LRB- # 1 -RRB- the thing will not clean my deep end . The hose is long enough , but it never seems to make it down there and stay long enough to clean up anything . We have adjusted the pressure , and the direction of the jets , to no avail . # 2 -RRB- The little bugger gets so wrapped up in its hose that we find it tied up in knots almost daily . # 3 -RRB- Like one other user posted , the hose gets caught up in the cleaner and wedged into between itself and the front wheel all the time . # 4 -RRB- When it DOES pick up something into its bag , you ca n't get the unit out of the water to take the bag off without loosing most of the bags contents back into the pool from the bottom side . The rubber flapper inside does n't keep anything in the bag . SO once the unit stops running , the contents simply dumps back out into the water . # 5 -RRB- Assuming you have anything left in the bag to dump , the velcro at the top of the bag refuses to stay closed so that you can place it back in the water secured.We 've only had our pool since Aug 09 , so we have n't looked around at replacing the Pentair , but I believe we 've given it enough `` time '' to pass a valid judgment on it ... it 's failed miserably ! We will be looking at other units very soon . God luck to you !
 The coating did not last and just peeled off . Now I just have a plain black pastic thingy but I still put water in it for the birds . Now they can skate around on it .
 Hard to start and once you stop it after running the saw it is equally difficult to restart it . I should have stuck with an Echo . My last one served me well for 25 years .
 I ordered this because the description says it fits the Husqvarna 435 chainsaw . This is not correct . This chain is WAAAAAY to short for the 435 . I had to return it and buy the replacement chain at Lowe 's for $ 20 .
 This worth 12 $ not more . The 3/4hp does ' t output 200mph . The ouput is not more than an hair dryer and very cheap .
 I agree with Debbie B 's review . This item is cheap and does not stand the test of time . I did n't even have it one month before it was completely flat ! Very unhappy and expected better from this store - ESPECIALLY considering the high price and expensive shipping .
 I could n't be more dissapointed . This is a $ 5 item in my estimation , certainly not a $ 23-plus-shipping investment . Too bad I ordered an item with no customer reviews . Apparently others were more astute than I and could tell by looking at it in the photo that it was only a piece of neoprene foam in some cheap fabric . Your derriere will not notice any significant cushioning !
 After less than one year of owning this product , the sides began to crumble . It is not made of slate . It is made of cheap cardboard . When I called Beckett 's customer service department , the woman told me that it was made in China and that the company was not responsible for what was done there . This is a good example of US businesses wanting large profits and cutting corners to produce substandard products that they will not stand behind . Do not waste your money . Look for a fountain that is actually made of slate and do not purchase anything by Beckett , as they do not stand by their products .
 We purchased both this coffee table and the 3 seat sofa . The first sofa that arrived exhibited the same problem that others have reported with broken welds . We contacted Amazon and they arranged replacement of the sofa . The second sofa came in with the same broken weld issue and my wife refused delivery . Amazon again was very responsive and we are returning both the sofa and coffee table . The coffee table is of acceptable quality and has no issues . However , you can tell that welds are poorly done and I would not expect it to last for more than several years . The old axiom of `` you get what you pay for '' rings true for these items . If you are looking for bargin patio furniture that will let you get by for a few years until you can get higher quality furniture , then this may work for you but I would caution that you inspect each piece carefully before accepting delivery.Amazon had done their part in providing exceptional customer service so I would give them 5 stars but these items get 1 star at best .
 I purchased this item at a considerable discount from Amazon Warehouse Deals . The description said that the packaging was damaged but that the heater had been inspected and found to be undamaged . I figured for the price it was worth the risk . When it arrived I found that the door had been completely torn off its hinges and the parts were laying loose in the bottom of the box . The sides and rear panel were dented in and the mount for one of the wheels had been bent upwards so far that the heater could not be rolled . I used to own an auto restoration shop , so I was able to make all the repairs in a couple of hours , but I have all the proper tools and equipment laying around . I think for the average citizen without access to a fully equiped shop this could have been a real challenge.I am a big fan of DCS products and could n't be happier with the heater now that it is fixed up . I really wanted one of these but was having trouble justifying the high price realtive to others on the market . It all worked out in the end , I just think people need to be aware of what you could be getting into by purchasing a `` bargain '' from Amazon Warehouse Deals .
 I did my research on pressure washers and like the previous review I had found that the way to go was a Honda GX engine and a CAT pump . A local large retailer just put this pressure washer on sale . I went and looked at the display model and sure enough Honda GX engine and CAT pump . I bought the unit brought it home and opened the box . Now the pump area is surrounded by a plastic cover secured by Torx bolts -LRB- just to make it harder to take the cover off . -RRB- I pulled off the cover and there is some no name cheapo aluminum pump with `` Made in Taiwan '' stamped on it . I did not appreciate the bait and switch and wrote Dewalt a letter telling them so . Still have n't decided if I 'll return the unit or keep it and hope for the best . Just wanted to let future buyers know , you may want to try a different manufacturer that does n't put profit before quality.Tim O'Brien
 I have had my Dewalt pressure washer for a year . Great price and service from Amazon but the Honda engine is very over rated . Hard to start and fuel system clogs very easily even with a can of the honda fuel storage added . I have already had to put a new carburator on it . what a pain !!!!!!
 Got my father this power washer for a present . The honda engine is terrible . Starts once . After first tank either will not start or if does , it does not stay running . Ca n't restart it . He always spoked highly of Honda engines and now they make his blood pressure go through the roof . Shame on you Honda
 I purchased these fan trellises for my plants in my garden that were getting taller and needed something to help guide their growth . The product is fairly well designed , but not the quality I expected for the price , and they do not arrive anywhere near ready for installation.Pros
 I have to say that the con to this devices is the spit itself ... come on why would make a spit in two pieces attached by a nut that bind the two pieces together ... to me it seems it is the weakest point in the whole device . I broke mine while I was tightening it ... luckily I ran out to buy a cheap rotisserie for the 1 piece spit it contained ... The spit need to be sturdy and appears to be flimsy ... stay away from this one.Char-Broil 2584727 Deluxe Electric Rotisserie
 I was n't sure about buying this rotisserie after reading other negative reviews and wish I had n't . It did n't even make it to the grill . The rod comes in 2 parts that have to be screwed in , one into the other , and the threaded end snapped off before it was even tightened down all the way . This is clearly not well-made and I would guess if it had made it into use , something else would have failed later on .
 Char-Broil is generally known as having a pretty good product line ; this is not one of them . The spit is a two piece affair that is assembled by screwing one half into the other half with a washer between them . The problem is that the threaded portion is too long to be tightened down to the other half ; so it breaks as you attempt to tighten it down as instructed by the sheet accompanying the product . However , based on other reviews -LRB- which I wish I had read prior to purchasing the product -RRB- this is not new news , so let me add dealing with Char-Broil . Had I purchased this item locally , I would have brought it back to the seller and demanded either a refund or a new one . Since that is not what happened , I contacted Char-Broil . Even though this product has no warranty information on or in the box I knew I would get some satisfaction if I harangued them enough . Surprisingly it was n't all that difficult , once I explained to the customer service rep what the problem was and that the item had not been used yet he said they could fix the problem and make it right , then he asked where I purchased it . When I said Amazon , he said that I would have to send the item back to Char-Broil -LRB- using a trackable service -RRB- and they would replace it ; however , here is the rub , I had to send the entire item back , including the parts I had already assembled on the grill . So , I took all the parts back off the grill , then put them back in the box and marked the box with the RMA number supplied and using the shipping box it came in from Amazon , I repacked it and shipped it via UPS to Char-Broil , at my expense.The day after it arrived in Georgia -LRB- where it was being shipped -RRB- I received an automated email from Char-Broil requesting that I contact them in reference to my item returned . When I contacted them , I found that what they wanted was a credit card to charge $ 8.95 for shipping and handling to return my replacement product to me . Needless to say , this did not go over well with me and after some discussion they decided to return it at their expense . Be forewarned , Char-Broil 's warranty on ALL items is that the consumer pays shipping in both directions . I hate to think what would happen if there was something wrong with my grill!When the replacement item gets back to me , I will see if the threaded portion still appears too long to fit into the other side and if so , I am going to grind it down some until it fits easily and rely on the lock washer to keep the two halves together .
 Everything is fine with this except for the spit . It is a two piece contraption that has no strength . It worked fine for the first two times I used it but just now as I was roasting two chickens it broke and dumped our dinner into the flames . DO N'T BUY IT .
 The split design of the spit is very weak . When assimbling the spit rod -LRB- 2 Pieces -RRB- the thredded end broke off before it was even seated . Amazons return policy is good . They supplied me with a postage label for the return .
 The rod was not a complete part . It was a 2 piece scew on part . The threads were not quality and it stripped and snapped off while screwing it on . The motor gear hesitates during rotation . Would send it back but is a hassle .
 The rod broke the first time I used it . Says it handles a 15 lb . capacity and unfortunatley that was n't true . Just started the return process and hope that the replacement works better than the first one .
 When I generally think of Char-broil , I think of good quality . Unfortunately , this Rotisserie has one MAJOR FLAW , the spinning rod comes in 2 pieces and the screw that hold them together breaks very easily . After only 2 uses , this rod broke in half . I called Char-broil about the issue and they would not do anything about it . They do n't even sell any of the pieces seperately to replace the rod . I 've VERY unhappy with this product and would tell you NOT to buy it .
 I was very diisappointed with this product since I used it twice before it snapped in half . Im going to try and return it for a new one . Hopefully the next one will last !
 The spit bar comes in two pieces and must be screwed together . This is a weak joint and you can not make it tight without breaking the screw completely off in the other bar . Poor design , weak design . Also , the `` competed '' bar is much too long for my Char-Broil two burner grill . In fact , almost a foot too long ! This is the Rotisserie that Char-Broil recommended on their web site for this grill . Looks like I will have to cut the bar to a usable length . Disappointed in this Char-Broil Deluxe Electric Rotisserie !!
 I was excited for this item to arrive , but unfortunately the threads on the rotisserie rod were badly marred and stripped . Horrible disappointment ... Returned for refund ~ Thank amazon .
 It has been over 3 months , and I am still waiting for Amazon to be able to deliver this product . They continue to give a shipping estimate , than continue to extend the delivery estimate another month . Has happened 3 times now . Originally ordered early august and still do not have the product .
 The tool is made of bent sheet metal and lasted for only about 40 bulbs until the arms started to bend and buckle to the point it was unusable . The design does not tolerate much torsion from twisting and turning ; definitely not recommended for heavy , clay soils .
 We ordered 2 Mac Motion Chairs . After a very quick delivery I unpacked and installed the parts . I liked the fabric and the frame was well made . The memory foam was firm and a little stiff and we expected it to mold to our bodies , one 6 feet the other 5 . After a few days we were unable to enjoy the chairs because of the firm back-rest . It would continue to be somewhat painful and only various pillows would bring relief . Lucky for us , we bought the chairs from Amazon and after de-installation and repacking we returned these items . Our recommendation is to find a show-room and sit on the chairs for a while to see if they really fit . We could not find a showroom for Mac Motion chairs in our area -LRB- the one listed seems to have gone -RRB- .
 This is an attractive chair , fit for a king -- if he has a back devoid of feeling . I have rarely sat in a less comfortable chair that LOOKED so comfortable . I am certain that others may find it ok ... but both my husband and I found that the lower back was bereft of support , in exactly the area where it is really needed . Marvelous fabric and good construction is wasted on a very ergonomically poor design ... a pitiful waste of good workmanship and materials .
 Chair bottom is collapsing after one week causing the locking system underneath to rub hole in bottom lining of seat . The chair seat is lower than most furniture couch or chair seat height making it uncomfortable to get in and out of .
 I bought this stupidly thinking it was nylon . It is not . It is thin wisps of plastic melted together in squares . It can really only easily be applied with a staple gun so if your trellis is made of pipe like mine is , it is very difficult to attach it . I put pressure on the squares to see what is needed to break them and it did n't take much . This is not worth buying even if it 's the cheapest trellis you can find .
 I received a refund for this product ; one of the most important dimensions , netting square size , was only 2 `` x 2 '' and too small for vertical growing of plants with large leaves like cucumbers , beans , and squash . Unfortunately this dimension was not listed in the product description .
 This was a gift for my mom . She liked the look of it a lot and put it in her flower garden . We 're not sure how , but the rain gauge part broke quickly . There was n't any info on how to replace it .
 This product is nowhere near as bright as it is in the picture - it could barely -LRB- and I tried -RRB- light up a hot tub ...
 Ordered two , one came torn wire where battery connects . Lights are so dim that nothing reflects at pool . Do not waste money buying this product .
 not very strong lighting , never got much show in the pool but my granddaughter -LRB- 8 yo -RRB- uses it as a show light for background to put on singing shows
 It would be ok for a small pool or hot tub but a 30 x 14 is just ca n't do the job you see in the pictures . You get what you pay for
 did not have any effect in my pool which is not that big ... very disappointing product , the light was dim and it did not cover the pool , pictures are very misleading
 Cant see the lights unless its in a baby pool . Like a pool that is two feet deep.Dont buy it unless that is what you plan on using it for
 THE PRODUCT IS NOT BRIGHT ENOUGH , AND FOR THE AMOUNT PAID IT SHOUL HAVE A TIGHT SEAL . I USED IT MAYBE 2 NIGHTS BECAUSE WATER GOT IN AND NOW IT IS USELESS .
 The picture is very deceiving . This product barely puts out any light at all . The light that did come out was nothing like the picture . You would have to have at least 4 of them to light a 16 '' pool . I was very disappointed .
 I have two of these that I bought at a Pinch A Penny . They ARE neat . That is all . They do not light up a pool . They do not light up a porch . They might light up a bathtub , but the colors are n't as cool as the ones in the photo . Total waste of money .
 bought this at a local pool supply shop . Could n't see the lights during the day so I was waiting for a night swim . By the time I was able to go in at night , it was n't working . switched out the batteries and it still was n't working . I 've tried letting it dry out for a couple weeks but it is made to break . Please do n't waste your money .
 I was very excited to purchase this item for my daugthers birthday pool party ... But was very very dissapointed with the result . First it is only visible the absolute darkness , and my pool is 18x36 so it said to get more than 1 so I ordered 2 , the lights only shine directly below the floating light ... not all over the sides and bottom like the picture shows ... I would need 20 + for it to appear like the picture ... Do n't waste your money
 I bought this pool light show in mid-July and the thing doesnt work after the first use . The lights are hardly visable in the water and are no where near what the picture shows . I was so looking forward having this light for our pool and all I can say is save your money this is a rip off .
 I found water inside this unit , and quickly disposed of it , it was only few days in the pool after i purchased it .
 HAD TO SEND IT BACK BECUSE IT DID NOT WORK . WHEN I GOT THE NEW ONE BACK I PUT IT IN MY POND AND IT DID NOT DO WHAT IT LOOKED LIKE IT WOULD DO ON THE BOX . DO NOT BUY THIS LIGHT , IT WAS A WAST OF TIME AND MONEY !
 the item came on time , however put in the batteries and had knock it around to get it to work , then it just quit , changed the batteries and it does n't even work !
 In the display image it appears that the item displays colors all across a rather large pool when in reality it only displays colors in about a 4-5 ft ring around the product .
 I have an inground pool and even though we do have a pool light I thought the kids would like multi colors . I was n't thinking it would cover the whole pool but I did think it would cover the size of an above ground pool . NOT the case . It covers a VERY small area and yes it is pretty to look at & has more then one pattern of lights its barely visible , hope this helps anyone looking to purchase .
 I went through three of these pieces of crap and not one of them worked or worked consistently.The first one the fountain would not work , the second the post that you screw that battery cap onto broke , and the third one worked okay for an hour and shot the crap.I even purchased their so called ` new and improved ' -LRB- basically same pos in a different package -RRB- and still had issues with it.Not user-friendly at all considering the price paid for something that simply glows and spits out water.I would not recommend wasting your money on this product .
 You really need lots of them to illuminate your swimming pool . They ended in the bathtube were my kids play with them . I was very dissappointed ...
 I bought it for my in ground pool which is about 10 X 20 feet , and unfortunately it did not work very well ... I believe that for my pool I would need 3 or 4 of those to have a nice effect . Also , after approximately 1 week , the green lights just stopped working .
 I bought this in hopes that it would show in my little pool but really it is not even a quarter as bright as the pictures . In the pitch black , I can barely see it shining at all .
 This LED light was n't very bright . It did n't shine over a large surface area , and was nowhere near as bright as the photo . I even tried different sets of new batteries .
 It barely covers a couple feet . You ca n't even see the lights unless you have every other light in the area off . The pool does n't show the spots either , just blurred color . Barely . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this Aqua Glow for my 16 yr old daughhter for X'mas . It was bit of fun for the spa.We have a charcoal pool so the lights do n't reflect in our pool . I recommend it if you have a light tiled pool and you would need 2 or 3 units for a disco effect in a large -LRB- 10 person -RRB- Spa.Otherwise it is made of good quality , solid plastic , well sealed from water getting in to the battery unit.A bit of fun !!
 I bought two of these for my hot tub . LOVED them they were a great accent to the nigh time . They last a few weeks then died . I figured it was just the batteries but i tried switching them with brand new ones and NOTHING !! i am sooooooo disappointed because we all really enjoyed them .
 I bought 3 of these lights - even with the 3 it did n't show - they must have had tons in the pool to make it look this good
 I read all the other reviews , and all I can say is that this product is just plain and simple JUNK ! I have a pool of 18x36 feet , and when you place this floater in it , nothing happens at all ! The depth of a normal pool prevents this device from projecting the colors to the ground . Do n't get fooled by this picture in the advertisement . It is completely misleading ! In the shallow end , where the depth is about 2 feet , you could make out some dingy , tiny circles , and over a surface of maybe ONE square foot !!! What a disappointment ! 20 bucks to waste is maybe not the end of the world , but to me , it is , because I hate being `` taken '' . So beware ! Keep your money for something useful !
 I saw the pictures , read the reviews and could n't wait to see the light in action . Disappointment with a capital `` D '' ! The range of the projected lights was 1.5 ' in diameter - maybe 2 ' , which is fine for your average kiddie pool but for a large , adult-sized pool - plan on buying 15-20 of these to get the effect shown in the pictures . In my opinion this product was grossly misrepresented !!
 This product does not live up to the claims nor the picture . It does not glow the way they claim it does . I have an above ground pool and the water stays clear and the AquaGlow can barely be seen on the bottom of the pool . It shines great out of water though . I replace the batteries several time thinking that would help , it did n't . Do not buy this product . You 'll be disappointed !!
 Okay , so I bought this product thinking `` oh my god this will be great '' and when it arrived I was extremely excited to try it out . Setting it up was easy and I quickly had it in the water . The lights were not as dark and vibrant as the pictures online depicted , in fact , I am guessing that to get that type of effect you would need about six of these lights ! The first week I used this product it was okay . The lights worked and was somewhat pretty in the small area it worked of the pool and then after a week or so it broke ! The water had seeped into the battery compartment . I tried to dry out and clean up but I could never get this product to work again . Considering I purchased the biggest type of this light , paying fifty dollars , this product was so not worth it ! I would not recommend this product to others .
 Picture does not look anything like shown . We only have a 16 foot pool andwould probably need at least four more to look even close to picture . Very disappointed .
 this is shown in pool & packaging says for tub . my pool looks like one displayed but picture they have on there it does n't show anything like this . If nbuying for pool you need to buy 10 - 20 to get that effect if for tub is ok . I think it 's a joke to show item like picture displayed . very discieving .
 The on/off button on this light stopped working the first time it was in the pool , so we 've had to take the batteries out everytime we wanted to turn it off . The batteries tend to fall out of place whenever there are waves in the pool and it gets to be a pain in the butt to keep putting them back in place - especially if there are kids in the pool . Works better as decoration when no one is planning on swimming , but I think that kind of defeats the purpose .
 Do n't believe the photo showing the light effects . It in NO way fills the entire pool with such full circles of light . Just a small area , very little dots and you need complete darkness to see anything . Big let down this product is . Maybe use in a bathtub for the kids ... seriously poor product .
 I live in a pitch black country town . I still could not see the light in the pool . It was more like a blur of lights . Not worth the money . However , it does work in the bathtub for the kids . Nice way to get them in the tub .
 i read the reviews saying 1 wasnt enough for people 's pools , so i bought 2 thinking it would be enough for my above ground pool , sadly it was n't . my pool is a decent size , i think 24 round 4ft deep , and 2 is definitely not enough , maybe if i bought another 5-6 lights and my whole pool would be lit . the light when it 's in the pool reaches down to the floor , but it doesnt spread out far , maybe a foot around the item . also it has to be like pitch black outside for you to see the lights , but its so pretty . theres also like 3-4 different light speeds . the aquaglow itself was bigger than i expected , and they sent me different colored tops -LRB- an orange and a yellow one -RRB- from the pictures they showed which is no big deal . unfortunately i do n't think i 'll be purchasing this product again , and i probably wo n't use it in my pool besides from when i tested it , but it 's in my room as a colorful night light :-RRB- * also i paid like an extra 10 $ for 1 day delivery cause i wanted to try it before my pool party , but i did n't expect to have to sign for it at delivery . i was n't home when UPS came on friday , so i didnt get it til monday annnnd the UPS guy didnt even wait this time , they just left it on my porch -- i pretty much lost my one day shipping money and time but i guess that was my fault , but i just thought i 'd throw that in there .
 Product lights up very small area . My pool is small and 4.5 ft at the deepest party . I think I would need at least 4 of these to give an effect similar to the picture . Very ineffective .
 The picture shows the entire pool lit up from one floating light . This is defiantly not the case . Even in the darkest setting it 's a joke . I used it late at night when it was pitch dark out and it was not at all what I expected . I guess it would be like the picture shows if I had bought 20 of them and crowded my pool full of floating debris .
 Do n't expect to see the beautiful colors shown in the pictures of the product on internet ... That 's 100 % photoshop ... In the real world the light is weak ... I tried to use it in my SPA -LRB- 2m x 1,8 m -RRB- but the AquaGlow batteries loose connection if there 's any vibration ... if it moves , the light will turn off ... No , I do n't recommend it to a friend ...
 It does n't even work and I tried everything from making sure I followed the instructions , Changing batteries , tried again multiple different times and It has not worked . Not even for a moment . It was a waste of money and time . Rip-off
 The lights would be great if they worked . It worked for about 5 minutes . We thought we would wait until dark and try it . One light only worked so we changed the batteries just thinking that could be the problem and still only one light would work . NOW no lights at all work . The packaging was tossed so I am out the funds . NOT HAPPY .
 the picture makes you think it will light up the entire pool . It only puts a small circle of light around the light . If you had it in a kiddie pool it may light the whole pool , but for a regular size pool , save your money .
 I was very excited about buying this product to light up the pool during my son 's birthday party but it did n't work very well . It is supposed to range from 10-15 feet but only ranges maybe 6-8 feet . Also has to be pitch black for it to work -LRB- somewhat dark is not enough for it to work at all -RRB- .
 i order two light a big and a small one and they barely make a difference in my pool . i put them in for my house warming party and it didnt catch anyones eye ! not what i expected ... and i am going to get my money back .
 I installed the outside sensor in my 1988 4Runner per instructions . The indicated temperature while driving is 15 to 20 degrees above true ambient -LRB- Colorado mountains ambient 10 , indicator up to 30 -RRB- . I 'm going to try putting the sensor somewhere else on the vehicle in hopes that engine heat is affecting it where it is now . If it works acceptably , I 'll update this review -LRB- I promise -RRB- .
 This unit works good . Thye only problem is when it gets up to 100 deg + the glue that holds the display on loosens and it falls and hangs by the cord . Looking for something that has better glue .
 The low price of this product should not justify the poor operativeness of the same , definitely do not waste your money on this piece of plastic , it worked for me for no more than three months after then it begins to show erroneous readings until it stops working.But as you always says after such experiences , you got what you paid for .
 This unit lasted for about 12 months before it died . Replacing the battery did not bring the device back to life . For the cost of $ 10 , it didnt leave me feeling too badly about its loss . But I 'm looking for a device that will last a bit longer .
 The display numbers are maybe okay for some , but for me I needed larger numbers to be able to glance at it while driving . The night light quit working after a month . So if you ca n't read it , it 's not much use .
 this is complete garbage . i 've enjoyed the temperature reading in other cars but bought this for one that did n't have one . shoulda known better that you ca n't get anything good for this price . the display would not read nor would it read correctly and the adhesive on the sensor & diplay unit fell off . a good unit is impt . especially when you ski & go from rain to ice on roads .
 Well , as they say , you get what you pay for.Quite simply , this device does n't work . It picks up the temperature of the car body as the engine heats up . Moving the sensor did n't help . After I moved mine it not only did n't improve the performance , the sensor fell off because the contact surface was no longer sticky enough . It will give you an initial accurate reading of the outdoor temp , but within 15 minutes or so it goes up - a lot . In a cold climate it 's absolutely worthless . I wanted to know when the temp was close to or below freezing for obvious safety reasons . It 's obvious this thing wo n't help when it says it 's 45 degrees out and it 's snowing.This one is going straight into the trash . It 's outrageous that this thing is even sold .
 Brought this from Wal-Mart . Easy to install , but the display is hard to read day or night . Backlight does not light up the display well . Temperature on mine is about 8 degrees off . Not recommended .
 We bought one of these in November 2007 . It died in July 2008 . Cheap , you get what you pay for .
 The outside sensor failed within a couple of months . Need sharp nails to move switch which operates very hard
 I also wish I would have read the reviews first . Mine lived a whopping two months before dying .
 This unit worked fine for about 14 months . Cord wastoo short for mounting in the grill on my van . Switch hard to move - very stiff .
 I 've gone through about 3 of these in about 4 years . Either the temp starts giving wacky readings or the display fails . They are widely available at stores and the cheapest one on the market , in more than one way .
 I gave this item one star only because I could n't progress to the next step without it . Plain and simple , do n't waste your money , this thing lasted exactly 3 days and stopped working . This is the second one I purchased , the first one made it a whole month before it stopped working . If Amazon.com was smart they would take thing off the shevles and send them all back to Bell Automotive for a refund . It is truely a piece of junk .
 The thermometers are not accurate ... and do n't even match . With the remote probe right next to the unit , they never measured nearly the same . One the time or the inside temp or the outside temp can be displayed ; you must use a small forceful slide switch to see the other reading . The remote sensor is too large to fit through typical engine firewall grommets or other holes , and the wire is permanently attached at both ends . It eats through batteries pretty quickly - less than six months with no use of the backlight.The clock seems accurate enough . But that was n't the main purpose .
 The unit is well built and sturdy and it looks great in the garden.One day the air temperature was 62 and I was cleaning out the leaves from the bath and the water was rather warm . I took the temperature of the water and it was in the 70 's . I had called API earlier and was told that the thermostat came on at about 40 . After a few calls to the company before getting through full voice mailboxes I spoke with a gentleman -LRB- if I remember correctly Phillip -RRB- that explained the thermostat came on at about 40 and would turn off about 75 . When I questioned him about the wide swing he explained that to use a thermostat that was better , the cost would be high . He also told me that if it is unplugged while it is heating the water , when it is plugged back in , no matter the ambient temperature -LRB- 40 to 75 -RRB- it will heat up to the cutoff of about 75 . With a list price of $ 139.99 , I do think these failure should be fixed.There was nothing wrong with the unit according to those specs , so they would not replace the bowl . A week later we had a lot of heavy wind and the bowl was out of water and the hump in the center was rather warm . An email request was sent yesterday to API about the unit turning off when there was no water , and Phillip response was -- `` When no water is present , the unit will continue to cycle the heater . It will turn on , heat up very quickly , and then shut itself off until it cools down . The duty cycle -LRB- time it stays on -RRB- will be less than if it had water in it . `` The first gentleman I spoke with said that the cost to run in the winter months in the upper 48 would be about $ 10 a month .
 The Amazon site does n't give the product dimensions so I researched quite a few other sites for the Onward Mfg Co manufacturers product code 00280 . On nearly every site the boards are listed as having a 3/4 thickness . The other sites do n't give a thickness.What was delivered are boards that are less than 3/8 thick and have a rough cut . For the price of four of these boards , it is better to go with another manufacturer who does n't sell lumber yard quality . I will NEVER order these again !
 I purchased this grill and quickly found out that the design has quite a few flaws . First , the grease caught fire , inadequate grease drain . Second , the compact size caused it to overheat and the heat caused the propane hose to get so hot I thought it was going to melt and explode , so I am no longer using the grill .
 Buried in the specs are the correct dimensions of this product . However if you search the Amazon website for `` flavorizer bars for a Weber Genesis Gold B gas grill '' you will be taken to this product . It may well be wonderful for another grill but it does not fit the Weber Genesis Gold B.
 I ordered these for my Weber Genesis Gold C grill however they do not fit this grill even though the description claims that it does .
 Was not happy with product . Both times had to return item due to condensation inside globe .
 I have always paid to have my chains sharpened . The last two years have required more cutting and more sharpening . Having never bought a sharpener before , I figured , go with Northern since they have been a very solid company . While sharpening my 3rd chain , smoke developed from the motor and in seconds , the motor froze solid . Cheap motor , cheap unit . Wrote the company several times without a response . Not only did I lose $ 41 -LRB- shipping and the unit -RRB- but Northern lost me as a customer - over $ 29.95 . Do n't purchase this unit . You will be very disappointed .
 I bought this tool thinking that I only need to sharpen my blades a few times a year so an inexpensive model should be sufficient for my needs . I was able to sharpen 2 blades the first time I used it and put it away . I went to use it again today and the motor would come on , but the grinding wheel was not spinning . I called the customer service number and since it is under warranty they are going to send me another one . Based on the performance of this one I do n't think it will do much better we will see .
 I recently bought a Propane heater from this company and they dont STAND behind there name on ANY WARRANTY . ITS A DONOT BUY on any of there Products
 I just bought one of these and have not even gotten thru sharpening one chain and the motor has seized up on it . It appears that the motor is so cheap that it does n't have any bearings to it as the case got extremely hot while I was grinding , then the motor started spinning slower , and now it wo n't turn at all ! Things do n't usually break this easily for me , so I was surprised that it was broken so quickly . I 'm going to ask for my money back . As for you-DON ' T BUY THIS MODEL !!
 I noticed that the 2 reviews , both 5 star , were for the east coast . I live in Arizona and the only bird in my yard that will touch these cakes are Ladderback Woodpeckers , and even they just nibble at them . I 'm not sure why . I think it might be how tough the coating is . I watch the birds in the mornings to keep the pigeons out so the littler birds have a chance and the woody seems to work awfully hard to get what morsels they do . By contrast , the Birdola Woodpecker or Beetlemania seed blocks are very popular with all the birds . In fact , that was one of the reasons I switched brands was to find something that would last longer . I can go through a Birdola cake in 3-4 days . They would be ideal if the woodies would warm up to them.One other thing . Half of this order came with 1/4 to half the seedcake covered in mold . No birds touch those until I scrub it off with a wire brush . Even then , I get few takers . It 's a shame . The blocks are big , full of nuts and a good $ 2 cheaper than the smaller Birdola blocks.My bird clientele tends to be a full range of sparrows ; Inca , Mourning , and White-wing Doves , several variety of Wrens , a Thrush or two , the occasional Quail , Blackbird , and Robin , and Ladderback Woodpeckers . Of course , Pigeons -LRB- lots of those -RRB- and even they do n't bother with this brand .
 ... this tool is not thin enough to fit between pavers . I am very disappointed . I had looked at this for a long time before I purchased it because of the price . Now after trying to use it , I would n't have bought it for $ 3.00 . The way it is made , I ca n't even find an alternate use for it .
 This item arrived in hundreds of pieces as it was crushed during shipping . The very lightweight resin column is of poor construction and would not be something you would care to have to show off your gazing ball or other piece . Do n't buy this item . Amazon made it simple to return so I applaud them for that .
 This was my worst online purchase ever . The product was practically packaged in `` paper '' . I had the product shipped twice and both times the product was completely destroyed - torn and crushed boxes , busted product!Finally asked for a refund .
 The item was received in such poor condition that the receipient thought some one had left a box of trash on her door step . When she opened it the mold lines wer very sloppy and looked as though a kindergardener made it . The item had several chips in it . For the price it was a great big dissapointment . And extremely overpriced . I could have gotten this quality at the local dollar store . .
 I always thought the Dewalt name meant quality - was this hose ever a disappointment ! After less than 10 hours of use on a deck and patio , over 25 % of the rubber covering the braided steel peeled away . This resulted in the braid rusting wherever exposed .
 It 's been a long time since I ordered this thermometer . It has never arrived . Are you sure you sent it ??????
 This little device works great for cell phone charges and the like . But I bought it to use my MacBook Pro while traveling in my car -LRB- my partner drives , i ride -RRB- and as soon as i plug it in , it goes out . The Mac Book Pro uses an 85 watt plug in so i thought a 90 watt continuos power adapter would be perfect ... Not . I guess it ca n't handle it so it just checks out.If you only need it for smaller appliances on the go , than it is fine .
 I bought this because everyone talked about the beautiful sound . I do n't know but I guess you have to have ALOT OF WIND to make it chime . I 've only heard it once and that was when Tropical Storm Isaac was heading our way . I have moved it twice to try to get more exposure to wind but it does n't seem to matter . Right now it 's on a high tree with nothing blocking the wind from hitting it . Very unhappy as it was heavy and difficult to hang . I 'd return it but it probably would cost a small fortune to return so I 'm considering it basically a garden sculpture !
 This windbell is beautiful , but I had absolutely no place to hang it . It was way too heavy and was afraid to hang it on anything . I was going to try to hang it in one of my trees , but it wa so much bigger than my tree limbs . The sounds is just beautiful , but no place to hang it . I had to sadly return it .
 After buying two automatic retractable Hozelock 50 foot hoses -LRB- that we love -RRB- I bought this for the extra hose length . It is a very disappointing unit . It tends to bounce around when you are pulling out the hose and can be a pain reeling it back up . I am a big guy and still struggle with it . Pull the nozzle back to the unit as instructed and then sit on it as you crank.Regarding the comments about it only taking the original nozzle I cut off the end and put on a std US hose fitting .
 When my house painter could n't figure out how to use the nozzle , he somehow took apart the hose and lost one of the parts . I looked everywhere on-line for a replacement part , but could not find anything . Finally , I called Hozelock in New York and they sent me a replacement part . They charged me about $ 6 for shipping a part that cost about $ 3 . The system ca n't be used with a regular sprayer or a regular sprinkler . Also , it is hard to reel the hose in . Overall , I do n't think this item is worth the cost . If you need to call Hozelock their number is 1-800-297-7461 .
 This is a very pretty and soft hammock , but because does n't have any crossbars to keep it open , it encloses around you when you lie down in it .
 This ate lightbulbs , and broke within a couple of months . I am very unhappy with this purchase , and wish I had gone with something else .
 The moisture sensor is too sensitive and there 's no way to turn it off.The light bulb lasted 3 months , and the replacement bulb offered seems to be no improvement.The seasonal setting is annoying and there 's no way to turn it off.The seasonal indicator light , plus the constantly flashing indicator light for the moisture sensor -LRB- if you do n't use it , in use it 's a second glowing red light -RRB- , will irritate anyone who gets them in their line of sight for extended periods of time -LRB- office mates -RRB- so you 'll have to find a way to hide them from view .
 I have purchased a few of these now and decided when the next one went &#34; out &#34; I was going to return it , but would n't you know by the time I got around to it the expiration date was a few weeks ago ! I like the looks and having these lights , but the last two or three have not lasted too long -- quality seems to have slipped . barbaraj mungenast
 Decided to buy a special light for my plants after I noticed how good did they feel in the office under the desk lamp when I was out of town . This one seemed to be nice . I did not need special features as the `` season light '' and `` 13-hour light '' though this lamp has it - ok , that 's good . First thing that I noticed is that changing the season does n't change anything in the light . And of course , im not UV-sensitive , but there was no any change in the sound from the turned-on lamp -LRB- the very small sound that is possible to hear ... -RRB- . And the most crucial thing is that this lamp is turning off always after 12-13 hours ... Does n't matter at what season it stays and does n't matter that i did not turn on this regime . Every day in the morning I have to turn off the lamp and turn it on again - to be sure that at least for 12 hours it will give the light ... When I come home it is always off ... I do n't like it at all . In additional to the fact that this lamp needs a special bulb makes this item even worse . The standard desk lamp is much better solution for the plant light then this lamp .
 After two years with this lamp , I am now experiencing a problem with the lamp flashing on and off . No amount of resetting it makes the light stay on now -LRB- and I replaced the bulb for $ 13 which was a waste -RRB- . I would not recommend buying this product ; even though I got 2 good years out of it , there is no reason for it to break like this . Do not buy !
 Unit 1
 I thought this would be great for the office , but it does n't do most of what it said it does . The timer does n't work at all as far as I can tell ... I left it plugged in for more than a day and it never turned off . The `` season '' modes do change the LEDs , but do n't seem to affect the timing any . The probe is n't very sensitive -- it only shows `` water '' when I pull it completely out of the soil .
 I have owned 3 of these . This will be the last one I own . The first one the bulb went out . I bought another bulb but it still did not work . I bought another bulb and the unit still did not work . So I bought a whole new unit . Two months later the light went out . I wrote Amazon and they replaced it with a new unit . Everything went well . They took the old one back that was not working . I plugged in the third and final unit and it worked perfectly . I have had this unit for maybe less than a week and the light is not working again . I will never buy this again . Although , it is a great idea it just does n't work . Would n't buy!T . G.
 I bought this for the office , brought it in in the box . Unpacked it here , plugged it in and it lit up . Set it to spring . Two weeks later and it is not lighting up at all . tried different sockets for the plug . Nothing . Since it worked for a week I threw the box away so now I ca n't return it . Lame . Never buying Glentronic again .
 At first , I loved it . The only problem was waking up early to get it plugged in and running to normal daylight hours ; but then , barely one month later , it 's dead . Not just the bulb either . So now I have a big black paper weight that I have to figure out how to return/replace . I hope this is just bad luck and the new one works for a lot longer than 30 days . Amazon , what gives ?
 Initially I asked Amazon for a replacement for this before I found out they were going to authorize my card for the amount of the product . They would then presumably cancel the authorization after they received the defective product . I do n't make MY customers do this when a part is obviously bad and I do n't appreciate it.This WAS a great light while it worked , but after 2 months it quit . Tapping the head sometimes gets the light to come back on , but pretty sure the ballast is garbage .
 I bought this light for an office without windows and liked it for a small plant . But , when the light bulb burned out in about a month I found that there is no generic replacement bulb and their replacement bulb is $ 12.95 . You can only find the bulbs online so you have to factor in shipping , too . Do the math . You will spend enough in one year for replacement bulbs to make buying fresh flowers from the grocery store more convenient . I am junking it and getting out while I can . Expensive lesson in checking out replacement parts before buying something .
 I bought this for my Venus fly traps at work . The light itself works great when you get it . However , eventually that bulb is going to burn out . Of course , the only people that make the correct light bulb are the vendor . You * can * purchase the vendor 's light bulbs here . I bought 2 - and while the bulbs were fine , the connection was n't . The lamp can not supply enough power to the new 9 watt bulb to get it to work consistently . I saw the poor reviews on the replacement bulbs and ignored them because these bulbs were the only replacement bulbs available . Now , not only do I have to replace a lamp because the bulb burnt out - but I am out the money for the replacement bulbs too . I was lucky , my bulb lasted almost a year . Some people have bulbs that only last a few weeks . Good luck if you buy this . I would strongly recommend another product . In fact , I am searching for another brand of lamp right now . Myself , I will be paying more attention to these reviews .
 I took a chance even after I read a review that said the timer did n't work on theirs either . The light stays on all the time . I think I have really just bought a glorified fluorescent light . I have only had it for one day , but my carnivorous plant seems to have responded . The adapter that plugs into the wall gets pretty hot . I am thinking I should have gotten one of the clip lights that cost $ 8-12 instead . I do n't think its worth the $ 42 bucks . Maybe half that .
 I do n't think the water indicator works ; if taken out of the soil the `` needs water '' light comes on but when I leave it in the soil it NEVER comes on . I planted seeds and left them under the light for a month and got nothing . I 'd return it but my 30 days are up . Amazon , can I still return this ?
 I loved this product and I received it as a Christmas present . I would have rated it a 5 . However I would have gone back and changed my rating because it is less than a year later and it is bot working ! This is why I am rating this product as a 2 . My mom paid nearly $ 40 dollars for this and less than a year later it is broken . It was great while it worked . But it 's life span is disappointing !
 I bought this same Glentronics Intelligent Plant Light directly from Amazon and it worked great.....multi-light cycles and a monitor for moisture . However , then I decided it was so great that I 'd buy another light . Thinking I could save a few dollars , I bought the same light from another company . It was shipped OK -LRB- took a little longer than with direct Amazon -RRB- . It looked good , but it is not totally functional . The light cycles are broken . It only works on one of the four light cycles . I do n't know if the moisture monitor works or not . This was clearly advertised as a `` used '' product , but the seller said that it was in perfect working condition . I am not disappointed with Amazon , only with this other site named Bargain Joy . However , from the rating of Bargain Joy , it appears that I was one of the few customers that had a problem with this company.Bargain JoyFeedback Rating
 I bought this lamp when I moved into a very dark NYC apartment . Several of my plants began to die do I purchased the lamp to provide my orchids -LRB- 2 -RRB- with additional light . The first one I received did not work at all so I sent it back . I received a replacement that did function . My orchids did okay under the lamp , but they did not flourish . One year later I moved to a much brighter apartment and within a week my orchids began to flourish again . The lamp only seemed to be just enough to keep them alive , but not growing or flowering . I decided to move the lamp to work since I no longer needed it at home . It worked fine for a couple of days , but not the light is struggling to stay on . I have had the lamp for maybe 7 months . I will see if a replacement bulb will help , but overall I have not been impressed .
 I am on the second one of these . Bulb stops working after 3-4 months . Bought another bulb online , still did n't work . Same situation after 8 months with second unit . Bulb stops working ... replacement does n't work . Waste of good money . i will not buy another .
 I bought this lamp back in December and for four months it worked properly , then May hits and the light goes out . Everything else looks fine , the light for the season is working and the `` water-me '' indicator is still functional , so I thought I needed a new light bulb , even though it had only been such a short amount of time . You ca n't get light bulbs for this lamp at lowes and home depot anymore though so I had to get them from amazon . I finally got the bulbs in yesterday and it still does n't work , but of course the window to return it for a full refund had past in January , so what I have is either a partial refund coming my way or an awkard set up to tell me when to water my plant .
 I love the idea of this product , it has all the features i wanted . but i have gone through three of these lights in less than five years , and they do not last . in fact , the one i just got -LRB- less than a week ago -RRB- only worked for one cycle , and now it wo n't come on , same as the other two . i called the support line , very nice and polite , but they said send it back and we 'll replace if under warranty . given it 's only been plugged in for three days this time -LRB- the other lasted 10 months , the one before about 3 years -RRB- , i think i 'll pass and find another product . too bad .
 I just received the item . Within 45 seconds , it stoppped working and almost went on fire . It started smoking and smelled terrible . Do not buy this item , unless you want your house to burn down .
 Light died after about 2 months . I smelled a burning smell upstairs and came down to my entire first floor smelling like burnt rubber . Worked just ok for the two months it functioned . The `` water me '' feature never worked . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 I received this lamp as a gift , and use it with two small-to-medium bonsai . It 's not terrible , but for what it costs I do n't know that it 's a worthwhile purchase.Pros : + Switches on and off automatically , preventing you from having to monitor a regular lamp . There 's a con associated with this , however -LRB- see below -RRB- . Cons : - Bulb burned out within 3 weeks of first use . Replacement bulbs are hard to find -LRB- I 've only found them through Amazon.com or Bonsai Boy of New York -RRB- , and they 're overpriced -LRB- $ 10 + a pop -RRB- . No idea what the longevity on a replacement bulb will be like ... hopefully better . - No clock ! The way the automatic light works is that it comes on when you plug it in , and starts timing the day at that point . So , if you want your light to match sunrise , be ready to get up at the crack of dawn . If you ever need to unplug the lamp , be ready to get up at the crack of down again . The circuitry for a simple clock/timer is so cheap , I ca n't see how they did n't add this . - Height adjustment works only for very small plants and bonsai . Anything more than about 10 '' tall -LRB- including the pot -RRB- will be too large to fit under the lamp . - `` Needs water '' function does n't work for bonsai . A previous poster cited that bonsai soil drains too quickly for this to be effective ; I do n't know whether this is an accurate explanation , but I do know that the feature has n't worked for me.Overall , I think that $ 45 for this lamp is overpriced - particularly when the lamp life is such a gamble and replacements are so costly .
 This `` plant light '' may be okay for a low grown plant that needs little light , but is definitely not as good as it claimed for most bonsai trees for the following reasons :1 . The 9 watt florescent light is not sufficient for bonsai -LRB- as a full grown tree -RRB- .2 . The sensor only works in regular potting soils but not bonsai soils since bonsai soils promote drainage .3 . Although the pebbled base holds water , it only provides a minimum of the surrounded humidity to your tree since the place is not enclosed .4 . The said `` Intelligent Four Seasons '' light has never been useful indoors since the indoor 's temperature has never changed as it has done in nature . That is , your tree will not go through dormancy indoors ; an insufficient light during winter will definitely kill your indoor tree.Get a 50 watt Phillips made Agro-Lite plant light bulb plus a humidity tray in your local hardware store instead . It costs you less than $ 10 ; and , it will provide a better result . Even with the help of the plant light , it is recommended that your bonsai tree needs sufficient sunlight in order to thrive !
 I have replaced the florescent bulb twice after the original one quit working . I believe that the bulbs would work if the device that charges the florescent worked , but the light just flickers without turning on fully . I 've now spent money twice to fix a problem that remains unresolved . So , the plant light worked great until the bulb went out . Then you might as well purchase a new light , otherwise good luck trying to get it fixed .
 Do not buy this lamp - bulbs are nigh impossible to find . The bulb lasted about 3 weeks for me and now ca n't find a replacement anywhere - not on Amazon , local hardware , local electrical store nor major DIY outlets . So its $ $ $ down the drain for the entire lamp .
 My wife and I are avid orchid growers , and find the 9W lamp perfect for displaying low-light plants -LRB- such as phalenopsis -RRB- that are in bloom . The colors are pleasant , and the plants seem to do well . We do not use the watering probes as we have our own watering schedules for the various plants , so I ca n't rate how well they work.We have owned six of these lights over the last five years , and all six have had their timers either fail to switch the light on , or fail to switch the light off . We also had an out-of-box failure that Amazon exchanged immediately . They last no more than about two years . I 'm currently sitting with three dead PL-1 lamps next to me , and came here while searching the web looking for instructions on how to `` hot wire '' the circuit board so the bulb will just stay on . That way I could keep using them with a $ 4.95 mechanical timer.If they just had a bulb and a switch , they 'd be perfect . Unfortunately , the `` intelligent '' electronics die quickly .
 I thought these would be reusable and easy to clean . They were n't . They were sturdier , but had the same difficulty reusing them as the ones sold in Target . Not worth the price .
 Even though this may look nice , you will never get it . I ordered from Picnic Plus , even called them prior to doing so to check to see if this backpack was red or pink , and after I ordered , I waited to no avail . The backpack never arrived , and after many inquiries , they said it was not in stock and would never be . ??!! Whatever . Amazon should remove them as a vendor .
 Location is irrelevant . Squirrels either jump onto the roof or climb up the pole . Once on the feeder , they either hang upside down from the edge of the roof and dip in or they hang on to the side and reach around . Once they figured it out , seed consumption has gone from 40 pounds a month to 25 pounds a week . Squirrels are greedy and they loiter , making it harder for the birds to get any . If you 're looking for a squirrel feeder -LRB- not squirrel-proof -RRB- , then this product is fine . Otherwise , look elsewhere .
 I thought I would finally get a handle on the squirrels eating out the bird 's food so I bought this . What a crock ! These squirrels are so smart they shortly learned how to circumvent the feeder lock by locking their feet on the pole and reaching over the locking bar.Now how squirrel proof is that ? Big big waste of money ! Do n't even go there .
 I love the idea of this squirrel proof feeder , and I do like this . The only thing that would deter me from purchasing another one like this , is the fact that the bottom ledge that the birds sit on is closed . It collects water , and pools up which in turn , is absorbed by the bird seed and becomes stagnant . We have wasted several scoops of seed with this , because the seed becomes wet , and undesirable to the birds . We are looking to buy another type of feeder which I think the rain water wo n't collect on the bottom . Other than that , I liked it . It just took a season to realize that this happens , and therefore , would n't purchase this type again .
 We bought this to keep squirrels and starlings away - the starlings are so smart they can figure out how to feed on it .
 Like some of the other posters stated , this feeder is not squirrel proof in the least . The squirrels hang from the roof , down the side so their weight is not on the rail that closes the food off . We fill the feeder and within an hour or so , they have cleaned it out . They keep the top -LRB- roof -RRB- nasty from sitting on top of it too .
 I live in the Houston area and the squirrels are a huge problem for my bird feeders . I took a chance when I purchased this feeder . Within one week , the squirrels had knocked down the feeder and broken the top hinge . It is still usable , but it did not solve my squirrel problem and I 'm on to look for other feeders .
 This feeder is definitely NOT squirrel proof . Within 10 minutes of hanging it outside , a squirrel had figured out that if he hung on by one back foot to the tiny ledge or crevice created by the window showing how much feed is inside , he could take enough weight off the rod to allow himself unlimited access to the seed . Then he went and told all his friends about how to get the seed ! The manufacturer needs to eliminate the windows across the top showing the feed level and make a totally smooth front . This MAY make it squirrel-proof , but I 'm not promising that !
 This feeder seemed to keep squirrels at bay for a couple years but last year they figured it out and have been gorging themselves ever since . I have tried everything and nothing has worked - they always get in . I am giving up and moving to another type before I go broke !
 Bought this a few months ago . I 'm back shopping for another bird feeder because this one is NOT squirrel proof . They jump on the roof and hang upside down to get to the seed .
 I 've had this model bird feeder before and it lasted for years . This model has a plastic pole adapter . It took the squirrels less than one day to eat through it . The feeder then fell to the ground and the squirrels had a feast.If you have squirrels do n't buy this feeder .
 Do n't know if feeder is squirrel proof or not as the squirrels do n't bother . The feeder spills so much seed on ground , they dine leisurely with no effort .
 We 've had this feeder for a while and watched how the squirrels twisted their bodies to out smart the feeder . And the sensitivity of the bar does n't allow for Blue Jays to stay and feed . We give up !
 This Absolute Squirrel-Proof Bird Feeder is a clever idea , but it 's not as clever as the local Einstein Squirrel who figured out how to hang from the roof of the feeder by one toe and eat his fill of sunflower seeds without putting any weight on the perches that are supposed to make the steel doors clank shut . That little genius immediately taught all of his friends how to beat the system , and now they take turns all day using the Absolute Squirrel-Proof Bird Feeder as an Absolute Squirrel-Friendly Buffet Table . In my experience , this invention has been COMPLETELY ineffective .
 We placed this in service in a Michigan winter . We enjoyed watching the squirrels trying to figure it out . For the most part it kept them out of the seed except when there was a coating of ice on the top from which they could hang . The downside is it tends to keep the larger birds away , such as Blue Jays , Red-bellied and to some extent Cardinals . It would probably deter Rose - Breasteds , Cowbirds , Red-winged Blackbirds etc. in the summer . It 's nice for a secondary feeder perhaps but not very attrative nor does it hold as much feed as our old cedar platform feeder . Nice try but no cigar .
 I was surprised with the cheap materials and condition on the feeder when we opened it . I had to bend the edges of the cover to get it to engage , as the thinness of the metal had allowed the feeder to get damaged in shipment . I have purchased feeders such as this in the past and they were more sturdy . I could go on and on , but I recommend that consumers look elsewhere and pay a few more dollars on better quality .
 This feeder had great promise for the first day or so ... until the squirrel figured out how to hang from the roof and not touch the bar ... maybe some other areas of the country do n't have the smart ones that we have here in New England . . but I swear they are now laughing at me ... outsmarted the average human-being ... I must say in defense of this feeder . . they do n't stay on it too long . . so less seed is consumed ... but they still keep the birds away while they 're gourging themselves ...
 Somehow a blue jay got it 's wing broken when the mechanism lowered from the weight of the bird ... ? Not Good !
 Received the bird feeder today , once opened flimsy box , found pieces broken and no invoice , therefore took time to try and locate the company to be able to send back and be reimbursed . Hopefully this will not be a disappointment , trying to ship it back and get my money back .
 The Squirrel Proof Bird Feeder is a flop . What happens is while the squirrel ca n't directly get bird seed , when he crawls around the top of the feeder , the shaking motion allows the seeds to go flying . I 've adjusted the tension on the gates , which does n't matter.The bird feeder sits atop a metal pole I 've tried greasing that metal pole 10-30 W motor oil , it irritates the squirrel somewhat , with no lasting effect . What really screws up the squirrel is when I use transmission fluid or power steering fluid .
 Because the squirrels kept our feeders empty theses looked like the ideal solution so I bought two.We definitely saved on birdfood because the birds wo n't come near them . I 've gone back to ourold feeders . For me , these feeders were a huge waste of money . I can not recommend them .
 I trap the squirrels and transport them to a wooded area several miles from my house . Transporting them can be a pain , but after catching and relocating about eight squirrels I notice few or no visits from squirrels to my feeders for a couple of months . Then I do it all over again . Relocation reduces the breeder population and I can say that I still have the occasional squirrel , but it is not a problem . Buying and working with all these so-called squirrel-proof feeders is a nuisance too and cost bucks for the feeder and wasted seed .
 The item name and picture are for a squirrel - * proof * feeder , not something for feeding squirrels . Wrong description .
 I bought a pack of these things and all it seemed to catch was my hair whenever I walked by it . We had it hanging for 5 days and it did catch 1 fly , the other 6 we had to swat using a swatter . I am now on the look out for something more effective .
 EDIT
 I bought this feeder as a present for my wife 's birthday the end of March 2012 to replace an excellent feeder made by Duncraft -LRB- no longer available -RRB- which laster the better part of 8 + years . It does hold lots of seed , which is a plus , and has a decent looking squirrel cage around it , but mold seems to be an issue , but a MUCH larger issue is that the metal caps and bottom plug are so weak that the squirrels were able to pry the squeeze clips off the bottom and dump about 25 lbs of expensive food on the ground . We fixed that temporarily with duct tape to cover the clips , but then the squirrels bent the top cap and climbed in the top into the seed reservoir and ate the seed undisturbed for hours on end , until we wired the top shut and used duct tape up there too . Now , a week after wiring it sut , and only 3 1/2 months after purchase I see that the squirrels have eaten THROUGH the large green metal cover on top near the removable cap with a LARGE hole to crawl in , rendering the feeder useless and headed for the garbage . Not a good deal for $ 90 .
 Placed my order 4 March 2012 for eight of these plugs and sent in the rebate exactly as shown on the form I downloaded and printed out . `` Autolite rebate form
 When I read 2.25 HP being described as `` powerful , '' I thought this must be some kind of sick joke . I use chainsaws all the time with my carcasses , and 16 '' ai n't nothing . First of all , let 's get one thing straight , o.k. ? Electric chainsaws have their limitations . That being said , I could still use it for chopping down trees and roundin up firewood . However , as for my , shall we say , clandestine operations , I have found this Milwaukee variety of chainsaw to be less than cutting edge , pardon the pun .
 The second time I used the rake two tines came loose and came out about three inches . I had previously used a bamboo rake -LRB- not this brand -RRB- for six years without a problem . This Bamboo Flexrake was purchased from Amazon .
 An earlier generation of this model had brass screws and o-ring gaskets to seal the battery compartment and the circuitry from insects and weather , and it took some bugs 5 years to work their way inside and damage the thing . In the current incarnation , the battery cover is just a plastic slip-on thing , like a cheap radio . Within a month outdoors , some slugs had managed to find their way inside and make a mess of it . If you plan to put one of these outdoors , I guess you could seal it in a ziploc bag .
 I was so disappointed when I received these . The wood was really sloppily PAINTED brown and the locking mechanism is very cheap . You get what you pay for I guess . Returning immediately .
 Ordered these lug nuts from Mowtown , they shipped them twice and both times they were wrong . Received them incorrect the first time , took pictures and sent to them and they reshipped the incorrect ones again . I am still waiting on an return label to return them for credit . I -LRB- will think twice about ordering a replacement part .
 This is by far the worst product I have every bought . I am shocked Amazon sells this on their site , it tarnishes their reputation selling this product . I bought it before Hurricane Irene came through NJ , had it expressed shipped , and was so glad to see it arrive on time . That was the best of it , from here it only went downhill.I read the instructions , added the oil , added gas , again followed the Chinese-English instructions to start the generator . It strated right up on the first pull , and put out a lot of smoke , after 30 seconds it died . I tried again , and again it started , and smoked and died , this continued for quite sometime , nearly an hour.I then decided to call the company , but of course it was Saturday afternoon so no one answered . Then I thought let me search the Internet , and the only posting I saw was a similar experience like mine , without the smoking , but with a happy ending saying worked fine the next day . So I had hope.We continue trying all through Saturday , as the Hurricane was suppose to come on Saturday night-early Sunday morning , and I needed it to run my sump-pump in the basement . Well the best we could do was have it running for 3-5 minutes with smoke , and then die.On Tuesday -LRB- Monday was a holiday -RRB- I went online to Amazon and filed a complaint . Then I called an spoke to a rep , but was told they do n't take anything which gasoline back , and I had to work with the third-party seller . After explaining the situation , the rep was kind enough to check with her supervisor , and they agreed to take it back in teh `` large items '' section and that someone would contact me.The next day I get an email saying Amazon understands I want to return a product , but do n't know why . So , then I responded to the email and gave then the details . It is now over a week , so I have had to put a hold on the payment , since no one is responding to resolve this issue.Bottom line
 This is a nicely made lantern EXCEPT that the finish is only a surface coat that peels off revealing an unattractive gray metal . I purchased 8 of these at various points over the past 4 years and all are peeling . I live in a mild climate so I was surprised . I contacted the manufacturer - Whitehall Products - and was told there is a one year warranty and they take no responsibility for their products after that . Given the high cost of these lanterns the manufacturer should do better - both in applying a better finish to begin with and standing behind their products after they are sold . I DO NOT RECOMMEND BUYING THESE.Update
 You would think there would be a way to turn on all six stations . I just moved into a 3 year old house . One sprinkler head in my back yard was missing . After replacing it . I could not get it to come on . Two weeks later . I found out it was miss labeled as a side sprinkler . No I am not stupid . I can program a vcr and a dvd.I work in a high tech job . I work with to many computer systems to count . After reading the instructions on the pannel , going on line looking at the manuel , watching videos . I have yet to find a on switch . If you look at this , Do not be fooled by the system on label on the dial . You are directed to the six stations and you can only turn on one at a time . This system is poorly designed . If I had to choose a system with only one feature I would want a on switch . How are why would you desigen a control system with no on switch . DO NOT BUY THIS ...
 This product is a joke , not at all what I expected . The lining ripped in about 10 seconds , it came out of the stitching that attaches it to velcro , which attaches the lining to the bag . When I tried to undo the velcro , it remained attached , but the lining blew right out of the stitching with virtually no force . It 's ultra cheap material , a plastic bag not much better than what you 'd bag groceries in . The zipper is extremely flimsy and feels like it will blow out at any moment . Shoddy materials all around , terrible stitching -LRB- the stitch count is very low , meaning it 's 5 per inch when it should be closer to 12 -RRB- , really , do not buy this for your dog 's food . I 'd give it 0 stars . It is clear they wanted the cheapest possible product at the highest possible margin , taking a page from the Walmart playbok.I am returning the hyperbin immediately .
 DIFFICULT TO PUT TOGETHER ; wires not on one side very well ; cheap in every detail ... if it lasts this season I 'll be surprised !
 I purchased this saw at my local TrueValue hardware store -LRB- the saw is branded `` Green Thumb '' by TrueValue -RRB- to do some light cleanup around my camp . The blade was so poor that it would bind in maple branches no more than two inches in diameter . The teeth have almost no pitch , resulting in a kerf too narrow to allow the blade to move.I have ordered a Bahco saw available here on Amazon . -LRB- Bahco is the company that took over as manufacturer of the legendary Sandvik bow saws and the only company I know that is not importing inferior quality products from the PROC . -RRB-
 As others have said , this chair is HUGE . It 's extremely comfortable however it 's weight would make it a challege to take back and forth to the ball park . I knew this going in from the other reviews . What I did n't know was that this chair wo n't stay folded shut unless it 's laying down . If you plan to stand it up against a wall or somewhere else for storage , it wo n't work . The weight of the chair seems to make this happen . Also , the back does not `` lock '' into any positions other than straight up or totally reclined -LRB- about 45 degrees -RRB- . If you want to have the back in a position somewhere in between , it will slide up and down with you everytime you lift your back up .
 I ca n't say if this chair is comfortable , because I never got a chance to sit in it . The part of the chair that connects the seat to the chair leg was broken when I took it out of the box . Amazon makes it very easy to return a broken item , and they promptly sent a replacement . However , the new chair was broken in exactly the same place ! I am returning this one for a refund , sadly . It looks like a good chair , but based on my experience , I would n't expect the chair to last very long .
 This product is huge . Seat very low and sinks . Packaging was pitiful . Arrived looking like it had been through a war . Plastic bag , -LRB- yes bag ! -RRB- was inadequate for such a large and heavy clumsy item . Return was a hassle !
 I purchased two of these in the past couple of months from two different sellers . The first one arrived damaged and was returned for refund . I had the second one about a month , and it just now broke with me sitting in it . What a piece of junk !!!! Stay away from this Chinese made pile of garbage .
 I rejoice that other customers received this product intact , but my chair arrived with two important , plastic , broken components , rendering the chair unusable . It went back to Amazon the next day .
 I bought two of these chairs . They are over sized as advertised , but so poorly constructed that I will be afraid to have a larger person sit in them . The packaging for shipment was so flimsy that the leg joints were poked out of the box and one of the chairs was broken at the leg joint . The leg joints are made of plastic , which I consider inefficient for a Plus size chair . Chairs are large , but poorly constructed . Certainly overpriced for the type of product .
 These looked wonderful when we received them . We did n't have opportunity to use them much last summer -- once or twice . They were put in the garden shed for the winter . When we took them out this summer , we realized that two of the four were broken . The chairs are made of both metal and plastic and these ones broke at the plastic parts . It is very disappointing , because they look sturdy and are the most attractive folding chairs I 've found .
 It appears to be a good quality chair , but it is unbelievable HUGE . It is also heavy . It is not a chair you can easily move from place to place and it requires a much larger space than the average folding chair for storage . I decided I did n't want it and was shocked that it was going to cost me over $ 80 to return it plus there is a restocking fee . Think really carefully before purchasing this extremely oversized chair !
 I still have them in a box under my bed . They are not built well . I dont advise getting them .
 If you plan on sitting in this chair for longer than 10 minutes , look elsewhere . We use these in the conference room where I work , and literally after about 10 minutes you feel the need to either stand or constantly shift to alleviate the pain . We just had a meeting for an hour from 1:30 pm to 2:30 pm . It is now 5pm and my rear still hurts . Avoid if you can !!! I 'm to the point of rolling my office chair into meetings .
 My husband bought three of these at Sam 's Club because he thought they had a `` Lifetime '' warranty . All three were only used occasionally but did n't last a year before the plastic started to crack . Now the seats have cracked too and are unsafe to use . My husband lost the receipt -LRB- of course ! -RRB- so there is no chance of any warranty being honored . These are more expensive than other folding chairs that have a better warranty and are rated 800-1000 pounds ! Buy the others .
 Despite looking very sturdy and that it was called `` lifetime '' , my chair only lasted a few months before the plastic seat cracked.I 'm not exceptionally heavy either , though I did use it several hours a day.As to comfort , I was n't particularly thrilled anyway as my hip kept bumping into the framing on the sides .
 Horrible quality replaced 2 pumps , first after 2 yrs and second after 1 yr . Premium price , but certainly not a premium pump .
 I 've had two of these pumps . The second one lasted just over a year and when I tried to replace it I was told they are no longer available due to bearing problems , etc. . Beware when buying this pump .
 I have owned two of these pumps and they both burned out . After doing some checking I find this is a common experience . I am going to try the Savio Water Master Pump and see if it is any better . Do your own checking but my research shows this pump to be a poor proformer and not reliable .
 When I purchased this product , it had a picture of 4 stanchions . The description also says `` stanchions , '' which makes you think you 're getting more than one . Only one was sent , and since then the photo has been changed to show one stanchion.This is a large , lightweight stanchion that is not a very bright white . In fact , the color is sort of yellowish , like plastic looks when it gets old.I returned this stanchion and got a set of 4 on this site from Beistle Company for $ 64 .
 I thought when I ordered the Tennessee branding iron , it was a little pricey . But , it was a gift for a rabid UT fan . I was COMPLETELY disappointed when I received a small box , weighing less than a half a pound . I expected a branding iron , handle and all . This is just a small `` T '' that you can clip on the grill . I would n't have minded paying $ 10 for it . But , the $ 33 price tag is outragous .
 After several months , we have caught no roaches and it seems like the ones running around are getting bigger . Not sure why this item has been getting any good reviews , it seems to do nothing .
 I bought some of these along with some Victor Insect Magnets -LSB- ... -RSB- and placed both around the house in various places . After 3 + months some of the victor traps had caught 1 or 2 roaches , but none of the Black Flag ones had . It could have just been bad luck -LRB- maybe I just happened to put the Black Flag ones where we did n't have roaches -RRB- but I 'll follow the evidence and just buy the Victor ones from now on .
 Here in Hawaii , we 've got these roach traps that look to be imported from Asia . They 're fairly ubiquitous , and you do n't see brands like this very often . I ordered this on Amazon just to give it a shot , to compare its efficacy in luring roaches to their doom in the glue . It 's not very effective.When I placed this into a particular roach laden area , I had about 4 captures over a one week period . The Hoy Hoy -LRB- import -RRB- trap had at least three times that . While the import trap is more troublesome to assemble , I do n't feel that this was a very good value .
 Wow okay . So it caught a roach near my bed , and I thought to myself how these traps might actually work . I went to bed in comfort and relief knowing that . When I woke up the next morning , it was GONE . It somehow got loose from the sticky tape and waltz its way out of the box overnight . I 've also placed these in the bathroom and every time I saw roaches there , they were nowhere near this thing.I quickly switched over to the Combat traps with the bait stations that 's supposed kill roaches at their nest level -LRB- they take the bait , bring it back to their nest , poison eventually kills them there -RRB- . Since then , I 've only seen one roach throughout that week . When I do think about it , I should have gone this route originally . It seems more logical to kill them at the source than to just simply catch them and wait for them to supposedly die out in the traps . It 's also somewhat gross about having a box of dead cockroaches in the room / bathroom.The roaches really did treat this thing as a roach motel - they checked in , rested , and checked out .
 I have -LRB- at least -RRB- several American cockroaches -LRB- the giant ones -RRB- . They come into the kitchen through our garage . Thought I 'd lay some of these cheaply priced traps down to catch some of them . Have n't caught any yet and it 's been over 2 months -LRB- or longer -RRB- . Not sure they 're attracting any of the giant cockroaches ; have n't yet tried baiting the traps but may help . However , have caught many little geckos -LRB- or lizards ? -RRB- . So if you have a problem with geckos/lizards , here 's your solution . I 'm giving 2 instead of 3 stars because I 'm a little disappointed to not have caught any roaches ; but their price-cheapness offsets any real disappointment I may have .
 Does n't really work , I put these up 2 weeks ago and have n't seen much of an improvement . I have seen roaches run in there and run back out , which just shows that the glue they are supposed to get stuck in does n't work . It does n't lure them either . I put 2 of these in my tiny kitchen and one of them is completely empty . Might as well put some glue and a paper and sprinkle with sugar . About the same effect . But free .
 The description for the True Value offer shows 12 roach motels . Only 2 are included in each package . After several e-mails to True Value 's customer service were never replied to , called True Value 's customer service rep to ask when I would receive the missing product , she explained that the offer had a mistake in it . She offered to refund the price of the order rather than ship the product as described . I recieved a credit for the product , but not the shipping . It has taken me several calls to Amazon to get the credit for the freight . This has been a very frustrating process to go through .
 I do n't usually write negative reviews , but I was compelled to after numerous cockroaches escaped these roach motels . Maybe it is just our Texas sized roaches , but I saw several get stuck briefly , but by the next morning they had wiggled their way back out .
 As a professional firefighter I do not recommend this axe for use in the fire service.It is too small to generate much striking force . It is very sharp , so it will cut , but it will take a while to cut thru anything . Also , I found the pick end too sharp to be safe . If you are looking for a small personal fire axe and do n't want a standard 5 or 6 pound axe , look at the `` Estwing E45A campers axe . ''
 This price is too good to be true . The greensand that is delivered is wet , not dry , and so the 40 # amount is not just greensand but also whatever liquid has been added . The amount of greensand that I got is probably more like 15-20 # of dry greensand . Very disappointing , but I should have known better ! I wo n't be buying from this company again .
 This item is VERY awkward to use . It is heavy , does NOT STEER well and has been a great disapointment !!!!!
 i purchased the stake puller primarily for wood stakes . the concept of the puller is OK but the performance is useless for anything you cant pull out by hitting side to side and pulling out by hand . the jaws for the stakes are to short and the peg just slips off when you apply pressure . if the jaws were at lease an 1.5 '' long the tool would probably work better . it does n't seam like there was much product testing when it was designed.bottom line if your pulling wood pegs 2 ' or more in the ground do n't waste your money unless you plan on modifying the puller .
 When the bamboo windchimes came they were in a very large box wrapped badly with some bubble wrap . They looked as they were used as the chimes had many abrasions on the finish . They were returned .
 I bought this because it was the only way that the solar cover was available for shipping . My 2 year old son broke the thermometer the second time he was in the pool . The string and sticky tab that they give you to mount the thermometer held for about a day . We never used the chlorinator because I did n't want that floating in the pool with my children . All and all it was just a waste of money .
 The thermomater fell apart the bobber that holds the 1 '' chlorine tablets works ok
 Kind of disappointed , Just a piece of metal still rusting , If you purchase it be careful the rust comes off all over you and your cloths , Could have been better for a considerable amount of money it cost .
 I bought this hammock hardware before summer in 2011 . I used it perhaps 15 times over the course of the summer without incident . I took the hardware in for the winter so it would n't be exposed to the elements all winter . It was still all shiny and new looking when I put it on the hammock stand today . Within a minute of getting into the hammock the chain snapped and I landed full force on my back on the metal stand and the paving block patio beneath it . I am writing this review with an ice pack on my back considering myself lucky that I only have a bruise on my back and no evidence of any broken vertebrae or or worse damage to my lower spine . I would strongly recommend NOT ordering this product and looking for hardware with a stronger and safer chain and hooks .
 Left out in the sun , goes brittle and cracks in about a year . The see through plastic gets filthy from charcoal dust first thing . Bags take up less space . Do n't bother .
 I 've had problems with a leaf blower from this company and you can forget customer service . From the start of the conversation the woman refused to be of any assistance since my warranty had expired . They just want you to buy a new blower . The rude tech would not help me troubleshoot or offer any type of guidance on getting this machine to work and did n't acknowledge that the model had this problem and she refused to allow me to speak to someone else . I have NEVER been treated so rudely and disrespectfully by a company that I had patronized . DO N'T buy from Weed Eater or any associated brand -LRB- Poulan , Cub Cadet , McCullouch -RRB- .
 I bought this blower solely on the Weed Eater brand name . It had about the same specs as my old one of a different brand -LRB- which I could no longer find -RRB- . The new one is louder , has more vibration , and less intensity than the old one . Those characteristics were observed independently by my wife and myself . Try another brand .
 I bought this item and immediately after the warranty expired , 2 years , the plastic developed two holes in the side of the plastic housing . The holes allow debris to exit and this debris can injur someone that is NOT wearing gloves.The unit was sucking up leaves when this ocurred.Sincerely
 I bought this based on the other reviews and I am disappointed in the power of this . The mulching is slow and not worth the effort . I will be looking to get a gas one with more power and will give this to my son to play with as a toy .
 I only rated this a 1 star because it wouldnt let me give it a 0 star rating . Did what it is advertised to do for about 7 1/2 minutes . Then it just shut off ! Wont restart at all . I thought the plug came out of the wall ? Checked my breaker ? Nope just wont do anything . While it did work , the `` so-called '' collection bag blew so much dust and debris around that I had to re-wash my car . Went to empty what little there was in the bag and the zipper broke ! Switching from blower to vaccuuming is the biggest pain I have ever dealt with . You have to have a flat blade screw driver or knife to flip an almost inaccessable latch . Then wrestle with a spring-loaded gaurd just to put on the Vac attachment . Then you have to fight the thing just to put it back into blower mode . JUNK ! Poorly designed , not user friendly , worthless quality , and it only worked for about 7 minutes !!!!!! I debated for a bit at our local store between this and a Poulan for about 24 bucks more . Should have gone with the other one .
 My previous blower/vacs were a B&D ; and a Toro and wore them each out after about 5 years . I use this to clean my woodshop and backyard . After 10 minutes , my hands started feeling numb due to the heavy vibration -- that ca n't be good for the joints and tendons . I could run my other blowers for a half hour with no problems . I thought WeedEater was a good name brand -- guess not.Noise
 I 'll be honest . I only bought this clock because Philipe Starck designed it . That was a mistake . It 's a huge pain to set the time and change the alarm due to the minimalist set of buttons on the back . And the laser light that projects the time on the ceiling stopped functioning properly after a few years . It 's so overly complicated and irritating to use that I ca n't recommend this . Do you really need to know the wind speed and barometric pressure readings at 3am ? Probably not .
 I purchased 5 of these sets to get enough 1 '' gauges to evaluate my lawn irrigation system . It would have been nice to be able to buy them alone instead of having to buy an equal number of 5 '' units . This is especially true for those of us in SoCal where everything green is on life support!The 1 '' gauges are so fragile that it was all but impossible to insert them deep enough to get a valid measurement . Contact one pebble on the way in and the brittle 02 thin plastic cracks . 2 more were almost immediately demolished by my small dog tripping over them.I guess that I can give the superfluous 5 '' gauges as stocking stuffers this Xmas to my friends who live where it actually rains . They can be post mounted and might survive for awhile.So if you live somewhere where you have 3 '' of totally rock free friable topsoil , you might find the little guys useful !
 Hello!I am writing a review on this umbrella now , because of surprise and disgust over the quality.I should point out I am not at all angry at Amazon , and have n't tried to talk to them about it as it 's really been a while since I bought it and it 's not their fault.But , what is the issue is that a few weeks ago , the umbrella was in it 's open position and it was a breezy day . YES , BREEZY . . not windy , not stormy , just a little 5-10 mph typical spring breeze.Anyway , imagine my shock when i found 4 of the ribs holding it up were all bent in the middle where it 's hinged . . Truthfully , I figured this was a simple fix and called Southern Patio . The very grumpy and unfriendly rep said sorry , we do n't replace wind damaged parts . Come on . ! This was a spring breeze . This was something that we 'd easily have been sitting out sipping margarita weather.But no , they offer a 30 day guarantee . PERIOD . . Want parts . . each rib was $ 16 and shipping another $ 30 . So basically $ 100 or so to fix it , with the obvious concern it would easily happen again.End of story , buy better umbrellas with better warranty . Might pay a little more , but at least it 'll likely be better made and will last longer than a spring breeze .
 I purchased this awning two years ago for a west-facing window on my Phoenix home . The awning gets full afternoon sun . The material itself has held up remarkably well , with less fading than I expected . The problem is the stitching that holds the whole thing together . After two years , the cotton stitching on most of the seams has rotted away . One result is that the outer metal frame has separated from the material . Needless to say , the awning is shot . Sure , you can get replacement material , but that costs nearly as much as what I paid for the awning . Seems they would spend a little more on stitching that lasts as long as the awning material . Definitely disappointed in this product , especially considering the manufacturer 's claim that the product lasts up to 15 years . Not true .
 This bench was a disaster !!! None of the dowel holes lined up . The front rail was warped so badly that we could do NOTHING with it !!! I do not recommend it at any price . If I could get the thing apart without using an axe , I 'd return it immediately . I intend to write the company for replacement and pick up of the mess we received . We ordered this bench along with another one made by Gardenside Designs at the same time . Thank goodness we assembled the Gardenside bench first ... otherwise we would have been too frustrated to attempt a second one . The Gardenside bench went together without a hitch and was beautifully made . I highly recommend their product over Oxford 's .
 The burner provided with this unit will burn a hole in the bottom of the aluminum pot very quickly if there is not any water or oil in it . We 're talking a matter of about 2-3 minutes here . I have a pot with a hole in it to prove it . I have subsequently ordered the Stainless steel pot . The aluminum pots are very soft and it is also possible to scrape them with stainless steel utensils . I am used to commercial cookware mainly . The only aluminum pots I have have a 1/4 inch of aluminum on the bottom . As this thing was a gift , I will take it to a welding shop and have a large aluminum plate welded to the bottom after the hole is cleaned-up , the wife will never know . It is my fault for not putting in the oil before placing it on the burner , but I was just boiling away the water from cleaning it out , which is standard kitchen procedure . Plenty of heat , which is what you need , but buy the stainless rig .
 My husband just brought home a video of the Underwriters Laboratory testing of this and other deep-fat turkey fryers . These things are SO dangerous . They can easily tip over and start HUGE grease fires . Before you buy any of these fryers , look to see if it is endorsed by Underwriters Laboratories so you know you 're buying a safe product . I hope no one gets hurt by these things .
 The item received was not as advertised . Instead of a tall stand a short -LRB- lower than typical -RRB- was sent . Other items differ also .
 Be careful , I just saw the news talked about this product , it 's fire hazard and easy to tilt . UL does not endorse this product because of it 's fire hazard . I personally has never use this product but thought I should share the news .
 I was extremely disappointed . The item does not match description nor does it look like the photo displayed . It is not worth the price I paid.I will not purchase from this dealer again . It looks like something a child would play with , not something you would push or shovel snow with .
 I am not impressed with this product . After merely four uses , the wear strip on my shovel is badly bent . It was used normally and only on snow and ice -- which , I think , falls under the range of uses a snow shovel is supposed to be designed to handle . I did n't do anything unusual with the shovel.Another reviewer mentioned that the wear strip can scratch wood decks . That 's absolutely true , but it can also scratch concrete , if you happen to bear down too much on the -LRB- extremely sharp -RRB- end of the wear strip . Unfortunately , that 's pretty easy to do . And now that my wear strip is bent as much as it is , I expect that it will scratch my concrete driveway and walkway along the length of the wear strip as well.The plastic of the scoop is strong enough , but just barely . I do n't care for how much it flexes during heavy shoveling.Finally , the handle is too small to use comfortably when pushing snow . I ca n't get a proper grip on it with both hands , and as a result , I end up bracing the handle against my body.A few good points
 First , we never received the injector or the thermometer . We cooked a 12.5 lb . turkey and barely had enough room . I feel it is too small , mainly too narrow . We do not have original package or I would return it .
 unit came as a mush waited for Christmas present . Too bad it came with the burner and regulator for a small pot . Took over 2 hours and 15 minutes to heat oil to 360 degrees . What a shame.I will be returning all , as I do not trust this product . Also there was no customer support on weekends -LRB- when most people would be using this porduct . -RRB- Very unsatisfactory .
 Purchased the gloves with new charcoal smoker . Although they work O.K. , I felt the quality of the gloves was n't quite up to par . Internal lining of the gloves around the thumb was loose creating issues getting your thumb placed correctly . Also , thought the gloves were a little tight on my hand .
 I thought these would be good heat-resistant mitts , until I almost burned my hand transferring a cast-iron pan from the grill to the adjacent patio table . I guess I should have read the description better , for using them as potholders is n't really advertised.They may work well for what 's in the description , but I need to keep looking for some good mitts for handling hot pans .
 Ordered this item on December 19 , 2010 along with several other items from this seller . Estimated delivery on original order was between December 23 , 2010 and February 11 , 2011 . As of January 1 , this item has still not arrived . Granted I am still in the window of their promised delivery . However the availability of the item is currently listed as `` In Stock . '' But on my order , the expected delivery date is now listed as between January 25 , 2011 and February 11 , 2011 . Seller is not being truthful about availability of item . I plan to cancel this order and purchase from somewhere else , as everything else has promptly arrived . Luckily this was not a Christmas gift .
 This product said it could pick up coals and I tried to do that and burned my hands through the gloves . Not worth the money I paid !
 I have had a pair of these gloves for years . I bought them for Dutch oven cooking and they made their way into my kitchen for daily use because I liked them so much . They were getting on their last legs , so I put a new pair on my Amazon wish list and I found a new set under the Christmas tree.I noticed the new pair was lighter and thinner than my old pair . The leather is slightly thinner -LRB- and more pink than the old , deep red -RRB- , but what is noticeably thinner is the inner insulation.This morning a went to take a cast iron pan out of a 400 degree oven with the new gloves and I could only hold the handle for 5-6 seconds before it simply became too hot . Fortunately , I was just going to the stove top . I immediately grabbed my old gloves , pulled one on , and was able to hold the pan with no problems . Yes , it had cooled down some in those 20 seconds , but not much.So , the newer version of these gloves are more flexible , but do not have the insulating ability my older set did . Too bad . I may have to get a pair of the Lodge gloves , since these do n't work as well . My old ones were darn near perfect.EDIT
 I just want to reiterate the comments below that these gloves used to be much better . I just mildly burned myself moving a beer-can chicken from the oven to the stove - maybe 10 seconds at 350 degrees ? The old ones would 've never done this . I am switching to something else .
 I had an old pair from probably 2008 or so . Excellent protection and quality . That is until my dog Jake ate the left one . So I buy a new pair and instead of thick wad padding there 's only thin material lining now . And since I still have the right glove from 2008 , I did hot test and the new ones lose big time . Booo for cheap chinsey gloves . Lodge are n't much better either .
 Title says it all , do n't waste your money on this fan . It 's noisy , does n't provide enough circulation and it 's expensive for what you get .
 The umbrella fan was a great idea . But , when it was slid down the umbrealla pole and the paddles removed , we could not close the umbrella completly and therefore could not cover the umbrella during a rain storm . Had to send it back and it cost twenty-some dollars to do so . !!
 I finally broke my grandfather 's rusty all steel contractor grade post hole digger that looked like was from the steam locomotive era with pipes for handles and had a back breaking weight , that sometimes was an advantage in tough soil . I had just planted a bunch of grape vines and trees requiring deep holes and was looking forward to trying a newer lighter tool . Most stores were closed Sunday evening so this model was my only choice from a 24 hour store.I tried it on some holes I had already started when I got home , and was very diappointed . Although the light weight should have been a plus , the blades were not sharp enough to make much progress and the dirt seemed to stick even more to these blades . I will try shapening the blades , but compared to the heavier all steel contractor model , this is almost worthless in tough soil . It is only good for shallow holes in loose soil , and light duty.I probably should have known better , but did n't think there would be that much difference for the few holes left and the price was too good to be true . I would suggest one of the the all steel models , like the Fiskars 9653 , as being well worth twice the price.It did let me appreciate my grandfather 's antique , and I would gladly repair it if I can find quality replacement blades .
 Product did not match photo . Did not have heart shaped bamboo . Instead it had round shape bamboo , same as Gilbert the Gooney Bird . I already had that one and was hoping to get the one that was pictured ...
 It light , it cuts beautifully ; makes expanding and maintaining beds a breeze !!!!!!!!!
 Look twice , this purchase is for the rake head only . I bought this as a gift for my father , I could n't believethe pole did n't come with it . I had to turn right and spend more money for the pole than the rake cost . Very embarrassing . Contract law requires a meeting of the minds . This is a very misleading , unprofessional ad . It should be removed .
 I bought a planted lily of the valley based on a great photo on Amazon . The price was $ 6.99 for one plant plus S&H ; -LRB- also over $ 6.00 -RRB- . That was one of the worst plants I have received in mail . The single stalk was small and unhealthy , curved and had two small leaves . I do not want even to plant it , because looks so bad - and probably will die soon.Also , I think Amazon will lose it 's credibility by endorsing products of questionable quality.I just ordered a new shipnent of the plants from a new company not working with Amazon .
 The generator cought on fire do to a leaky fuel valve over battery . I tried to contact someone but there was noone to talk to . Do not buy .
 Dad used this product to clean the house last summer . The nozzle did n't fit properly , although it 's advertised as a universal fit . Also , the cleaning product reservoir leaked . Not a keeper . : -LRB-
 This trowel has the size of small trowel . The interchange locking is only worked with short handle because you do n't want to attach a trowel with the size of your palm to a long handle . It looks ridiculous and not effective . Buy this the same size trowel at a lower price at your local stores .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 Unpleasantly Surprised -LRB- rewrite -RRB- I ordered a K&auml;rcher K5 .85 MR through Pressure Washer Direct . The week it took to get to me counted towards the 30 day warranty . The item arrived with a cracked right wheel and missing lower bracket for the spray-wand storage , otherwise , it worked beautifully.My complaint concerns K&auml;rcher customer service . Their call center is located in the Philippines , but their hours are M-F 9AM-5PM EST. . Their automated greeting advised to have the invoice handy , as they `` may '' need a copy faxed to them -- there 's no `` may '' about it , they insisted , even if the product is factory-direct shipped and warranty-registered . My experience with customer service was nothing but a hassle , and by the time I receive replacement parts , the item will be out of warranty . I would 've rated the product itself a `` 5 '' if not for the very cheap and inadequate wheels . I rate the customer service and warranty a `` 1 '' . Basically , I 'm pleased with my purchase , but I consider it an `` As Is '' purchase because of the warranty and customer service . I hope I 'll not have to deal with K&auml;rcher 's customer support again any time soon.Pressure Washer Direct credited $ 25 to my account as a `` courtesy credit '' for the inconvenience , and I would order through them again without hesitation .
 Purchased new , on January 30 , 2011 . It is now May 30 , 2011 , and the unit is not working properly.Pros are : * Unit has wheels to roll around . Very helpful . * Unit has the onboard pressure hose reel , and has a hook to hang the electrical cord . * Unit is very powerful at 1850PSICons are : * Unit trips electrical breakers alot -LRB- 2-3 times when using the unit -RRB- . * Unit could have more durable plastic -LRB- plastic could be slightly thicker in certain areas -RRB- . * Unit failed after 4 months -LRB- on the day -RRB- , when used for a total of 3 ~ 4 times since January . * Even after allowing all air to escape from within the pressure lines , the unit continues to power on and off when in use , for the first 30 minutes of use . It 's very strange to have it cycle on and off when you engage the trigger , even after you have purged all the air out of the unit . Very annoying having it power down and back up , and back down , etc. . . This unit supposedly has a built in aluminium pump for `` enhanced '' durability . However , the unit began making wierd noises last night , and now , it puts out half the power . In other words , my brother 's 1300 PSI Karcher unit -LRB- which is really old -RRB- , has more power than this unit at 1850 PSI . Obviously , the pump or something inside is damaged . I never ran this with the water off , except for a few seconds during every shut down to remove the water from the pump . Which users are instructed to do in the owners manual . Users are instructed to run the motor/pump with electricity on , but the water off , for a few seconds to remove excess water from the pump . I forgot what page in the manual it says to do this ... It has always been cared for , never damaged , dropped , or destroyed in any way . I am very sad about this.I will submit an update after any repairs and/or replacements have been made .
 I purchased Karcher K 5.585 1850 PSI in May - I had another Karcher i was using and wanted one with a little more pressure . I ordered this Karcher but did n't use it until last week or so since I had just used the old Karcher when I ordered this one . Well , water just went everywhere from the trigger area and could n't use it . I called Karcher and they do not warrant anything third party online -LRB- which Amazon is -RRB- and 30 days is up since i bought it from Amazon . I am stuck with a Karcher that I paid good money for and did n't work from the getgo so be warned if you buy online .
 Trigger gun connects to hose via thin plastic . I guarantee you will be shopping for a replacement Trigger Gun before long .
 got it all set up , plugged it in and turned the switch , and it only ran for about 3 seconds then shut off and will not come back on , gfi is fully red , and checked a few different plugs and it just wont work .
 Only used few times , 1st I repalced the gun -LRB- 1/3 of the whole unit -RRB- , worked few months . Later replaced a pump part , and worked for few months . Now it 's totally dead . how many hrs did I spend to fix this myself ? Not worth itnevr buy any electtric pressure washer made by this Karcher . made in German , so what ? Totally pissed off
 This bracket is an absolute waste . A $ 15 dollar waste too ! I even tightened it with pliers , not just the hand tightening knob , and still would n't even adequately hold the Scarecrow in position . No chance of any real adjustment with this junk design either . Ended up using some electrical PVC brackets with great success , cost about $ .40 each .
 I purchased two Contech Electronics CROBRACKET Scarecrow Motion-Activated sprinkler mounting brackets to attach to my deck . Installation was easy but the brackets do not tighten down sufficiently on the sprinkler tubing . This makes it possible for the sprinkler to rotate and swivel within the bracket . Once you attach the hose to the sprinkler the weight of the hose causes the entire sprinkler to tilt . It is a great idea to get the sprinkler above the height of plants but this bracket is poorly engineered . The bracket needs to control for 3 planes of motion and it does not even control one . Heading to the hardware store ...
 This bracket is being marketed as an accessory to the Contech ScareCrow . I purchased it in order to mount my ScareCrow above ground . For this purpose , the manufacturer fails to deliver , because , while the single clamp of this bracket holds the ScareCrow horizontally , it fails to secure the ScareCrow vertically . The clamp , and hence the ScareCrow , swings in a vertical arc , even when it is not firing . No amount of tightening will help . It requires a bracket with two clamps , one above the other , to secure the ScareCrow vertically .
 This product is very flimsy and does not properly support the weight of the Scarecrow motion activated sprinkler . It does not tighten enough to have a grip . I had to add some wire to hold the sprinkler to the post . I would n't recommend this product .
 I have several Heath aluminum purple Martin houses and wanted to add an additional floor for my growing purple Martin families . I ordered an unassembled aluminum Heath purple Martin house -LRB- add a unit -RRB- recently and was very disappointed after I had It assembled . The room dividers were too long and caused the unit to have an irregular shape instead of the standard triangle shape of previous houses . It was even impossible to fit the floors into the unit . My husband had to disassemble the house and cut down all six room dividers . Once he did that and reassembled it , the house lined up with the other floors .
 Ordered as a replacement which broke . Cap fits but does not allow bumping as the original part did . Have to remove the cap pull the string out and then replace the cap .
 The services is unaceptable . Simple never came never arrive never been shipp to me . How in the world you expect me to issue a review!!!???@@@@I lost with Amazon some dollars for this but believe me I will pass out this experience and placed on blogs and forums for sure.I rate the product just because does not allow me for send this with a least one start ... no more comments
 My model number was no longer visible on old 12 '' bump feed Black and Decker trimmer -LRB- had an attached glued-on label that fell off years ago -RRB- , so took a chance that this product fit it , but it did not . If you 're looking for a bump cap that is approximately 4.25 '' outer diameter , with an approximate 1.75 '' inner diameter hole , this is NOT the product you 're looking for . Have no idea where to find the part I 'm looking for .
 I had a different pest repeller for four years and when I had that one I never saw a bug or mouse . I thought this one would be better because it was more expensive and you can select which pest that it works for . Well since I have had it I saw a roach a few feet away from the unit . I just had to get rid of a bee that was in the same room . We even had a bird that was standing on the porch screen not to far from the unit . I wish that I had bought a different brand .
 I bought this product mainly for the spider problem we have in our garage . I followed the directions for effective use and I have n't seen any decrease in spider activity . In fact I think there 's more now . Ca n't say if it works for mice or larger animals but I would guess that it 's more effective on them .
 I bought this product for my dad as a gift . They have a problem with bees outside on their patio . The instructions for this product state that it can be used indoors or outdoors and it would repel bees . We tried it on a very small patio one day and the bees were actually attracted to the product . They were sitting on top of the machine when we had it on in both the silent mode and audible mode . I returned the product and we decided the best alternative to getting rid of the bees is to use fabric softner which is cheaper .
 ... I 've had the devices operational for about two weeks now and had n't seen anything , so was quite happy , thinking my Mickey problem was solved.Then as I was , just now , leaving my kitchen , the little bugger just bolted under my bookshelves . * sigh * I over-bought the product too so that every room has two of them facing in opposite directions as recommended for bouncing the sonic sound off the walls.Apparently this product does NOT work on mice ... at all.What a waste of money .
 Do n't fall for the false advertising . Lentek got sued by the FTC for making false claims . http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2002/08/lentek.htm
 Worked in the pest control industry for 16 years , till recently . We used to find cockroaches living in such devices all the time -LRB- it 's usually nice toasty warm in there -RRB- . Sanitation , exclusion , and very careful application of pesticides is what you need.Rodents are often repelled for a brief time , but quickly adapt -LRB- adapting to environmental conditions is one of the things rats do best -RRB- . Again , count on sanitation , exclusion , and traps ; try to avoid baits because you 'd rather know where the little s.o.b. died -LRB- i.e. in a trap , rather than in a wall somewhere -RRB- .
 this seemed to work initially , but after about a month -LRB- and , not so coincidentally , when it started to get cold outside -RRB- i was finding mouse droppings less than a foot away from the device!i spoke with a veterinarian that specializes in digusting rodents -LRB- rats , mice , guinea pigs , gerbils -RRB- and she said that it 's just like living next to the train tracks - it emits an annoying sound , but eventually the little suckers get used to it .
 I 'm sorry I purchased this product . The FTC is suing them for false claims , and now the Lentek website itself no longer claims that the product will protect against spiders or roaches . As I purchased the product EXACTLY for that purpose , it is no wonder that I have not had any improvement in my pest problems . Please do some online research before buying this !
 Do n't waste your money.The mice are partying in our kitchen beneath this product . Do n't waste your money .
 I read all the reviews wanting to believe that these would help me and crossed my fingers for the half that said yes , they worked . Tonight , I just caught another mouse in my room -LRB- where I 've got two of these things plugged in -RRB- . Earlier , I 'd purchased one to cover a larger area and although it deters them , I actually think it caused them to run into my room from the kitchen to get away from the noise , as I 'd never had them in my room before -LRB- In two weeks since buying these , I still saw 2 or 3 mice -RRB- . Anyway , my advice is not to waste your money on these . I 'm going to start charging the mice rent .
 This was the worst purchase I 've ever made in my crusade against the ants and spiders that have taken over my home ! I have MORE pests now than I did before . Actually had ants crawling on one of the repeller units . If you 're thinking about buying this product ... DO N'T waste your money . You 'd be better off with a couple of cans of Raid !
 These devices failed to get the roaches to leave my kitchen . That 's probably because the roaches in DC are exposed to ultrasonic noises everyday . In rooms where there was minimal roach infestation , the devices did a good job . However , the roaches still hang out in the kitchen . As a matter of fact , roaches were even crawling all over the repeller . It was n't until the exterminator came and laid down some gel did the number of roaches in the kitchen decrease . The exterminator will be coming back in a week to check the progress.However , I will still keep the devices since many have said that they do a great job repelling big critters -LRB- like rats , mice , etc -RRB- . I have n't had a mouse problem in awhile before purchasing these repellers , but I just want to make sure they do n't come back .
 i tried the 5 pack in my garage with no luck the mice still live there its a lot of hype product no god keep your reciept bring them back
 I bought this product because I live in a basement apartment and have a horrendous spider problem . THIS PRODUCT DID NOT WORK FOR ME . Spiders seem to LIKE it ; they used it to make cobwebs on ! The product information ... states that it works for rodents , spiders , ants , etc. . But the product information included in the packaging ONLY mentions that this product is suitable for RODENT control . I am returning this product .
 We purchased many units , plugged them in all over the house , and they have been totally ineffective ! We still have mice and insects . As a matter of fact , spiders have used it to anchor cobwebs !
 Why ca n't I give 0 stars?I have watched our resident mouse run past this product on at least three occasions , and saw it got bold enough to run straight into the living room while I was sitting there with my -LRB- non-ratter -RRB- dog . This product is a WASTE OF MONEY , spend your money on traps and poison , sonic rays are n't going to get mice .
 Absolutely useless . The three gizmos are in three small adjoining areas - Kitchen / Breakfast / Office areas . The roaches come out at night and do a little dance to the `` clicks '' that the gizmos emit . No effect whatsoever after 3 months .
 If I had any more of these , I would have all the insects in Nebraska living in my house . They are not anywhere near a deterrent , they seem to be an attractant . ...
 Very disappointed . Purchased 6 of these for an 1100 sq. foot apartment to eliminate the common spider and occasional ants and insects that appear in the Spring and Summer time . Well , I think these units INVITE the ants in . We 've never had more ants than we do now despite following directions to place these units on opposite walls in the same room , etc. . These devices do not phase them at all - they continue to parade right by !
 I was hoping it would repel roaches -- a common problem in NYC -- but this thing absolutely does nothing !! In the two weeks I used it , three bugs wondered into my place in the vicinity of this pest repeller . Besides , you can hear the ticking noise of this device very well , like a clock .
 I used another version of this device in college and found that it worked well . This product has not even phased the roaches in my house and to add insult to injury it makes an annoying ticking sound like a clock in every room of my house .
 I bought these , hoping to finally get rid of the numerous spiders I have . I could hear them ticking away in the different rooms I placed them in , but that 's all they do -- tick . The only thing they repel are the people who ask , `` What is that noise , sounds like clicking , or tapping . '' I still have multitudes of spiders -- who apparently could care less . No matter what the brand , I think you 'll find these useless .
 Bought this item trying to get rid of the ants problems in the summer . Did n't make a difference at all . The ants still marched into our house . Tried to position them at different outlets at different parts of the room , and it still did not work .
 I bought this product because I live in a basement apartment and have a horrendous spider problem . THIS PRODUCT DID NOT WORK FOR ME . Spiders seem to LIKE it ; they used it to make cobwebs on ... the product information included in the packaging ONLY mentions that this product is suitable for RODENT control ...
 I bought these , along with a humane trap , when I discovered that I had mice in my shed as I would never harm them . Unfortunately they seem to have no effect on the mice whatsoever . The device is turned on in the shed but the mice still come in . I have even placed my humane trap right in front of the repeller but the mice still come up to the trap and enter it . And this is not the same mouse returning , these are different mice of varying colours and sizes so that pretty much explains it really . It 's always debatable whether these sonic devices work or not , some people say they do and some people say they do n't . Obviously I ca n't comment on other makes but these particular ones do n't work . If you are thinking of purchasing a sonic repellent I would look at getting one that has many reviewers saying that it has worked for them . And maybe consider purchasing a humane trap as well . For me , I would never harm one of these lovely little creatures and with a little thought and consideration it is definitely possible to move these without harming them .
 I bought 3 of these `` gadgets '' for my caravan as it is closed over the winter . I placed them end of October and when I opened up in April the place was infested with MICE . They had chewed up pillows and cushions and there were droppings and mess EVERYWHERE . I killed 7 with the old fashioned cheap and cheerful snap traps . The Lentek device is a WASTE OF MONEY !!! THEY DO NOT REPEL MICE AT ALL .
 Placed in garage . Found mice attempting to set up a nest some 15 feet away from this device .
 In 2002 the Federal Trade Commission -LRB- FTC -RRB- charged Lentek with making false and unsubstantiated claims in advertisements for its electronic mosquito and pest repellers and its air cleaning products . Six months later Lentek signed an agreement with the FTC to stop making such claims . In 2003 Lentek went through bankruptcy and was taken over by Koolatron.The Centers for Disease Control -LRB- CDC -RRB- tested electromagnetic and ultrasound devices and found they do not work.Neither Lentek or Koolatron has produced studies showing the products work.Before buying , do a search on various combinations of Lentek , FTC , bankruptcy , Koolatron .
 Attaching the garden hose to this soaker hose is difficult . This is a cheap unit which is also shorter than I expected . The circumference is not what I expected or needed .
 You 'd think that something as simple as a hose that 's formed in a circle with two connectors would work just fine , but it did n't . Every time we turned the water on a very low stream one of the ends of the soaker hose blew off . We could n't get it to stay on , so now my handyman needs to go to the hard ware store and buy a new end end valve that will stay on when the waters turned on . Time consuming and a real pain .
 I bought these to grow plants now -LRB- in winter -RRB- inside and they arrived quickly . I love making purple basil vinegar and ca n't get any in stores at this time of year . But they did n't germinate .
 I am usually not critical of things but , this product should have never been sent . 4 boards were broken and it was put together very poorly.They used very cheap wood . I t was not worth my time to send it back . I do woodworking so I spent 3 hours repairing it . I used oak to replace the wood and glue and screws to hold together . It is now very solid . The design is nice but the workmenship is very poor . If I were you I would not sell this product again . It will give you a bad reputation . Thank you for listen to me . John Emanuel
 Received the first wagon planter , and it was broken in several places . Seller sent a replacement , but did n't tell me how to return the first wagon . Replacement wagon planter was received , and guess what , it 's broken . One major part is in 4 pieces . Contacted seller last week and I 've had no reply . Totally disappointed in this wagon planter and the seller . Now I have two of these broken wagon planters , and the boxes and packaging , sitting in my garage and still waiting for the seller to have someone pick them up or respond on what I should do to get them returned . My opinion is they should be thrown away .
 My wife is DEATHLY afraid of mice so that was our primary intention of this product . We plugged it in , but the mice still seemed to stick around . We killed a spider right by the device ! Our house is small so it should have been able to handle it . I tried all the settings I could think of . Also tried it in different plugs . Hopefully you 'll have better luck .
 I tried this device in my garage to keep out insects and spiders . After several months , there is no detectable difference except for a slightly larger utility bill.I think the spiders are better at keeping out the insects.I definitely feel like a sucker for buying this .
 This is one of my worst purchase @ AMAZON since last 4 years or so . The product pratically does not work ... drains only electricity .
 In 2002 the Federal Trade Commission -LRB- FTC -RRB- charged Lentek with making false and unsubstantiated claims in advertisements for its electronic mosquito and pest repellers and its air cleaning products . Six months later Lentek signed an agreement with the FTC to stop making such claims . In 2003 Lentek went through bankruptcy and was taken over by Koolatron.The Centers for Disease Control -LRB- CDC -RRB- tested electromagnetic and ultrasound devices and found they do not work.Neither Lentek or Koolatron has produced studies showing the products work.Before buying , do a search on various combinations of Lentek , FTC , bankruptcy , Koolatron .
 I purchased this item to place in my shed , which does n't have an electrical outlet . I thought it would be perfect since it 's portable and made by Lentek , a company that got great reviews for their other pest control products . However , this unit runs less than two weeks on battery . Not worth the money if you have to replace the battery every other week .
 I put the Lentek PR21M to work on 3/13/02 , I am still seeing spiders and ants after nine weeks . I am starting to doubt that this thing will work at all !
 After purchasing this to help battle a cockroach infestation , I learned that insects do not `` hear '' the ultrasonic frequency emitted by this device . Nevertheless , I plugged in two in my kitchen and my roach problem was not helped . I understand that it may help with rodents , however.This little device is a complete hoax for insect problems .
 The only available outlet in my son 's room was behind his bed . After a few months of having the PestContro in place -LRB- and not noticing any lack of pests -RRB- , I moved the bed only to find a Daddy Long Legs spider living happily in the web it attached to the no pest unit !
 My house seems to attract spiders . I do n't have any other pests except for my relatives and the occasional mosquito . I purchased the Lentek PC-01M Pest Control Original , and followed the directions for placing it in a spot where its ultrasonic thingies would have an unobstructed path . It says something about needing a few weeks for maximum benefit , so I simply forgot about it until one day , about a month later , I was cleaning . I swiped at a few cobwebs and remembered my new Lentek PC-01M Pest Control Original . Sure enough , it was humming away , lights on and presumably operational . I dusted the cobwebs off of it and shrugged my shoulders . Ripped off again . I have noticed since then that the first area to get cobwebs always seems to be directly in view of the Lentek PC-01M Pest Control Original . I guess the bugs like the darn thing . I sure do n't .
 I ordered two for the price of one , I received one and one month later I was told that the second item was no long available . Now I no longer have the package or the bill to send the first back .
 This product is a waste of money . The mice in my room are completely unaffected , and walk right by the device without any sign of concern . Besides being ineffective , the devices themselves make a slight buzzing sound -LRB- not silent as advertised -RRB- . I now have to buy a set of -LRB- humane -RRB- mousetraps , and I recommend that anyone reading this do the same and save themselves $ 40 .
 IT TOOK A LONG TIME FOR THIS PRODUCT TO ARRIVE , I 'D GIVEN UP ON IT , BUT ONCE IT CAME IT WORKS JUST FINE . IT EVEN SEEMS TO KEEP DOWN THE SPIDER POPULATION IN THE BASEMENT . YOU NEED TWO FOR A LARGE ATTIC , MORE IF THERE ARE WALLS OR BARRIERS OF ANY KIND IN BETWEEN .
 Despite the manufactures claims this unit makes noise . It has two frequency levels , super high for flying insects and lower for mice . I had it running for a few days in my kitchen on the lower setting . My house is having foundation repair right now so is somewhat open to the elements around the basement . I wanted to keep mice setting up home this fall.One day I had a friend over for diner . Within a few hours of being over , she came down with a headache . Just a mild one , but enough to make her comment about it . Later as she came into the kitchen to see what I was doing , she asked me what that high pitched sound was . I figured she had seen the box for the PestContro machine and was pulling my leg - but she had n't . I went over to the box and set it to its highest frequency and she could no longer hear it , but whenever I put it into the lower setting , she would wince with pain . I noticed that I could hear a faint static noise coming from the machine when it was set to the lower frequency too , but nothing like what my friend could hear . I unplugged the device . Within an hour her headache had gone away . I 'm returning my PestContro machine .
 Lentek advertises that this product can be affective on bugs , rats and squirrels on their website . When you receive the product it only mentions bugs and rats in the documentation . After setting this product on all settings for 2 weeks each , our squirrels , in the attic , have remained ...
 Avoid this product . The claims and reviews prompted me to purchase it , but I soon found out they were greatly exaggerated . We developed an ant problem this summer , along with the rest of the neighborhood . Wanting to avoid chemical pesticides in the house I purchased the Pestcontro Deluxe . The instructions conveniently state that you can expect a `` flushing out period '' , in other words - you can expect heavier than normal ant activity once you start using their product . Well , the flushing out period indeed did occur , unfortunately though it never ended . I gave the product nearly 1 month to work before I had to return it to Amazon within the 1 month period . On top of that , my wife and I started experiencing headaches which coincided with the use of the Pestcontro Deluxe - not good.I did end up getting rid of the ants - the old fashioned way . I used Max Attrax ant bait inside the house followed up by spraying insecticide with a pressure sprayer outside the house . The ant bait works great - within 1-2 days there was zero ant activity where earlier there was heavy activity -LRB- thanks to the Pestcontro ! -RRB- . I literally could not find one single ant on my entire property for a week -LRB- outside as well ! -RRB- , and nearly a month later my house is still ant-free . Save yourself the hassle and headaches -LRB- literally -RRB- , do not buy the Pestcontro Deluxe . You can do what I did for a fraction of the cost .
 We have had this hunk of plastic & flashing lights plugged in in our home for many months now , trying different settings to see if it would make a difference . There is absolutely no reduction in any of the pests from last year . I have seen spiders as close as a foot from it . I am the laughing stock of my family for paying good money for it ! And I 'm usually so careful about these too-good-to-be-true products . This one made a fool out of me .
 After reading all the glowing reviews about how good this product is , I decided to give it a try . My apartment had been teeming with roaches and I wanted to try a hassle-free way of ridding them . This product does NOT work . Short and simple . This device is supposed to repel roaches but I see roaches crawling all over it . I have tried all combinations of settings available on the device -LRB- high , low , continuous , variable , random , etc -RRB- but still no luck . Save yourself some frustrations -LRB- and money -RRB- by buying a can of bug spray or a box of roach motel !
 This product did absolutely nothing . After doing more research , I found out that the Federal Trade Commission is charging Lentek with making false and unsubstantiated claims in its advertisements for its electronic pest repellers , as of August 2002 . ... Please do not make the same mistake that I did !
 I bought this as a Gold Box item , so I did not research it too much beforehand . I did check out the Lentek website , and it said that the product supposedly gets rid of spiders . We have had a outbreak of a spider problem in our garage , so I purchased it . I liked the idea of using no pesticides , and not having to keep sweeping the webs every week.Upon receipt , I noticed that the instructions were quite poor . There are a few different settings that one can use in combination - high frequency , low frequency , variable timing , etc. , but there is no help on how to set the unit for different types of pests . It leaves you to guess.There are many spiders in our garage , so it was easy to find one near a power outlet and then set it up . I tried one setting overnight , not 18 inches from a spider . The next morning , the spider was still there . So I tried a different combination - that evening after work , still there . I moved the unit to another location that I found more spiders , set it to vary frequencies and timing , but the next morning , the spiders were still there . I left it on that day , and when I came back , those spiders were gone , but a new spider had set up shop on the other side of the unit about 3 feet away.Perhaps this works for some people 's pests , but for the spiders in my garage , it did not . I am returning the item . I guess bug spray is the answer here.One other annoying item - if you set it to vary frequencies and/or timing , it makes a loud clicking sound when it switches between modes . I would hate to have this inside my house , it would be quite bothersome after a while .
 We -LSB- bought -RSB- this product ... It did n't repel any insects at all . Instead , we were constantly seeing roaches and roach droppings * around * the unit . It actually attracted them instead of repelling them !!! DO NOT BUY !!!
 I purchased this unit to handle a big ant and spider problem I get every summer in and around my garage . I kept it in place for 2 weeks and saw ABSOLUTELY NO REDUCTION in the number of creepy crawlies . Frustrated -- and pretty disappointed that the marketing hype ... with no independent verification of effectiveness -- I went to -LSB- local home store -RSB- and bought a half gallon of broad spectrum insect killer in a spray bottle ... After a SINGLE application , my problem was gone . My advice to anyone considering this snake oil gadget is to save yourself some time , money and hassles and just skip straight to the proven chemical products .
 I have found that PestContro 2000 does not help to keep the cockroaches away from my flat . It is not as `` powerful '' as I would have expected .
 I had high hopes for this expensive device . Unfortunately , it did n't repel anything at all . Ants , spiders , centipedes , all were walking around this device in a small room . This was after continuous use of the device for at least 2 weeks -LRB- as recommended by the company -RRB- at the setting for small bugs.I hate to do this but I am going to buy the regular bug traps now .
 When I ordered these Lentek PestContro-s , I ordered 3 , thinking they would help my bug problem . I have ants -LRB- tiny ones -RRB- and , occasionally , `` Palmetto Bugs '' - which are really giant cockroaches - here in Florida . I was hoping to deter their getting to feel at home in my house . I have no rat or mice problems ... just bugs . They do n't seem to make any difference on bugs . -LRB- Dammit ! -RRB- I gave it a one-star rating because I do n't feel like taking the trouble to pack them up and send them back . -LRB- signed -RRB- Madeline Bohannon
 I was so hoping this would work . Tried both fixed and variable settings but no deal . So , I ended up returning it .
 In 2002 the Federal Trade Commission -LRB- FTC -RRB- charged Lentek with making false and unsubstantiated claims in advertisements for its electronic mosquito and pest repellers and its air cleaning products . Six months later Lentek signed an agreement with the FTC to stop making such claims . In 2003 Lentek went through bankruptcy and was taken over by Koolatron.The Centers for Disease Control -LRB- CDC -RRB- tested electromagnetic and ultrasound devices and found they do not work.Neither Lentek or Koolatron has produced studies showing the products work.Before buying , do a search on various combinations of Lentek , FTC , bankruptcy , Koolatron .
 I 've purchased several of these types of devices before so I should have known better . I 'm having a very annoying problem with mice in my ground floor apartment . My place is clean AND I have a cat and I 'm still catching these annoying little vermin ! Trust me , they ai n't so cute and they have a disgusting musky odor ! I 'm calling an exterminator . If you 're purchasing this to get rid of existing mice , please save your money . Buy some chunky peanut butter and traps , try to find out how they 're getting in and stop up the holes with steel wool . When you see two mice come out two feet away from the `` Rodent Repeller '' , you know you 're in trouble . I 've owned this for over a month so I 've given it more than a fair chance . I would have called an exterminator sooner but my landlord is abroad and he 's also cheap so I thought I 'd do my best to try to get rid of Mickey and his friends first . I really wanted this thing to work . I hated the idea of killing them ... but , that was then and this is now . I 'm having nightmares . Think `` Ben '' but smaller ! ; -RRB-
 I bought this , because we 'd started having a real mouse problem in our home . I plugged it in , and I waited for the recommended 6 to 9 days . After 3 weeks , we set mouse traps in front of it and were catching mice daily . This did n't deter them at all.I actually came into the kitchen one evening to turn off a light that had been left on and saw a mouse sitting in front of the unit eating some crumb my daughter had dropped.The unit may have been defective -LRB- no way of checking -RRB- , but I would n't have another one .
 the delivery was fast , but the product is totally useless , after a month , no single pest has been chased away .
 I placed this thing in my small bedroom , and it 's not even 200 sq. ft. and guess what , I always see roaches coming out from my AC duct , and even clawing over my bed , and many times too . It freaks me out ! I do n't believe any of this thing anymore ! Roaches are so hard to get rid of ! I hate it !
 I am surprised that Amazon permits the sale of this equipment . Many scientific evaluations have shown that the sound generators have no effects what so ever against rodents-or for that matter against mosquitoes .
 We purchased this item in March and we have yet to see any results . Living in NYC apartments , I know pests can be a problem but after more than a month we were hoping for an improvement , at least . None . Not the most expensive product but certainly a waste of money if it does n't do the job .
 Ultrasonic pest repellers are a waste of money . While pests can hear ultrasounds that humans ca n't , even if initially frightened by these sounds , rodents will always realize the sounds are n't connected to any form of danger and will return to their feeding and nesting areas.Query their effectiveness on Yahoo! or Google and read for yourself.And lastly , your pets CAN hear ultrasound as well , yet they remain largely unaffected by these devices . Consider that .
 I bought a case of this product to remove the moles in my yard . I was told by the yard guy that this would do the job . I applied 8 bottles to my entire lawn over the summer . I still have moles and they did more damage to my lawn after the application than they had before .
 I applied the entire quart bottle to an area about 10 sq meters over a period of 2 weeks . Before application , the voles LOVED my grass . I had so many repeat customers they had literally worn a trail to their favorite booths . I thought that my lawn would never be able to support more clientele . Boy , was I wrong ! After application of Bonide 's Molemax , the voles doubled in number and voracity . They loved this stuff so much , they started leaving 5-star reviews on Yelp ! about my yard . They told all their friends about the magnificent new sauce on my lawn and absolutely devoured it . In 'n' Out was ranked 2nd behind my lawn in popularity by voles in my area.The 1 star is for the name of this product . It says `` repellent '' but what it actually does is the complete opposite . Note that the voles ONLY ate the grass where Bonide 's Molemax was applied . They did n't even touch a blade anywhere else .
 I bought this tiller about a year ago for a small garden and realized Troy-Built is manufacturing JUNK ! If you want to break ground in 1 inch increments at a time , then this tiller is just for you ! If you want to vibrate your hand to death while tilling , then this tiller is just for you . If you want a tiller that is hard to control by tilling in a straight line , then this tiller is just for you . If you want to tear out the guts for hours to replace a belt with no instruction what so ever on how to do this , then this tiller is just for you . I guess this is a company now operated by a CEO interested in profits only and willing to compromise quality and consumer satisfaction for self gain . It 's sad to see a good company going down the drain . I will never purchase a Troy-Built product again .
 I like the looks of this tool . It 's comfortable , and the handle lets you get a lot of leverage . It 's nice in loose garden soil , but it 's not sturdy enough for compacted soil . I bent mine soon after I started using it on the dandelions in my lawn.UPDATE
 Was digging up some bulbs and sure enough it is shaped like a bananna now .
 This tool was very useful and had great ergonomics . Unfortunatley , the light weight came at a great cost -- it broke within the first few weeks of ownership . It helped me weed out about 100 dandelions before it snapped violently in slightly stiff soil .
 The tip broke the very first time I used it . About 1 1/2 inches broke off the end of the tool in the dirt . Tool still works , but the lightweight metal is too lightweight for any serious weeding . Very disappointed !
 Oh , Emergency Surgery was dodged , thanks to my heavy duty gloves and maybe some good Karma . There are 2 very , very sharp blades at the base of the handle ... the flanges on the top of the silver part of the shovel . The rest of the shovel is not sharp enough to weed in my clay soil . I slit my glove between my fingers but thankfully realized my glove was being cut ... all in a microsecond . I am an award winning gardener and I love sharp tools , but this is a serious injury waiting to happen ... and I love the radius garden tools ... just not this one . I want to send it back , but it will cost me more to send it back than it is worth . I could have the knifey thingys filed off , but it still wo n't do its job . Hmmm ... Radius Garden ... who designed and tested this for you ? I ca n't even get a dandelion or milk weed out of the clay soil ... back to the dandelion digger . I can buy any tool I want with all the money I just saved in medical costs!Radius Garden 102 Ergonomic Aluminum Hand WeederWhew ! The garbage collector comes on Monday .
 This tool is really a great size for weeding , but they bend easily and I have broken several of them .
 Soil was n't that hard , and the blade was n't that deep . I had a lot of leverage , but the dandelion had more . Love the handle and adore my NRG digging fork , but i wo n't be buying a replacement , as i came here to do today , because of all the reports of similar breakage of the blade .
 Our Yard Man lasted less than a full season . It cut grass fine , and I never had a problem getting it started etc. . However , it lacked durability . Almost immediately , the plastic housing which covers the engine began to crack , and eventually broke in several places . Early this season , the Yard Man began to spit out the spark plug every once in a while . The part of the engine housing the block was worn / stripped and I had never put a wrench on it at all . Another reviewer mentioned an engine block problem . I think the Yard Man 's engine blocks are too weak .
 I bough this Yard Man Mower in 2001 and it is falling apart . It has too light of metal gage for a housing , the handle broke , a metal bracket broke off under the house and was destroyed . The only thing I can say good about it is that the motor starts on the first try and that 's about it . I would not recommend this brand to anyone .
 This product needs more explanation about warranties because every part is cover by different manufacture and they does not want to cover that warranty because we bought that product via internet.Take care with that product .
 i bought this lawnmower -LRB- brand new -RRB- 3 years ago expecting to have good lawnmower for several years - well i went to start it this year and it is locked up , i had taken good care of this machine so i expected many years of use -LRB- deffinetly more than the 3 i got -RRB- - i ended up breaking out my old murry 12 + years old to mow my lawn this year
 After three years of satisfactory use the engine -LRB- always checked and changed the oil , cleaned filter , etc. -RRB- finally ejected the muffler and there was no way to fix the block . The plastic -LRB- !!! -RRB- shroud melted by the first season but that we expected .
 after not even two years the whole deck rusted trough ... also the bracket that holds the carburator in place broke off ... guess it could just be mine , but i 'm sure pissed ... . and I bet I ca n't find the reciept anymore ...
 This edger appeared to have a bolt missing from the engine casing that caused it to leak oil as soon as started . Yard Machines customer service referred me to a local merchant for a repair . That merchant told me they were not certified to work on the engine and most likely the engine gasket would need replaced due to the severity of the oil leak . The product is being returned to Amazon.com for a refund .
 THE ITEM WAS NOT DELIVERED IN A TIMELY MANNER . THE COST OF SHIPPING WAS NOT AS STATED . THE ITEM WAS DAMAGED INTRANSIT OR DAMAGED PRIOR TO SHIPPING .
 I 'm just writing this review because there shipping charge for this product must be a joke . on there home website it 's just six bucks to ship this clown prop . on amazon , they want thirty bucks just to ship it . there just trying to get some extra cash . I 'm not saying that this clown prop is bad , not at all . in fact it 's a great prop . just the shipping they want on amazon is outrageous . They need to quit cheating the public if they want to make a sale .
 not a bad product . it releases the water way too fast . if was over a two day or three day period at a slow drip , it would be a great product . however , this releases all of its water within a day .
 Junk . The zipper broke before we could fill the bag completely . I have owned s landscaping company for ten years and these seemed like a great watering aid for those without irrigation but its just a waste .
 The item label showing through the sealed package did not indicate a water capacity . It was only after I opened the sealed plastic pouch and read the backside of that label that it stated that it needed to be filled with 15 gallons with water . I called Amazon immediately after receiving it and explained the issue in great detail to the customer service rep who assured me that she would send me a replacement and that she would make sure that it was 20 gallons , not 15 . That was not the case.The replacement arrived at an inopportune time and I did not open it right away due to health issues and a long period of rain in our community , which made the item much less of a necessity than when I had originally ordered it . I did not realize at that time that the replacement item was identical to the first one that you sent me , a 15-gallon watering bag . Since I was sure that it would be the 20-gallon size and these unforeseen events occurred in my life , I unknowingly let the return deadline lapse before I opened the replacement and realized that it was again the wrong size . Although it was my fault for not opening the replacement immediately , I am very disappointed by the fact that the item is misrepresented on your website and that I am now stuck with both of them . This would not have been the case if I had received what I ordered in the first place . With the drought and heat that we had been enduring when I first ordered it , we really needed the 20-gallon size , not the smaller 15-gallon size , which we now own in duplicate . We have not used either one and have them both in storage until next spring .
 I simply could not get the product to work as promised . I tried it with three different trees , built up the level of mulch around the trees , etc. . In all cases
 I use herbicides sparsely but I do spray poison ivy every year . Do n't get me wrong , Roundup for Poison Ivy is a reliable product . I was excited to find 24 oz concentrate -LRB- in the rectagular container -RRB- at a price that saved over $ 10 per container over Home Depot prices ... so I ordered three . Before I was notified that my order shipped , I noticed the photo of the container changed to the premixed spray bottle . I tried to stop the order but was notified the next day that it had been shipped . I returned it for credit . The good news is , my Chapin sprayer works great ... `` You get what you pay for ! ''
 DO NOT waste your ' money on this . Any roundup product sold by this misinformed company will not work . Also , you will do better to purchase locally . If you have a problem with the product you will have a better chance getting your money back ! Rather than dealing from out of state . Never know what you might wind up with !!!!!
 Nickle plated , not stainless . This will rust if you let it air dry or put it in the dishwasher . For the same money , buy a stainless steel basket
 Looks great in the photos . In reality the copper is very thin and was already bent upon arrival . The frame requires assembly and does n't fit snug to hold the pit level . Pit screen is mishapen with paint chips . I do like the deep pit , but that is nearly all . I expect it to last a season before needing to be replaced .
 I ordered this for my hammock stand , installed easily , but when I laid down it streched and I ended up flat on the ground . There has got to be a better way to match a hammock to a hammock stand .
 this hammock is made of a nylon cord called duracord ... it is flimsy and stretches ... I prefer the cotton rope hammock , which is a true Pawley Island Hammock ... the `` good old fashioned '' kind ... the original ... thank you for asking .
 I hate to have to deplore a Pawley hammock . I have had cotton ones for years by Pawley , as well as by Hatteras . It was time for a new hammock and this Pawley duracord hammock got really good reviews . Mine just came and I was disappointed as soon as I opened the box to find the chain hardware so utterly small . I still have the chain from my old one -LRB- it comes off by unscrewing the large connector -RRB- and the chain is at least three times as thick and large which leaves room when hooking it so that the hammock swings more freely . The new hardware was definitely downscaled . But that was manageable . The hammock itself has knots in the middle , where the most weight will be , and most all the knots are not tight . I could easily tighten them . They seemed ready to come apart . It is so loosely woven a child could fall through the holes between the cord . Really shabbily made . I have reboxed it for return and have ordered the new , and larger , Hatteras Duracord hammock in hopes they make a better product.Pawleys Island Original Collection Large DuraCord Rope Hammock , Oatmeal
 This product looked good and was designed to fit my hammock stand . However , it has not stopped stretching ! I have pulled it tight to the point that I am not using any of the chain but have it hook to hook and it is still too saggy . The previous one from another company lasted 15 years ... I 'm already feeling like replacing this one . By the way , I weigh 185 .
 Let me begin by saying that the Pawleys Island Duracord hammock is just as described , it is as soft as a cotton model but much more durable and of comfortable size I could not be more happy with it and would purchase it again in a heart beat , my issue is not with the product but the service , although it seems cheaper on amazon than other hammock specific sites once the tax is put in it costs the same and takes 8-10 days to get there with the free 5-8 day shipping where the hammock sites arrive in 2-3 free shipping . If you are considering purchasing this model I would urge you to do so , but do it somewhere else .
 I received a Pawley 's Island hammock as a gift in July , 2009 -LRB- birthday -RRB- . It was the new DuraCord version . It was comfortable but the rope deteriorated and broke by August of 2010 , just one month past the one year warranty , and was not in a place where it could be retied . My previous hammocks made from the traditional cotton rope have lasted 4-6 years on average . I think they have some work to do on the duraCord product !
 The pillow sent is different from the pillow pictured . It is a flower pattern that reminds me of a couch out of the 1980s . Beyond that it is a polyfill pillow that is designed similar to other outdoor cushions . I 'm sure it would be suitable if a bolster is what you desired . At this point , I would recommend seeking out a more traditional hammock pillow or simply not purchasing a dedicated one at all . This pillow is not worth its price .
 It looked so simple . The illustration showed me how to adjust the nozzles so they would all point the same way . I took the thumbscrew , inserted it into the nozzle holes and got decent angles . Three leaked ... I called ... they said the thumbscrew was for another type of threaded nozzle NOT for my system . So why did they tell me to do it in the instructions ? I got some hose clamps and stopped the leaks . Then , today ... I turned on the mister , which was just fine yesterday ... and the Auto Drain valve failed and shot water across the yard . I do n't feel the need for a drain , so I cut it off and plugged the tube with another hose clamp . To be fair , they DID offer me a refund , but I 'm so used to things Not Working the first time , I decided to cut my losses and just be done with it . I do NOT recommend this system . If I ever do another misting system , I 'll build it with PVC pipe , which -LRB- of course -RRB- is what I was Trying to Avoid by buying an all-in-one type .
 This system seems easy enough to use . I permanently mounted mine to my deck covering after hooking it up and testing it out . Worked great for the first use . Only 3 nozzles worked on the second use a few weeks later . I tried to unclog the nozzles . I was so proud I had them working again after soaking them and then I noticed another not working . After a few rounds with them , I just pulled the whole system out and threw it away . I think if you do n't have any kind of hard water and you use these daily , you might have better luck , but in San Diego , do n't even bother !
 Ordered from amazon , arrived and interior box had already been ripped open , blades did not look used so I installed them , then I started to install the mulch cover . 3 missing parts . Amazon only allows you to return the whole thing , no option for them to ship the 2 nuts and spacer ... I do n't want to take the blades back off so I 'm stuck jury rigging a `` brand new '' item ... frustrating
 I ordered this unit to use on my 48 '' Husqvarna with a 23hp Briggs and Stratton engine -LRB- YTH23V48 -RRB- . INSTALLATION : The discharge cover did not fit correctly . My deck must be a different year than the other reviewers who claim it fit fine . Mine did not have the holes where the instructions specified -LRB- they were n't anywhere close -RRB- . I bought my mower from Lowes in April 2010 . With a little engineering , i was able to get the cover securely mounted . The blades fit fine and seemed as beefy as the OEM blades.PERFORMANCE : The mulching blades are not designed to lift the grass as the `` HI lift '' OEM blades are . The result is almost no suction at all on the grass while mowing . I used to have great mowing lines and a perfectly level cut . Not with the mulching blades , they leave light directional lines for each blade and do not look aesthetically pleasing as the OEM blades do . Also , since there is no suction , the grass is not as even as with the OEM blades.The kit made my engine bog down in heavy grass that was not wet . The grass was lush and green -LRB- probably had high moisture content in the grass itself -RRB- but was n't wet to the touch . My grass was not that long either as I was mowing every 5 days . This caused me to have to mow at about half the speed previously did . After several weeks without rain i now have a browner , less lush yard , and I can once again mow normal speed w/o bogging down the engine.The mulch kit does a good job mulching , if you can tolerate the aforementioned negatives . It only left small trails of clippings when my grass was thick and lush and it was cutting about and inch and a half off the top . When mowing parts of my yard that were n't as thick there were no trails of clippings.I am contemplating trying the Gator brand mulching blades which are supposed to have better lift . But i may just switch back to my HI lift non-mulching blades and mow more frequently to minimize the clippings .
 The picture of this chime looked adorable so I ordered it . When the product arrived , it was all tangled , the beads were falling off , part of the wind chime itself was broken , and a metal shaving went right into my hand ! There was no possible way to untangle the mess . I notified amazon and sent it back requesting a full refund . This is not worth the money it is being advertised for , and it is purely decorative . You could not hang these outdoors , it is far to flimsey .
 The picture looks better than the actual wind chime . It came broken , one of the strings broke , it looks like they packaged it broken because the beads were missing . I wou n't order this item or from this company . It tooks a week to ship , the it arrived broken .
 One of the other reviewers is right
 i bought this to deal with an issue with my neighbour 's dogs using my driveway and the road as the bathroom.It does nothing to them , they walk all over it and and it doesnt seem to affect them.Its a waste of money !
 this product seemed to work ok , but requires daily application and is a strange texture that is difficult to distribute
 This product did nothing to dissuade the neighbor 's cat from using our vegetable garden as his personal toilet . I spread the thick , gelatinous gunk around the perimeter of our 10 ' x 20 ' raised bed garden on several different occasions , only find our purring perpetrator 's special `` gifts '' semi-buried after each application . I suspect he rather enjoys the aroma and would probably give a five star review here . Like another reviewer , I also received `` Away from my garden '' `` crystals '' -LRB- not sure why they 're called crystals - again , the substance is a gooey thick liquid -RRB- instead of the `` Get off my garden '' item . I suspect it 's the same useless product with a slightly different inaccurate name .
 This product worked great for a couple of days . But it does n't last long . The whole bottle was barely enough to spread around the perimeter of my small garden .
 I dumped half a bottle over a 4 ft by 4 ft area where my dogs were digging . They did not care . Smelled the stuff and dug again .
 The picture does not correspond to the item I received !!! The order was placed based on the item featured and it 's not what I was looking to receive .
 Still not sure about this item . We tried to use it by the pool for beach umbrella set-up . I did n't look at it closely until we were going home . The umbrella did not stand up well , but I noticed later that you needed to screw down the `` tabs '' to help hold in place . I would recommend staying with the regular `` heavy '' metal stands , as bad as I was trying to find something more convenient , easier to pack and cheaper . Sorry .
 Do n't waste your money on this cheap product and buy yourself a metal one.It would n't even accept the largest size pole it claims to hold .
 Do n't buy this umbrella stand . I wish I could return it but the postage would exceed the cost of the item . -LRB- one problem buying online -RRB- . We tried using water in the container and it just does n't support even a small umbrella . We even tried using sand and it still wo n't support a small umbrella . I do n't think concrete would work either because the base is just too unstable . This is a cheap , useless , knock off of the Jordan Brown base .
 This was a total waste of money . It does n't even hold up an umbrella . This is a good example of you get what you pay for . Take my advise and do n't waste your money .
 These are completely useless for a free standing umbrella , though may work with a table for stabilization . They just do n't have the weight or spread for free standing .
 This umbrella stand isnt worth the box its packed in ! Dont bother with these.I bought two new umbrellas for my patio area this summer , and needed two stands . I thought , I 'd try it out ... in concept ... water making the base heavy enough to hold up the umbrella didnt seem to far fetched to me . My umbrellas are both around $ 100 each and they are rather cheap so I was n't going to buy an expensive stand to hold up a cheap umbrellas . But this , was a poor choice . Not only is the water not making this very smallish round stand not sturdy enough , the actual tube you slip the umbrella pole down into ... its a joke . My husband and I both could n't believe how poorly designed this was . I bought it at Target for $ 12 two days ago . They are in my trunk ready to return . Live and learn .
 Cover came fast and undamaged which is great but quality of cover is n't great ours lasted 1 season -LRB- not even a full year -RRB- seems the draw string that you use to keep the cover snug over pool tear into the plastic easily and renders the cover useless .
 It was a glorified round tarp !!! I was very disappointed in the material and durability of this product .
 hi , genius the EU flag has 12 starts in which ALL STARS FACE IN THE SAME DIRECTION
 I have had the unit for about 2 + years . It is a very good ` blower ' . For the first time in the 2 years I 've owned it I decided to vacuum some leaves . There must have been a clump of wet ones that got sucked up into it . Within seconds the motor began to burn up . I noticed one of the blades had broken too . With the broken blade it caused it to be unbalanced and consequently did not function well . Conclusion
 First one lasted 5 minutes . Second one lasted 10 minutes . Third one has between 1 and 2 hours of total runtime over a year and just burned up . No more Toro Rake & Vac 's for me .
 I bought this unit 6 months ago and the bag 's zipper broke after just a few uses . It is made very cheaply and when it breaks it makes the unit useless for vac . Mechanically it has been fine .
 I purchased the `` No/No Hourglass Bird Feeder '' and I was unhappy with the results . The birds had difficulty getting the sunflower seeds through the mesh . After a couple days of watching the birds struggle to extract the seeds , I returned the product . On a plus side , the build quality seemed to be of a high quality .
 I ordered this in a hurry and did n't read all the fine print . I figured a bird feeder holds birdseed , noticed the high ratings and ordered . When I got it , I realized that it does not hold bird seed , but only sunflower seeds . So , if you are looking for a sunflower seed holder , this is great , maybe , but do n't get regular wild bird mix or song bird mix and expect it to work with this . I never return ANYTHING , but I 'm returning this . -LRB- My bad , should have read all the reviews and description more carefully . -RRB-
 The concept is absolutely fabulous but the manufacturing is substandard .1 . -RRB- For a device that is supposed to be in close proximity to a fire , its heat resistance is miserable . I was cooking a whole chicken over the old campfire this summer when the noise from the motor stopped . It turns out that the heat from the campfire melted the internal soldering that connected the power wire to the rotisserie motor . It also melted the plastic -LRB- yes plastic -RRB- battery cover right off . I had to play MacGyver and use a steak knife and some aluminum foil to fix it . 2 . -RRB- Not only is the motor susceptible to heat but the batteries have a problem staying connected . The two D Cell batteries balance on top of two metal prongs which provide the positive connection point . The weight of the batteries actually bends these prongs , causing the circuit to break and the motor to shut off . I had to once again play MacGyver and use wads of aluminum foil as structural supports for the battery connectors .3 . -RRB- Other areas that need improvement are the spit forks that come with the set . They are very small and only two pronged . If you want to cook a chicken , for example , you have to manually bend the spit fork prongs outward to fit in the chicken properly . I would recommend creating a bigger spit fork with more prongs . 4 . -RRB- The spit itself is susceptible to corrosion in storage and is a bit on the thin side , in my opinion . So , I guess , in summary , I would say that the idea is great but the follow through needs some work . I would n't mind paying up to $ 80 a set for a campfire spit that is constructed well and takes the problems identified above into account.But , for what is out there on the market , this is the coolest thing you can buy if you want to cook caveman style when you go camping . How many people can roast whole animals over the fire without paying an arm and a leg ?
 This spit was really disappointing . The mechanism that turns the metal rod -LRB- where the batteries are held -RRB- is not even fire resistant ! The PLASTIC MELTED and started dripping into our fire ring !! We had to remove the device and turn the meat by hand -- a set up we could have put together with sticks and a metal rod . Really not worth the money AT ALL .
 I checked the batteries before inserting into the motor . The the gauge read full charge . The motor had a hard time rotating the 2 whole chickens on the spit . After 5 minutes the rotisserie stopped turning and I had to discontinue cooking the chickens . I ca n't tell if you need fresh batteries but it did n't work for me .
 I ordered the female mate to this , only to discover that it is not the standard 5/8 '' garden hose quick connect , but rather the 3/4 '' size for pumps . Otherwise , it looked good .
 This wedge is obviously unhardened steel , The very first time I used it to split a piece of wood the pointed edge of the wedge flattened ! It is of no use to me now , a total waste of money .
 I ordered this , only to find that it is a non-standard size -- 3/4 '' not the common 5/8 '' quick connect size that is widely available . Otherwise , the product looked great , though I was never able to use it find out for sure .
 For the first week , I loved this little shovel . Then , my husband used it to dig a small hole in regular soil and it snapped in two .
 I enjoyed using the big grip trowel before mine broke . The large scoop size was nice and it was comfortable to use . Unfortunately , mine snapped in half where the trowel meets the handle the first year I had it . Wish it were more durable .
 I do n't have much to say in this review , other than I attached my hose securely to the Euroblaster , had the switch in the `` off '' position , turned on the water and after a couple seconds of a creaking noise , there was a loud BANG , big shards of sharp plastic were sent flying in the air and in my face , a huge gush of water drenched me , and that was the end of the Euroblaster.Honestly , some stuff `` as seen on TV '' is actually good quality , but I can not stress enough what an unbelievable piece of JUNK this thing is , and darn well could have seriously injured me too , at which time I would have promptly sued its manufacturer . How convenient that Emson does not provide an email address to complain , so this thing is going back in the mail for a refund.Really , please do n't buy this thing and save yourself the headache .
 I bought this thinking I could use it to clean my lanai . First , the product leaked at the hose end attachment , so I had to replace the washer with one that actually worked . Second , the pressure was really poor . It did n't clean any better than a typical garden sprayer . Third , I tried to make use of it for watering my plants , but my regular garden spray head had a farther reach on the `` jet stream '' mode . Finally , it broke and almost killed my husband at the same time after only four times I tried to use it . Basically what happened was that he had in the `` off '' position and then turned on the water full blast . There was a creaking noise , and then a sudden loud BANG , at which time the euroblaster blasted apart from the pressure . There were long sharp pieces of blue plastic that went flying everywhere and probably could have blinded my husband . I heard the bang which sounded like a gunshot , and my husband comes stumbling around the corner with blue plastic shards in his hair and stuck to his soaking wet shirt . He was momentarily deaf and seemed a little in shock . I went over to check the hose , and there were pieces everywhere . Even now after three weeks , I still am finding blue plastic bits in the yard.The package does not have any warranty or contact information on it , so I guess I lost out on 20 bucks . Do n't get this piece of junk .
 I got this as a gift from my wish list for christmas . After reading the one rave review I was excited to try it out . It broke the 1st and only time I used it . I am getting ready to send it back now . The part that you can turn to make the spray have soap etc. . Coule not handle the pressure of water flow and literally `` blew the top off '' of the piece of junk . Oh well I guess for less than 20 bucks your not going to get much .
 We received this after my mother-in-law passed away . It was still brand new in the box and was never used . I read the directions , filled the soap dispenser and was going to use it to wash my Jeep Grand Cherokee Limited . I turned on the water , turned the dial to the rinse position and the the dial totally exploded hitting me in the face with the 2 pieces of plastic . It sounded like a gun shot . The car wash/wax detergent splashed into my face and eyes . I had to run into the house and flush my eyes out in the sink for 15 minutes to get the chemicals out . Thank God I am a Nurse who had 13 years of Emergency Room Experience . This should be reported to the consumer protection agency and taken off the market.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !! IT IS DANGEROUS AND A COMPLETE WAST OF MONEY !
 I bought this thinking I could use it to clean my lanai . First , the product leaked at the hose end attachment , so I had to replace the washer with one that actually worked . Second , the pressure was really poor . It did n't clean any better than a typical garden sprayer . Third , I tried to make use of it for watering my plants , but my regular garden spray head had a farther reach on the `` jet stream '' mode . Finally , it broke and almost killed my husband at the same time after only four times I tried to use it . Basically what happened was that he had in the `` off '' position and then turned on the water full blast . There was a creaking noise , and then a sudden loud BANG , at which time the euroblaster blasted apart from the pressure . There were long sharp pieces of blue plastic that went flying everywhere and probably could have blinded my husband . I heard the bang which sounded like a gunshot , and my husband comes stumbling around the corner with blue plastic shards in his hair and stuck to his soaking wet shirt . He was momentarily deaf and seemed a little in shock . I went over to check the hose , and there were pieces everywhere . Even now after three weeks , I still am finding blue plastic bits in the yard.The package does not have any warranty or contact information on it , so I guess I lost out on 20 bucks . Do n't get this piece of junk .
 I do n't have much to say in this review , other than I attached my hose securely to the Euroblaster , had the switch in the `` off '' position , turned on the water and after a couple seconds of a creaking noise , there was a loud BANG , big shards of sharp plastic were sent flying in the air and in my face , a huge gush of water drenched me , and that was the end of the Euroblaster.Honestly , some stuff `` as seen on TV '' is actually good quality , but I can not stress enough what an unbelievable piece of JUNK this thing is , and darn well could have seriously injured me too , at which time I would have promptly sued its manufacturer . How convenient that Emson does not provide an email address to complain , so this thing is going back in the mail for a refund.Really , please do n't buy this thing and save yourself the headache .
 I do n't have much to say in this review , other than I attached my hose securely to the Euroblaster , had the switch in the `` off '' position , turned on the water and after a couple seconds of a creaking noise , there was a loud BANG , big shards of sharp plastic were sent flying in the air and in my face , a huge gush of water drenched me , and that was the end of the Euroblaster.Honestly , some stuff `` as seen on TV '' is actually good quality , but I can not stress enough what an unbelievable piece of JUNK this thing is , and darn well could have seriously injured me too , at which time I would have promptly sued its manufacturer . How convenient that Emson does not provide an email address to complain , so this thing is going back in the mail for a refund.Really , please do n't buy this thing and save yourself the headache .
 The product calls itself a `` grab bag '' and suggests that its value is a `` minimum '' of $ 19.99 . Think again about this one , folks -- there are NO free lunches in this world , and that goes for bargain bags , as well . I opened my LARGE box containing my `` goodies '' only to find a HUGE amount of stryofoam peanuts and a very small bag . Within this bag ? A single root of hollyhock ! That -- and ample dirt , for weight , I assume . The value ? I could have purchased that same root , alongside a pot and some actual foiliage , for less than what I spent in the extra postage . As I said earlier , `` think again . '' $ 19.99 + S&H seems a bit steep for a single root -- of hollyhock , no less .
 I believed this was galvanized steel receptacle - not plastic with a cheap made bucket . I could have purchased something much cheaper and had the same look/feel . The bucket does not feel like Steel and the thing is light - more like aluminum . Maybe I misunderstood what ` Poly ' meant - that 's a mistake I wo n't make again . I purchased 2 of these items for a state building - hopefully , they last longer than a few months . I do n't recommend if you are like me , looking for something durable made of steel .
 I bought this umbrella base from ACE Hardware Outlet - now they have another vendor that sells it for under $ 10 . I followed the directions and when I inserted the market umbrella pole -LRB- standard 2 '' in diameter -RRB- it would not stay - the base was too wide , then I filled it with molding clay - the next thing that happened the umbrella collapsed and the base bent out of shape - it 's made out of cheap plasic . The shipping charges to get it and return it cost me more than the base was worth . This is my first bad Amazon experience . They should not sell this trash .
 I know this was designed for picking up nut but I bought it for picking up brass . It does not work for picking up brass
 I bought this hoping it would help pick up our many walnuts ! It picks up the nuts ok but it takes so long to empty the thing , I might as well pick them up by hand . It picks up about 20 nuts so if you have a lot , do n't waste your money . I was very disappointed with this product . It is very hard to empty and one of the tines broke the first time I used it . I ended up buying a huge shop vac for the job .
 After 2 years I discovered that the clamp was cracked . The part is not covered by warranty and there is no replacement part short of buying a a whole new clamp -LRB- msrp $ 22.99 -RRB- . This part should be stainless steel , not cast with air bubbles in it . I will try wrapping a pipe clamp around it , luckily not visible where my feeder is located .
 I had high hopes for this product based on the reviews here and bought three of them . The upper clamp on the first could not be tightened enough to stabilize the pole , so I decided to try the second . Installed the second one per the instructions , including a screw into the deck railing , and it seemed to be secure . I was actually pretty impressed with how stable it appeared to be until about two minutes after I hung the filled feeder on it . The whole thing collapsed , dumping the feeder and seed into the yard , and bending one of the perches on the feeder pretty badly ; I also have a large chunk pulled out of the porch railing where the screw pulled loose . It 's a Yankee Flipper and was fairly expensive so I 'm out a couple of hundred bucks for feeder and pole and I have to repair the porch rail . Needless to say , I am less than thrilled with the whole experience . I was not using the extension they sell separately that gives you two clamps -LRB- one on the top rail , and one on the bottom -RRB- ; perhaps that would have made a difference had I known they made such a thing . Still , I would not recommend this product .
 This shovel is very hard to push and shovel the snow . I purchased theis item because of the reviews . My daughter who is in excellent shape and has extreme upper body strength she was n't able to push the shovel either . So now it just sits in the garage . :-LRB- We ca n't use it ...
 Since this had no measurements I assumed that `` half size '' was relative to the full size commercial sheet pans . The actual measurement of this rack is only 10 '' x 8 '' , my mistake , but it is very hard to tell from the photo that it is so small .
 This looks like it would fit a `` half-size pan '' , which I also ordered , at the same time , from the same seller . However , the grate is only half-half size , so I have to return it . What a pain in the neck .
 This thing - weighed a lot - I mean , it 's a battery , so OK - so I drag this thing , charged , out to the jungle with me . Spontaneously , the alarm goes off without any way to shut it off , until the battery drained . Thanks for giving away my position ! Then would not charge , would not respond , and there was no way to repair it.I will NEVER buy anything from xantrex again ! @ # $ % ^ & * -LRB- !!!!
 Seller will send item in such a slow fashion that by the time you receive it you wo n't even need it anymore . Then when you try and return it they will be rude to you on the phone . The icing on the cake is when you return it they will simply return the item to their stock and NEVER issue a refund . Do n't waste your time with this product or ARCA Video at ALL !
 I bought this to cover me during longer power outages -LRB- even short outages are thankfully very rare in my area , but it seemed wise to be prepared -RRB- . It works fine as a battery -- plugged into the wall or into the car -- but the solar panel is so useless that even in a fully sunlit window it effectively does nothing . Buy a non-solar battery and get the same thing without the useless addition ... or move outdoors and close to the equator so that the panel might actually charge the battery .
 We ordered this believing that the generator had some capacity . As it did n't we returned the item . I have still to receive a refund .
 This product is a piece of junk . It holds a charge for approx 30 minutes no matter hw long I plug it in . A very poor , cheap design makes be very sorry I bought this product .
 I bought it thinking I would have a nice back up energy for camping to listen to the radio or cds at night I followed the charging instructions and when it came time to use it did not hold a charge . I went back re read the instructions and followed the procedure again and then tried it on home on small electronic devices and it would only power them fro about a minute and the charge would say empty.A waste of time and money .
 Bought this product from a retail chain , because on was on sale . When to plug in to charge it for the first time , Beeped and said Voltage was too great , use the proper power plug -LRB- Code E201 -RRB- . Unfortunately it was the one that came with the Box . So played around for 30 Minutes , different power outlet 's , nothing . Read up online for fault finding . Not even listed on the manufactures website , this really is frustrating . Tried other variations , solar panel etc to work . No joy . Returned to Store , Lady similarly conducted experiments , different outlets , read the fine print etc. . In the end she gave up and I got a refund . I do n't know how exasperated I 'd be if I got this via Amazon . If the AC adapter that comes with box is mismatched and non-serviceable for the unit , shows you the quality control and thought for this product . Great idea and presentation , shot down in flames by abysmal ability . Do n't even bother unless you enjoy the lotto and have $ 100 's to waste.This is a genuine review and was bought before looking at the Amazon ratings .
 This product looked really new and innovative , so I decided to purchase it . However , this product does not charge laptops well or other pratical items . I returned this pieace of junk and received a full refund.Save your money and the hassle at the post office !
 For $ 19.90 -LRB- link attached -RRB- Kensington 33060 75 Watt Portable Power Inverteryou can buy a small 75 watt inverter , and plug it into your car cig lighter outlet to power or charge laptops etc. . I know you lose some portability , although they make cig lighter extention cords up to 20 feet long . I can see that it would be nice to have it in your tent and haul it around or whatever , but given that the best recharge rate in the sun is less than 1/2 a watt per hour and the unreplaceable battery will surely die in 4 years under the best of conditions , before you know it this will make a great boat anchor . The solar aspect seems cool , but if its basically useless and you throw it away in a few years -LRB- more batteries and silicon in a landfill -RRB- that is not so cool .
 Return Details
 I wish I could rate this at less than one star . It represents a terrible waste of money . When I moved out of state , I left it uncharged for about 4 months . It no longer takes a charge by any means and no longer works in any way , shape of form . The solar panel can be disconnected so I may be able to salvage it for use with another device .
 Bad battery not charging met my expectations not even reach 10 % , was a purchase for garbage , I am disappointed in this article
 Not the best for emergencies . Expensive item for what it does . Fancy cell phone charger . It failed when we needed it for a power outage . Does n't work , not worth fixing .
 I ordered a new unit and received a used one -LRB- retailer
 I purchased this item in May and I am greatly disappointed ... we read the insructions and did what it said as far as charging ... the battery dropped so fast i thought i was using a candle ... the thing is just a huge disappointment / / it does not to hold a charge the solar panel charges if you have a few years to wait not anything to purchase
 I got this unit and only 1 out of two fully charges . they hold their charge for a long time so its not really a problem . I actually ran a 110 volt light all night and not until the am did the battery finally quit . So , I keeping them for Power outages . For that they are fine .
 Quite simply , this thing looks great and the concept is wonderful . However , take all the best case scenarios and cut them in half on average . The company should be ashamed for publishing numbers that are not in the same ball park as the real numbers on my machine . I will say , it does make a great paper weight on a windy day and next time I 'll just by an extra laptop battery -LRB- much smaller & cheaper & lasts longer -RRB- .
 The product information should include these crucial tidbids , which you only find out AFTER buying -LRB- by reading the detailed owner 's manual -RRB-
 Many Cons - Battery not `` user replaceable '' -LRB- User manual recommends throwing the whole powerpack out when the battery can no longer take a charge -RRB- - If you do take the unit apart to replace the battery , it is an uncommon type not available at battery specialists . - Solar panel is too small to adequately charge the unit . Useful only as a top-up charger . - My unit has locked up twice , where the buttons and display do not work and you need to take it apart to disconnect then reconnect the battery to reboot the internal microcontroller . - Very difficult to take apart -LRB- to reboot the unit or change the battery -RRB- . - AC power adapter puts out too much voltage , causing the unit to complain about an overvoltage situation when it is left plugged in when fully charged . - Loses its charge quickly when not plugged in . - LED lights on both sides of the unit are wired to come on at the same time . No switch to disconnect one bank to double the runtime as a light source.As a warning , if you do have one , do not leave it off its charger for longer than about 1 month or you can damage the battery .
 This has garnered a lot of very negative reviews partly due to unrealistic expectations and mostly because of bad product description.It seems that a lot of the reviewers really expected to get the equivalent off aSunforce 50044 60-Watt Solar Charging Kitalong with aXantrex Technologies 802-1500 XPower Powerpack 1,500-Watt Portable Backup Power System . This is unrealistic to the point of silliness.Unfortunately the product description is misleading to the point of bordering on fraud . There is no mention that the 10 AMP hour battery takes 45 to 50 hours to recharge at 5 watts and that the AC charger is only about 10W and disables all the outputs but takes 20 + hours to charge the battery . Because the system shuts of at 40 % the 10AH battery is really about 6AH and that should be mentioned in the product description as should the rather unreasonable requirement to charge for 48 hours before initial use.As a 5W solar unit with a battery and nice status readouts its OK but the low amperage AC charger is a big drawback particularly as it ca n't be used with the outputs active . The AC power out is very dirty square wave and even the $ 40 inverter from Sam 's produces much better quality -LRB- at 1000 watts -RRB- although still dirty . Can only be used for Laptops or other devices that have a hearty AC/DC power supply or are very tolerant of dirty power . Not a bad buy but given the overall capacities should either allow simultaneous use of the AC charger , produce better quality AC power out or be considerably cheaper . It works OK for what I bought it for which is recharging a laptop which is rather a power hog and cell phones . But I do n't particularly recommend it.BTW the packaging is nice you use a tab to release the top and once hats open the package splits into halves so you do n't have to lift it out .
 Look if you want to learn to use solar energy do n't buy this product . Get a book and use that for starts . This products solar panel is only a 5 wat panel so you get nothing from the sun practically and you will always have to charge from the wall . This product sucks trust me and do n't buy it .
 Trying to go `` green '' , we bought this just for a simple , minor power source while away from outlets . We used it twice since we 've had it , to run a 12V dc fan rated at 10w and 0.8 amps . We also charged a small iPod speaker set . A few months ago while charging , the fan started running so I unplugged it . I just tried to charge it now with the AC adapter , and the fan started and the alarm sounded with an error message of E04 , overload on AC outlets . ? Nothing was plugged into any of its outlets . I unplugged it from the charger but alarm continued to sound . None of the buttons did anything . After an hour with the alarm still sounding , I took it apart and disconnected the battery . I waited 1/2 hr and reconnected battery . The alarm immediately sounded non-stop for another 1/2 hr till I disconnected battery.What a waste of $ 150 . It was used twice , never abused , and it craps out . Our $ 50 battery backup from Sears is still going strong after years of use , with 2 DC outlets that will take a AC converter , it does what we need . And as a plus , it will jump our car battery.Just a bad unit , or ...
 this toy was great fun in the pool for about 20 min -- then it broke . do n't waste your money . water gets into the battery compartment and toy dies .
 Too thin and NOT double sided so if you do fly it the image is ` backwards ' on the back side . OK for a wall or other display , but not for outside use .
 Received the flag with only 13 stars and has 15 stripes . Not sure what country it is from but certainly not a US flag . Total waste of money .
 I understand that you get what you pay for , but this is just awful . I was expecting cheap , thin material , but this flag is beyond defective . The blue portion is skewed and at an angle with the rest of the flag . Also , the white one the left side is virtually see through so you can see the dramatic angle of the blue material . The bottom red strip is also perpetually curled up , making it look thinner than the rest . I am not flying this flag , but hanging it on a wall . I imagine that it would last only a couple of hours if I flew it outside . The only reason I am giving it 2 instead of 1 stars is that it is cheap , so I have to expect some of this . The best comparison I can think of is Halloween costume quality.Although the flag is poor quality , this was delivered very promptly . It was folded and packaged well and fit into a small padded envelope .
 It is one big piece of Junk ! The material isvery thin and he prints colors ran into each other . The bottom line it may b worth the $ .01 but not the extra $ 4.99 fr shipping ad handling.Army , Navy & Military Flags - All Colors & Sizes !
 As posted before , the field of stars is out of dimension , goes half way across the flag . Other than that , it 's okay for $ 4 .
 very very thin , and came with one of the rings falling off of the flag , one strong wind and its gone , get somthing a little more durable .
 Not perfectly rectangular , cheap material , colors are not vibrant . If you need a cheap flag for indoor use only which will not be displayed , this will work . I discourage this flag being used for display , and do not recommend for outdoor use . If you need a cheap , low-quality , indoor flag for personal use , this works .
 Other flags may be sturdier , but you ca n't beat it for the price . Allows me to keep fresh , clean spares on hand without breaking the bank .
 Received the order very quickly . However , the flag was printed only on one side of the material . The colors show thru on the non-printed side , but appear washed out . However , since this flag was packaged together with a flag pole I wish I had known that the flag was not fit to be displayed on the pole . Also there was a spot of color bleaching on the star field -LRB- blue area of the flag -RRB- . I guess you get what you pay for .
 the flag is wrong the blue field takes up half of the width of the flag it is very disappointing to get a flag so many have fought for that is just laid out wrong
 This was a cheap flag made in China , with poor printed quality . If I 'm not mistaken , the American flag is only supposed to be made in America . Wheres a good class action lawyer when it really matters ?
 The flag was thin walmart grade thin cloth painted stars , stripes , etc. . Wish there was a $ 10 flag that was sewn , where I am located flags only last a couple of weeks .
 So I decided to go with a polyester flag as I had read that for high wind areas it was better than nylon ... well , I would n't suggest this particular flag because it looks cheap . Like REALLY cheap . Its very thin , feels almost like worn out cotton , and the printing is very sloppy , so the colors bleed and the stripes are kind of curved . I 'm almost embarrassed to try it on my flag pole ! I am hoping from 20ft above it wo n't look as cheap-o but I fear I wasted 5 bucks ... but I suppose what can you expect for 5 bucks right ? I would suggest this only if you need something disposable , like for a rally or game ... not for flying ...
 This is supposed to be a two sided flag but the backside is faded more than the front when new . This is not recommended.As an American soldier , I am embarassed to hang this flag due to the poor quality .
 Now granted this was rather cheap . But when I was getting it cheap I was expecting that to just be the materials . The dimensions on this flag are completely wrong . Its not even 3x5 ! And the blue portion takes about 1/3 of the entire flag up . The picture is misleading to what you actually get .
 Received the flag on 22 August and flew it every day . On 5 Oct , one of the grummets tore out and the other was rusted badly . Poor quality flag and the vendor would not replace outside of 30 days from delivery .
 Low quality fabric but ca n't complain because of the cheap price . But what made me unhappy is that the flag is not 5x3 . It 's actually 5x2 .75 might not seem like a big deal but I wanted to put this flag next to another flag on my wall but now I cant .
 This item was shipped and received within a week.It 's a poorly sewn and printed flag . It 's a really flimsy thin polyester material that feels almost as thin as tissue . I ironed and pressed it but could n't get all the wrinkles out . The sewing on this flag is off ; the top and bottom are sewn just a little too short for the flag to lay completely flat when placed on a flat surface . This causes the flag to pucker in many places , if you like the rippled look then this is the flag for you . The ripples make it look like it 's in the wind , even though it 's hanging on a wall indoors . I only paid $ 5 for the flag , it 's true what people say , you get what you pay for .
 Wrong item shipped . Took 4ever to get here . I was an idiot and did not realize this product was coming from another country.NEVER buy from these people . NEVER NEVER NEVER . Product was also of POOR quality . CHEAP . Wo n't even waste my time to try and exchange it
 This piece of `` paper '' called a flag seems as though it was made out of recycled paper ! When I tried attaching it to the clip , the ring on the inside of the flag ripped and fell out ! Do n't waste your time and do n't buy one !
 The flag looks better in the picture , but when you open the box , prepare for dissapointment . I purchased 7 flags to present to my family upon my return home from Afghanistan . I refuse to give my family these flags as a gift . Now I am stuck with them because it is not worth it to send them back . The only reason they did not get 1 star is because they shipped fast .
 The flag is a decent price and the delivery was fast . My problem is that the flag came with one of the grommets not attached to the material .
 this flag is supposed to represent the GREATEST country on earth and the makers are at fault as well as the SELLER ! $ 5 is not much to spend but i HATE that i wasted it on a flag with this poor quality . the flag is only printed on one side of the polyester . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! i WOULD NOT recommend this product and definitely NOT THE SELLER to anyone . EVER .
 This is a very poor quality flag , dont waste your money . It wouldnt last 5 minutes if you put it on a flag pole . I just have it hanging on the wall , but being that close you can see ALL of the imperfections .
 I bought a Kettler chair and lounger chair and this umbrella stand . This does not seem to be as well made as the chairs . You fill this with sand or liquid then the hole closes with a flimsy piece of plastic that comes off easily . I would not buy this if I could do it over again .
 I hoped that this would be the easy answer to our roof dam issues ... it was NOT !!!! This did not seem to be doing anything as far as melting the snow/ice ... so I put one on in the snow on the ground and left it to see what would happen . What happened ?? NOTHING . Please ... save your money and put it towards a roof rake.Learn from my mistake.I hope this helps someone .
 I tried and tried , but could not get the pucks to the roof not to mention some specific spot on the roof by throwing . I did not dare to get on a ladder since the snow banks are taller than me covered with chunk of ice from ice dam removal done by a crew that came a few days ago.Here is what wound up working for me . I took a nylon stocking , filled it with calcium chloride to form a sausage about 4 '' long . To make it easier to fill the stocking I took a 16 oz yogurt container and cut out its bottom . This made a nice sturdy funnel which kept the top of the stocking wide open for pouring the calcium chloride.Note that bigger is not better ! On my first try I tried making 8-9 '' sausage , but it made the sock too heavy to stay on the steep roof , and it slid off.I tied the top of the stocking onto itself and then tied it to a garden thread so I could retrieve the stocking later -LRB- who wants a roof full of stocking ? -RRB- . The thread turned out to be helpful on my failed attempts , when the sock wound up in the bushes and I had to pull it out and try again.Then I took an extension pole used for a roof rake . I replaced the big rake with a small brush so it would be easier to hoist it up to the level of the roof of my dormer where my major ice dam is located.My first few attempts were to fold the sock over the brush and dump it on the roof . But that did not work as either the stocking fell before it reached the desired spot , or I could not disengage the brush without knocking the sock down.Finally , the solution that worked was using the pole and the brush as a lever . I put the thread attached to the sock over the brush , and raised the brush to the roof positioning it where I wanted the sock to be located . The stocking meanwhile was laying on the ground . Then , using the brush as my lever , I pulled on the thread to raise the stocking to the roof . This worked very well the first time I tried ! -LSB- see attached customer image -RSB- My second problem area , is the steep lower roof . I could not get the stocking to stay on the lower roof as it has a very steep angle , so I suspended a stocking with ice melt on a thread from a window . I hope it will melt a channel in the ice dam . -LSB- see attached customer image -RSB- Update the next day : I am attaching a third photo which shows the channel built by the salt stock . This happened overnight . Pretty neat ! I can see the trapped water coming out of the channel.I also wanted to make a note that the nylon gets stuck to the ice . When I tried repositioning one of the socks it would not budge . The gravity makes it drops when the salt melts the ice around it , but reposition the sock to another spot turned out to impossible because it is stuck to the ice , and pulling it might tear the stocking dropping all the salt at once rather than via slow release .
 These things did not work at all . They have been on my roof for about two weeks . I chucked about 3/4 of the bucket onto a 10 foot stretch of my roof . I guess I will have to go on the roof to get them down when the girls -LRB- April and May -RRB- take care of the snow and ice dams . Name anything - it would have done a better job than these ... Monkey smoking a cigarette ? Yep . My cat . Yep . Do n't waste your money . These things are worthless .
 Do n't waste your money . I bought a bucket on-line and a bucket locally . Tossed them up onto the roof fairly close together after getting rid of a lot of snow with the roof rake . I waited ... threw up the second bucket at close intervals ... and waited ... . Two weeks later I 'm still waiting . My next try is to use old panty hose or knee high 's and fill with ice melt . I 'll toss those up where the ice is and then I 'll wait .
 They did not do anything for the ice jams on my gutters.They arrived in poor condition .
 I bought a bucket of this from a local hardware store to see if it would help with the ice dam on my roof . I went up to my roof , emptied the entire bucket -LRB- about 2 feet from the edge of the roof , and each tablet was spaced about 1.5 ft apart -RRB- and they did almost nothing . I did this when we had a warm spell in the 20 's and even low 30 's and I expected the ice dam to at least break up a little . All the tablets did though was to sink down a little ways . They did n't melt any ice except for the ice that was directly beneath it . Do n't waste your money on this junk .
 Would have loved to try this product , but shipping came to over $ 216 ! Where is it coming from - Mars ????
 i used this on my home and apartment buildings roofs and with both i got ice dams . This did nothing
 I agree with an earlier review that I would give this zero stars . They do n't work . What a waste of money .
 This product was quite a disappointment . I had thought that for some reason there was a special chemical used to help thaw the ice that was different than what I was using . I have used women 's nylons , BLACK , filled with salt you use on your sidewalk and threw them on the roof , works much better than what I am seeing currently.When I opened the container I really started to question how these tablets would work since they are white and so is the snow . Well , my hunch was correct , I believe that being white is one of the reasons this does not work as well as I had thought .
 I thought these would help melt the ice buildup on my roof . I got out a ladder and put a few up on the ice on the roof . After almost three days now there has been no melting .
 Not only was it deliver a week after promised is seems to have done nothing for the ice on my roof . Will never purchase this again , or from this distributer .
 This product was easy to throw up unto the roof , but it did n't do anything . Still had to climb up to roof to remove the ice in the valley .
 I have ice dams and currently have a team of insulation installer guys mucking around in my attic . I showed them the ice melt I got for a part of the house not accessible from the attic -LRB- this stuff , calcium chloride based -RRB- and they told me to take it back . Calcium chloride is damaging to asphalt shingles . They suggested getting ice melt made of magnesium or potassium instead , which is what I 'm doing .
 This product has n't seemed to promote melt on the roof yet . Half of the bucket contained broken tablets , and there is ground particles that I am unable to throw up on the roof .
 I purchased this in Feb 2011 . As you all know , the winter in Michigan was very mild . I opened one of the buckets yesterday -LRB- 30 Dec 2012 -RRB- to my horror , most of the pellets had turned to dust . or broken up into tiny pieces . I had 12 pellets , and a bucket full of bits , pieces , and dust.Do not waste your money on this unless you want dust to sprinkle in the down spouts . It will be cheaper to just but the product at the Big Box stores and place it in nylon stockings.I assume the shipping movement bounced the product in the plastic bucket too many times . As they sat undisturbed in my garage sense last year .
 I live in the Adirondacks , and have an awful time with ice dams . I spend a lot of time on an icy roof , shoveling and hacking at ice . I thought these would be a great way to avoid that problem.It sounded great - just toss them up ! So , I raked my roof , and started tossing tablets.THEY ROLLED RIGHT OFF THE ROOF . Then , they disappeared into the snowbank below.Are you kidding me ? These things are not cheap . I ended up taking them up onto the roof to toss them from there -- again , about a third of them rolled right off . The only way to postition these effectively is to PLACE them right near the edge . Much more dangerous than tossing a cupful of salt crystals from a distance.Extremely frustrating . Plus , as others have said , they seem to just sit there and not melt anything . At least , if they were in a cube or some shape that would n't roll off - they might have a chance to work .
 This product does n't work ! The disks fall off the roof . They became a pool of water after one season . And if they stay on your roof they do n't prevent ice build-up .
 I ordered and planted these smokebushes late June of 2010 . They were very small , but I was hopeful . Although I did n't notice any growth last summer or fall , I did n't really expect it . I took care of the plants . There is no sign of them this spring , and of course , there is no 1-year warantee like there is when you get most items . I live in Iowa , and yes , we have winter here , but still ...
 Did the other 5 star reviewer actually see the product ? These are tiny rectangles of fly paper that have holes on each end so you can put the -LRB- included -RRB- toothpick through it and stick it in your plant pot . I found them to be small and useless . The package could fit about 10 times or more of the contents it comes with . Disappointing - useless ...
 The product only partially works for gnats . The bugs are not really drawn to the sticky pad itself , but they do buzz around alot and if you put them in places where the bugs congregate you do catch quite a few this is certainly not a solution , but does reduce their number a bit .
 They just changed this product and now it is so much harder to use . The strips bend so do not adhere to the wooden sticks . I was pleased with the product before but now I just feel jipped .
 Fungus gnats live on fungus in the soil and on rotting plant root material . Therefore plants with this insect are probably being overwatered . Ordinary neem oil can be used as a soil drench at the rate of 1 tsp . per quart ; shake well . This is a lot easier and does n't show .
 My cat caught more gnats than this product . Very disappointed . Complete waste of time and money .
 Dont waste your money on this product . Followed directions and placed product in multiple locations . They have been in place for 5 days and not attracted one gnat , in fact the gnats can be seen flying around them . Absolutely a waste of money
 I have one of these units on my balcony and after a few years it has become brittle , discolored and inoperable . This is not a panel I would leave outdoors over long periods of time .
 I ordered this No. 10064 for the controller and got a Mike/Headset combo from a different supplier , and not the controller I wanted . It also was nearly 6 week before a refund was made altough i returned the Item the next day .10064 Is not the correct no . for this controller .
 I ordered and paid for two of these controls , enticed by Amazon 's 2 day free shipping and still have not recieved them 2 weeks later , even after contacting them and being promised they were shipping out immediately , nobody has been able to provide me with tracking numbers .
 I got this cause a friend said it worked in helping to keep our pond cleaned but it did nothing . The work looked just as bad as before we added it .
 I have one of these units on my balcony and after a few years it has become brittle , discolored and inoperable . This is not a panel I would leave outdoors over long periods of time .
 Sound was very low even in full sun and sometimes bad . I owned one before and had never that problem until the clock died .
 I love the clock but it was packaged improperly and when I pulled it out of the box the back broke off of the front of the clock . So it could n't be hung . We had to gorilla glue it back together to hang it . All this from a brand new item !
 Seller shipped on time , product was just defective from the manufacturer . Prompt refund through Amazon . Very good return procedures .
 THIS IS ONLY A WALL CLOCK ... SOUND OF BIRDS MUST BE ALOUD , I COULD HARDLY HEAR `` SONGS '' OF THE BIRDS ... REALLY I CA N'T SAY THIS IS A BIRD CLOCK .
 I have had an Audubon Singing Bird Clock for several years , but when it quit working properly I wanted to replace it . In doing so , I was very disappointed with the new one . With my old clock , I could hear the birds singing throughout the whole house , but the new one was so quiet , I had to be right next to it to hear the sounds ! I wanted to return it for a replacement , but was told others were disappointed also so there seemed to be no need to try another one . I REALLY hope the makers of the Audubon Bird Clock will make some improvements on the next ones they produce . Sometime in the future , I will try again and hopefully will receive a much improved clock !
 Not only did the vendor readily acknowledge they had numerous complaints about the clock , they also said there was no reason to send back a defective one .
 The hands on the first clock spun around . They were n't attached correctly . Clock # 2 had the same problem . Clock 3 did n't work at all . I am now waiting for a refund . I have now purchased one from Cracker Barrel that was on sale for 1/2 price and works properly .
 Forgot the fact there 's a sensor added to this version -LRB- I bought a replacement of one given to my late parents -RRB- , which I thought was why I could n't hear the birds , even with a night lig , even standing in the room ! I 'm amazed something this shabby continues to be sold and that the manufacturer has n't addressed this problem . I send them two emails , I was so ticked off . I returned it immediately .
 Used to have the frog clock which had different species and was perfect for sound . Wish it had a volume control .
 This would have been a great clock , but , the face was broken in to pieces when it arrived , I am going to try and find one with a plastic face .
 Not nearly as nice as a previous bird clock I had purchased years ago . The variety of birds are not as pretty and colorful as my previous clock . The birds are n't very loud and their bird call is very short . Do n't care for the yellowish backround coloring on the face of the clock , makes it look faded and aged . Unfortunaely , after researching , this was the only clock I could find .
 Called to report Audobon Singing Bird clock has very low volume though all steps followed completely and it was verified that there have been other calls about this . The manufacturer of the clock is at fault as they have decided to turn down the volume with these new productions . WHY ? It 's a shame . Was looking for the same sound I had on my previous clock this was a replacement for which was more robust . The seller contacted me personally and was very professional and issue worked out instantly . Please Feldstein @ Associates , , , turn the sound back up !!!
 I 'm a bird lover and received as a gift a previous bird clock that I really enjoyed . When it stopped after several years , I thought this clock would be a perfect replacement . But , the bird sounds are so soft I can barely hear them if I 'm in the same room . Thinking my light was too low I turned on all the fixtures and even got a high beam flashlight to add light , but the birds calls are just barely heard . I 'm disappointed in my clock .
 The clock is attractive and easy to read . However , like other reviewers , I find that you can only hear the bird sounds if you are literally right next to the clock . I placed it in a very bright spot per the instructions . I previously had a meowing cat clcok in the same place and you could hear it throughout the house . In addition , although the rim is plastic , the face cover is glass . The very first day I hung it on the wall , it fell off and the glasss shattered into dozens of pieces . Tiny fragments flew all over my kitchen including into pet bowls .
 It was destroyed before I could even get to see it working . Who ever used a gorilla to ship it should not send their packages to their local zoo to be tested for mailing endurance .
 -- and therefore the clock 's face , which is made of glass , was totally shattered upon arrival . I would order this clock from another seller . This is terrible customer service .
 Should have listened to the reviews ... purchased this clock to replace similar one I bought elsewhere . The second hand stuck almost immediately , stopping the clock . The bird sounds definitely were nowhere near as loud as on my original -LRB- and please , do n't anyone reiterate that the sounds are light sensitive , I 'm aware of that -RRB- . Returned it without problems , but am disappointed not to have it , as I loved my last one -LRB- whose second hand also began to stick , but only after two years . -RRB-
 I was very disappointed in this clock and sent it back because the audio was so poor that you could hardly hear the birds .
 This is actually a pretty cool clock . But , unless you already know all these bird songs by ear , it is impossible to set it so the correct song plays with the correct bird . Truly frustrating .
 We have had bird clocks for years . Ordered one from this site and when it was received the Birds chirped -LRB- quietly -RRB- and the Clock did not work at all . UPS just picked it up to send it back to Amazon for a credit . I 'm hesitant to order another from this seller after reading the reviews .
 Clock had no sound . I buy a clock which is suppose to have chirping birds every hour and hear nothing .
 I returned my clock because the sound could not be heard . I bought another one from someone else , same problem . Called the company and said they have had a problem with the sound and a new clock will come out in mid February .
 Still no resolution on this purchase . I contacted Pier 87 concerning the damaged shipment . They promise new shipment by Christmas and have not seen nor heard anything since.D Hartman
 I would love to write a positive review for this product , but it has never arrived . I have emailed the company concerning this , but they have not answered the email . I will be glad to amend this review should I hear from them so we can resolve this matter .
 I am only satisfied with the look of this clock . It is exactly what I was expecting but I was buying it primarily to hear the birdies sing so I am very disappointed . The birds do sing but it is so soft I can not hear it unless I am sitting right under it . My daughter has this same clock and her birds are very easy to hear .
 Audubon Singing Bird ClockClock arrived but is inoperative.Return slip Tele . number tells me no such product!Guess I bought a dud
 I received a Brazilian-bird version of this clock from our exchange student 's family and loved it . I purchased this one in hopes that I would enjoy it just as much . I would not have purchased this clock if I 'd known that you can barely hear the birds even when standing right next to the hanging clock in a bright , sun-lit room after installing new batteries . What a waste of technology and money to record such lovely bird songs and then not follow through with adequate speaker volume .
 I bought this clock as a gift and it was broken ... put in a battery and hands did n't move . I requested a replacement ... it was broken too -LRB- same problem -RRB- . I got a third one ... same problem . Finally , customer service said that there was a problem with the whole lot , and they were checking their entire inventory to see if any worked . They promised to issue me a refund . My advice ... if you really want this clock ... wait a few months .
 This was a dissappointment . The songs are not as loud and clear as the older model clock I owned previously that just stopped working . This was supposed to be a replacement and I will continue to look for the older audubon model bird clock at yard sales .
 I should have heeded the reviewers who complained that the bird songs were nearly inaudible . This made in China clock typified the poor quality control and craftsmanship we usually get from those products . The Audubon Society should be ashamed for lending their prestigious name to such a disappointing item . Apparently , some of these clocks are satisfactory and others just do n't work.I gave it to my bird-loving father for a Christmas present - and he was so disappointed . The volume is too low and the length of the bird-song is just one or two notes . Absolutely NOT like the bird clocks that were previously sold . Do n't waste your time and money.I am sending it back for a refund .
 I had a singing bird clock before the Audubon Bird Clock . The bird sounds were louder and clearer . This clock was quite disappointing and if I knew it was so inferior to my former bird clock I would not have purchased it .
 The clock itself if great but it has an imperfection inside the glass that is very noticable and the outside of the glass has a long scratch .
 We have had another Audubon clock for years and loved it . This one has annoying high pitched squeaky bird sounds . I ca n't believe it is Audubon approved !
 Purchased as gift August 4 , 2012 . Clock stopped working November 9 , 2012 . Sad . Looking for replacement , though , we enjoyed the bird songs very much .
 What a bummer . I bought a bird clock about 15 years ago -LRB- not an Audubon clock -RRB- and have loved it ! The songs were loud and clear , and when the batteries went out , I noticed immediately . This last time when the songs stopped and no new batteries would get it going , I realized it had finally bitten the dust . Just could n't live without it , so went to Amazon and ordered the Audubon bird clock . You can barely hear the songs at all . I really miss my old bird clock !!
 The clock is defective . It kept time , but you could not hear the birds . I wanted a replacement , but could not get a replacement from Lowest Prices & Best Service Corp. even though they say the are # 1 in Service , but Amazon credited me the cost of the Audubon Singing Bird Clock - 13 '' without returning it . I was disappointed it did n't work because I was having a hard time finding singing bird clocks . I still will be doing business with and through Amazon.com
 This clock does not work . The second hand sticks at the 9 o'clock spot . I contacted them 4 times and no resolution . The lady was very rude and hung up on me . Do NOT deal with these people !! `` Future Memories '' .
 I 've purchased the Audubon Society Singing Bird clock twice . I returned the first one because the bird calls were very quiet even when the clock was under a bright halogen light . I thought it was just that clock , so I tried again . The second clock had just the same problem , and this one also was returned . I actually own a similar clock that works very well -LRB- put out by another company -RRB- , so I 'm giving up on the Audubon Society clock .
 The clock itself was okay but the sounds of the birds could not be heard . I even placed the clock in front of a window for more light and still could not hear the bird sounds . I have purchased two different Audubon bird clocks in recent months and both of them had this same issue .
 I thought that this is a solar battery charger , but no ... You have to purchase a different component before you can charge batteries with sunlight . I found that to be quite misleading .
 Read description carefully . Its only solar powered if you buy an extra accesory . If you call it a solar charger it should do just that without buying something else .
 This is sold as a solar charger but you need to purchase a seperate unit to make that happen . I will return it just because I hate being misled ...
 I bought from Fry 's and paid the higher price because I had poor luck with common chargers and hoped this would be higher quality . Also I liked that it could do 8 or more batteries at once -LRB- for my external flash pack for photography -RRB- . I too was hoping the solar was built in like some flashlights I have , but no , you have to pay extra for that.I do not have good things to say about this charger . Its slightly unusual in that the positive end of the battery goes down rather than up but no big deal . However , when I put the first set of batteries in the unit got VERY hot . Worried , I unplugged . I tried later and it never worked since . With a voltmeter I found the adapter to be bad . It comes with a car adapter . I plugged it in , and a light came on for a millisecond and then never again . The voltmeter showed the 12v DC car adapter to be bad too . I thought of returning to Fry 's but I had thrown the packaging away . I thought of contacting the company but I 'm not sure they would believe this story . Anyway I surfed the website -LSB- ... -RSB- but it does not work . This experience was notable in that I went out of my way to buy what looked like a better product and it was not . At least the cheapo chargers I did not expect much . Lately I have researched more extensively and have since gotten chargers that are vastly superior but also cost much more , so that throws this charger back in the category of relatively cheap but $ 40 is n't that cheap .
 I was disappointed with this product . They do not look like quality pillows and the seems opened quickly . I would have sent them back when they came immediately except for the shipping costs . I used them for one year and then trashed them . They were quite disappointing to me .
 I understand that you get what you pay for , but this is just awful . I was expecting cheap , thin material , but this flag is beyond defective . The blue portion is skewed and at an angle with the rest of the flag . Also , the white one the left side is virtually see through so you can see the dramatic angle of the blue material . The bottom red strip is also perpetually curled up , making it look thinner than the rest . I am not flying this flag , but hanging it on a wall . I imagine that it would last only a couple of hours if I flew it outside . The only reason I am giving it 2 instead of 1 stars is that it is cheap , so I have to expect some of this . The best comparison I can think of is Halloween costume quality.Although the flag is poor quality , this was delivered very promptly . It was folded and packaged well and fit into a small padded envelope .
 It is one big piece of Junk ! The material isvery thin and he prints colors ran into each other . The bottom line it may b worth the $ .01 but not the extra $ 4.99 fr shipping ad handling.Army , Navy & Military Flags - All Colors & Sizes !
 As posted before , the field of stars is out of dimension , goes half way across the flag . Other than that , it 's okay for $ 4 .
 very very thin , and came with one of the rings falling off of the flag , one strong wind and its gone , get somthing a little more durable .
 Not perfectly rectangular , cheap material , colors are not vibrant . If you need a cheap flag for indoor use only which will not be displayed , this will work . I discourage this flag being used for display , and do not recommend for outdoor use . If you need a cheap , low-quality , indoor flag for personal use , this works .
 Other flags may be sturdier , but you ca n't beat it for the price . Allows me to keep fresh , clean spares on hand without breaking the bank .
 Received the order very quickly . However , the flag was printed only on one side of the material . The colors show thru on the non-printed side , but appear washed out . However , since this flag was packaged together with a flag pole I wish I had known that the flag was not fit to be displayed on the pole . Also there was a spot of color bleaching on the star field -LRB- blue area of the flag -RRB- . I guess you get what you pay for .
 the flag is wrong the blue field takes up half of the width of the flag it is very disappointing to get a flag so many have fought for that is just laid out wrong
 This was a cheap flag made in China , with poor printed quality . If I 'm not mistaken , the American flag is only supposed to be made in America . Wheres a good class action lawyer when it really matters ?
 The flag was thin walmart grade thin cloth painted stars , stripes , etc. . Wish there was a $ 10 flag that was sewn , where I am located flags only last a couple of weeks .
 So I decided to go with a polyester flag as I had read that for high wind areas it was better than nylon ... well , I would n't suggest this particular flag because it looks cheap . Like REALLY cheap . Its very thin , feels almost like worn out cotton , and the printing is very sloppy , so the colors bleed and the stripes are kind of curved . I 'm almost embarrassed to try it on my flag pole ! I am hoping from 20ft above it wo n't look as cheap-o but I fear I wasted 5 bucks ... but I suppose what can you expect for 5 bucks right ? I would suggest this only if you need something disposable , like for a rally or game ... not for flying ...
 This is supposed to be a two sided flag but the backside is faded more than the front when new . This is not recommended.As an American soldier , I am embarassed to hang this flag due to the poor quality .
 Now granted this was rather cheap . But when I was getting it cheap I was expecting that to just be the materials . The dimensions on this flag are completely wrong . Its not even 3x5 ! And the blue portion takes about 1/3 of the entire flag up . The picture is misleading to what you actually get .
 Received the flag on 22 August and flew it every day . On 5 Oct , one of the grummets tore out and the other was rusted badly . Poor quality flag and the vendor would not replace outside of 30 days from delivery .
 Low quality fabric but ca n't complain because of the cheap price . But what made me unhappy is that the flag is not 5x3 . It 's actually 5x2 .75 might not seem like a big deal but I wanted to put this flag next to another flag on my wall but now I cant .
 Received the flag with only 13 stars and has 15 stripes . Not sure what country it is from but certainly not a US flag . Total waste of money .
 This item was shipped and received within a week.It 's a poorly sewn and printed flag . It 's a really flimsy thin polyester material that feels almost as thin as tissue . I ironed and pressed it but could n't get all the wrinkles out . The sewing on this flag is off ; the top and bottom are sewn just a little too short for the flag to lay completely flat when placed on a flat surface . This causes the flag to pucker in many places , if you like the rippled look then this is the flag for you . The ripples make it look like it 's in the wind , even though it 's hanging on a wall indoors . I only paid $ 5 for the flag , it 's true what people say , you get what you pay for .
 This piece of `` paper '' called a flag seems as though it was made out of recycled paper ! When I tried attaching it to the clip , the ring on the inside of the flag ripped and fell out ! Do n't waste your time and do n't buy one !
 The flag looks better in the picture , but when you open the box , prepare for dissapointment . I purchased 7 flags to present to my family upon my return home from Afghanistan . I refuse to give my family these flags as a gift . Now I am stuck with them because it is not worth it to send them back . The only reason they did not get 1 star is because they shipped fast .
 The flag is a decent price and the delivery was fast . My problem is that the flag came with one of the grommets not attached to the material .
 this flag is supposed to represent the GREATEST country on earth and the makers are at fault as well as the SELLER ! $ 5 is not much to spend but i HATE that i wasted it on a flag with this poor quality . the flag is only printed on one side of the polyester . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! i WOULD NOT recommend this product and definitely NOT THE SELLER to anyone . EVER .
 This is a very poor quality flag , dont waste your money . It wouldnt last 5 minutes if you put it on a flag pole . I just have it hanging on the wall , but being that close you can see ALL of the imperfections .
 Wrong item shipped . Took 4ever to get here . I was an idiot and did not realize this product was coming from another country.NEVER buy from these people . NEVER NEVER NEVER . Product was also of POOR quality . CHEAP . Wo n't even waste my time to try and exchange it
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 I purchased this model and have found it wanting since it is very , very difficult to get the hose pulled out for use . The rewind function works well.I purchased a less expense modeL that does not have the enclosure that the RS 06001 has for the hose . The less expense model works very well and does have any problem when pulling the hose out .
 I thought I 'd spend the extra dollar and get something useful . I 've had it for 3 weeks and used it about 10 times and now it is in pieces in trash . I should have taken the early warning when the hose got a little stuck - that time I managed to uncoil the hose . The next time the hose coiled around the outside of the reel between the reel and the container ... . despite lots of trying I just could n't get it out . Because the whole things is totally encased in plastic I had to destroy the container to get the hose out.Basic point - it sounds good but it does n't work . Do not buy .
 We had a sweet pair of Chikadees making a nest in our bird house . We noticed that they were no longer around and thought they moved on . Weeks later , -LRB- today -RRB- , we looked at our codling moth trap high in our apple tree -LRB- per manfuacturer recommendations -RRB- , it did n't seem right . My husband climbed up and found that one of the sweet birds has gotten caught in the trap ! I 'm feeling very guilty and sad about this , and now wish I had smiply chosen a bug spray instead of traps . I had no idea that this could ever have happened.I wo n't ever use a trap or tanglefoot in one of my trees again . If there is room for a bird or honeybee to get inside , they are trapped just as much as any moth could be .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 Greetings , I purchased a RS-06051 two months ago and mounted it on the swivel they provided . The Housing is built in two large pieces that are screwed together . The seam of the housing runs through the mounting holes that supports ALL the weight of the housing and the hose . Bad idea ! The slip mounting bracket goes into the holes of the housing . Over a very short period of time the soft plastic bends and the seam separates . This happens because the stress of pulling the hose from the housing and rewinding is all concentrated on the seam that has no screws to strengthen it . . I am an engineer by trade and this was not designed properly . If you bought one , it can be fixed with a couple of screws and a small piece of metal .
 1 . its hard to connect the feeder hose inside the unit .2 . watch your psi
 Shortly after I bought the Compact 60 the winder started hanging up on the left . When I called their office , they assured me a part would arrive shortly . Well , it 's almost a year later , and they will not stand behind their reel . They ALWAYS tell me the part or a new reel will be sent , but always have an excuse why I never received it - they lost the complaint , they moved offices , please send my receipt , please send it again - they lost it , and today , their message says that the message box is full - & GOOD BYE !! Their warranty SUCKS !!!
 I purchased the Reel Smart hose winder , model 06051 and it did n't come with the swivel mount . After several frustrating calls to the company , I 've just about given up . They suck at customer service . I 'm going to return it to Amazon . It just is n't worth the aggravation .
 I had this automatic hose reel staked into the ground so it could n't move . After using the hose reel about 6 or 7 times , the piece where the unit hose connects to the device broke right off . The part can not be replaced , and I was told I 've had it too long to return.Other than that , the hose reel did work -LRB- a few times -RRB- automatically , but it wasted 2-3 gallons of water each time the hose SLOWLY reeled in . -LRB- To create pressure for reeling in , fresh water jets out of a hose near the bottom and leaves a trench in the yard if you do n't move the unit around periodically -RRB- . I will definitely go back to the manual hose reel made by any company OTHER THAN Hydro Industries . The manual type is much easier , faster and does n't unnecessarily waste water .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 We had a sweet pair of Chikadees making a nest in our bird house . We noticed that they were no longer around and thought they moved on . Weeks later , -LRB- today -RRB- , we looked at our codling moth trap high in our apple tree -LRB- per manfuacturer recommendations -RRB- , it did n't seem right . My husband climbed up and found that one of the sweet birds has gotten caught in the trap ! I 'm feeling very guilty and sad about this , and now wish I had smiply chosen a bug spray instead of traps . I had no idea that this could ever have happened.I wo n't ever use a trap or tanglefoot in one of my trees again . If there is room for a bird or honeybee to get inside , they are trapped just as much as any moth could be .
 I was very pleased with the product for the first year and after that it became difficult to unwind the hose , plus , water ran out the exit hose when handle in REST position . It has a two year warranty and so I called the company and they agreeded to send a part they thought would fix it . After five weeks and repeated phone calls , faxes , and e-mail , still no part . Now they wo n't even answer the customer service phone # at 1-866-493-7638 . So , I have a $ 70.00 flower pot holder .
 The concept is great but the hose reel does not work . First tried a heavy duty 100 foot hose which would not rewind . Then changed to a lightweight 50 foot hose but it still did n't work . A lot of water was wasted trying to rewind the hose . The hose reel is also cheaply made of plastic which can be broken easily . The hose gun holder also would not attach properly to the base . I expected better , especially given the expense . This hose reel is going back , and I will get a hand crank one instead .
 I bought one of the 125ft models and it seemed to work well . About a week later I bought a hundred foot classic for the other side of the house . About a week a tooth broke off one of the gears on the larger one -LRB- 125ft -RRB- now it makes a clunking sound when I reel it in . I noticed I seemed to have low pressure on the side of the house I installed the classic reel -LRB- 100ft model -RRB- . I just thought it was low pressure for some reason a certain times of the day . Today it was so bad it would n't even powder my sprinkler . So I by-passed the reel and guess what , it 's the hose reel . I checked the in and out hose for kinks but found nothing wrong . This is n't to mention they are both fairly hard to pull out . The larger one is so hard my wife refuses to use it . These things are junk ! The reason I paid over a hundred bucks for these is because I have such a bad back . I 'd be better of reeling my hoses in manually then continually bending over to mess with this junk . I will be telling everyone I can about how bad these are . I 'm tired of wasting money on things that do n't work .
 I bought one of the 125ft models and it seemed to work well . About a week later I bought a hundred foot classic for the other side of the house . About a week later a tooth broke off one of the gears on the larger one -LRB- 125ft -RRB- now it makes a clunking sound when I reel it in . I noticed I seemed to have low pressure on the side of the house I installed the classic reel -LRB- 100ft model -RRB- . I just thought it was low pressure for some reason a certain times of the day . Today it was so bad it would n't even powder my sprinkler . So I by-passed the reel and guess what , it 's the hose reel . I checked the in and out hose for kinks but found nothing wrong . This is n't to mention they are both fairly hard to pull out . The larger one is so hard my wife refuses to use it . These things are junk ! The reason I paid over a hundred bucks for these is because I have such a bad back . I 'd be better of reeling my hoses in manually then continually bending over to mess with this junk . I will be telling everyone I can about how bad these are . I 'm tired of wasting money on things that do n't work .
 I 've owned this unit for nearly a year and I 'm replacing it with a Rapid Reel . I thought this would be the ultimate convenient reel but several problems have changed my opinion . From day one the unit would clunk as the hose was removed and I also noticed a decrease in water pressure while using this reel . Recently the reel has started to bypass water when I 'm watering the garden . A small hose on the reel dumps water as the rewinding mechanism operates . Now I 've got water coming out this small drain line whether it 's rewinding or I 'm using the garden hose . I give up ! Just not the quality product I was hoping for.No Crank Classic 100 ' Water Powered Retractable Garden Hose Reel #RS 10001
 Product v.poorly made . 2 plastic stakes intended to hold it to ground both snapped after less than 10 ' of hosepipe retracted . In addition all screws on spigots leak severely . This is unusable
 We bought this and were hopeful that it would be great . We hooked it up out of the box and it would water fine but would not even attempt to rewind the hose . I tried to relieve all of the weight of the hose and NOTHING . We called the company and they said they have a part that will solve the problem and it would be mailed in 7-14 days !!! So we are patient and wait for it to get here . Again we put it all together excited that it will finally work and NOTHING ! AGAIN it would n't even attempt to rewind the hose . Call the company again and here we wait for a whole new unit to arrive . Again the `` 7-14 days '' until we can hopefully get one that works!There are some good reviews on here so I am hopefull still that we will eventually get one that works but you should know that we did not immediately get one as advertised .
 Bought one when they first came out . It was junk after the first year . Bought another one last year which was suppose to been upgraded and had the same results after one year . They are junk !
 Like other reviewers , I had a small part on the reel break . Instead of selling replacement parts at local dealers , the company claims they will send you replacements for free -LRB- $ 5 shipping -RRB- . I sent them a check 6 months ago , have called and emailed multiple times , and still no part . If they sold these parts locally , I would still be able to use the reel . Instead , they are forcing customers to buy new reels when the small plastic parts break . I do n't appreciate this sort of false advertising nor do I appreciate being forced to spend another $ 90 when it should only cost me $ 5 to fix their bad product design . I would recommend buying another company 's product to send a message to this company to stop their false advertising .
 A decent enough door mat but it wearing out on the very front edge -LRB- losing the blue coloration -RRB- after only a few months of actually use . . Probably would not purchase it again . .
 I thought this water-powered hose reel would save a lot of bending and give my back a break . Right from the start , though , I could not get a tight seal . More water leaked from the various connection points than came out of the end of my hose . Although the water-powered rewind worked - in a dinky , achingly slow fashion - the reel wasted so much water and required so much fiddling I returned it within a few days .
 I bought one of the 150ft models and it seemed to work well . About a week later I bought a hundred footer for the other side of the house . About a week after that a tooth broke off one of the gears on the first one -LRB- 150ft -RRB- now it makes a clunking sound when I reel it in . I noticed I seemed to have low pressure on the side of the house I installed the 2nd reel -LRB- 100ft model -RRB- . I just thought It was low pressure for some reason a certain times of the day . Today it was so bad It would n't even powder my sprinkler . So I by-passed the reel and guess what , it 's the hose reel . I checked the in and out hose for kinks but found nothing wrong . These things are junk ! The reason I payed over a hundred bucks for these is because I have such a bad back . I 'd be better of reeling my hoses in manually then continually bending over to mess with this junk . I will be telling my everyone I can about how bad these are . I 'm tired of wasting money on things that do n't work .
 Based on excellent reviews of Hydro Industries ' 200 model , I ordered this Reel Smart model . Hooked up a 90 ft flexogen hose and tried it out ... cool ! But wait , only 60 ft was retracted . Hmmm ... tried it again and it did not retract the hose at all . It just made a clanking sound but the reel did not turn.Called Hydro and was advised to return it.The Flexogen hose -LRB- and other heavy-duty hoses -RRB- have greater outside diameters than other 5/8-inch hoses ; the capacity of the reel may thus be considerably less .
 I bought this product from an ad i saw on tv , and loved it as soon as i installed it . the problem is that it quit working after about a month of use . I think the concept is great , but the plastic gears dont stand up to the task . I would love to see it made from metal gears instead .
 The manufacturing is defective in that the plastic coupling to which the hose is connected inside the device shreds and makes it impossible to have a leak-free fit . Another person returning the equipment at the same time I did had the exact same problem . While the manufacturer cautions with illustrations inside the cover near the coupling that the hose must be secured in the proper fashion , the awkwardness of the hose once in the device makes it extremely difficult to place it perfectly lined up with the inside plastic coupling . Simply starting to screw the hose coupling onto the plactic threads causes instant cross-threading if there is even the most slight divergence from absolutely perfect alignment . Had this coupling been made of brass or other metal it would have been acceptable . While the water-powered concept is excellent , this device is not properly manufactured for use as it is now sold .
 I rcvd this product three weeks ago , in order for it to function to any degree one has to purchase a vinyl hose , I opted for the Never Kink from Amazon $ 43.00 Then a week later bought another one same exact hose for $ 27.99 at Target summer clearance.All total I spent over $ 130.00 to get this ReelSmart Operational . The concept is a great one and it would work much more efficiently if the manufacturer advised one to only use a 75 ft hose on the 100ft reel and to get the 125ft Reel Smart reel for a 100ft hose . The problem is the hose never rewinds itself on the reel in an orderly fashion when it gets to the last 20ft of hose it stops because the hose bundles up on the left side then because the housing is too small to allow it to move freely it stops . When this happened the first time I reached inside the hose housing in an attempt to free it by sliding the hose over to the right WOW%%%%%%%$%$#%@#%@^#$@^^ WAS I SHOCKED my left thumb brushed up against the reel which is as sharp as a razor and sliced a piece off of the top of my thumb just below the nail bed . Very disappointed , there should be a warning label on the outside with regard to this . At some time most everyone who hasd this unit will be doing the same .
 Worked great for the first year . Cheap mechanism and faulty valve.About half of the water is going from the garden hose and the otherhalf of water runs continuously from the rewind hose.Don ' t throw your money away on this .
 It sucks . I can not un wind the hose and i sent a request to customer support for help with no response
 We ordered these plants in June . We did n't receive them until late September/early October . They were very small -LRB- 4 in . pots -RRB- and just did n't have enough time to get established before cold weather set in -LRB- zone 5 -RRB- . They did n't make it through the winter . We did call Spring Hill and they issued us a refund . We live near their garden center retail store . We went last month and bought plants in 1 gallon containers . They look great . I would n't mess with the small plant since these are very slow growers , anyway .
 I ordered this as a gift for mother 's day . I had ordered this item about two weeks prior , thinking this would have plenty of time to get there . Unfortunately , this plant never arrived . I was told it would be sent out soon . Finally after almost two months without a plant I finally got in touch with someone at spring hill that knew what was going out . I found out that the plant would not get there because it was out of it 's growing season and I would have to wait until next season or I could be refunded my money , but it took a while to get refunded on my statement . I would recommended to anyone ordering that you find out the availability is first , as well as order it WAY before you think it will arrive . If you are late in the season , or are ordering this with a time line , then choose another gift . Amazon was very helpful with me resolving my problem with this vendor . Spring Hill was slow in communication and providing conflict resolution .
 Kind of flimsy . I added an extra row of cedar 1x2 's below it and gave it a covering of wood preservative . Works well now , but for all the effort I could have build my own from scratch .
 I am disappointed with these signs . I expected them to be thicker and more pliable . Instead they are brittle . So brittle that just driving a nail though them splits the plastic . I had to drill holes in the plastic for the nails to keep them from cracking ! Also , the signs faded from bright yellow to washed out pale yellow in a matter of weeks in the hot sun . I guess it 's possible that I got a bad batch but unless you plan to use these indoors I would suggest you find something else .
 I purchased this grill cover in June 2009 . We are now in Sep 2010 and the cover has been tearing for the last 2 months as I remove it and put it back on my grill . I leave my grill in an uncovered area so it is exposed to the sun . It could be that the material is not UV resistant . The item descrption makes no claim of having UV inhibitors but it does imply that it will protect outdoor living furniture and grills from the elements . To me that means it will stand up to the elements when protecting your gear . It is a nice cover and I think it would be great if it did n't deteriorate so quickly . So if you keep your grill in a protected area this might be for you . If you leave your grill out in the elements , I suggest you look for another type of material .
 Squirrels are not attracted to it . We have mny squirrels in our area and non of have taken the bait .
 OK , I 've tried this sprouter 3 times now , and each time the sprouts develop mold on about the third day . Definitely not acceptable . I 've even sanitized the unit in the dishwasher , and am using filtered water , all with the same results . Time , money and moldy spouts all down the drain .
 I have owned this sprouter for several years , and used it 3-4 times per year . I have had awful luck with it . Everytime the sprouts start to grow -LRB- after 3 days or so -RRB- they start to mold . I have run it through the dishwasher , used spring water and filtered water and no luck . I have even called the company and they told me I am using to much water ? This answer was not helpful as I can grow sprouts in a sprout bag or quart jar fine.Save your money and buy a sprout bag or use a mason type jar .
 There is nothing in the design of this product that makes it work as a s sprouter . Thank goodness that I bought it at a thrift shop for under $ 2 and not new for $ 35 ! There is no way to rinse and drain the seeds and once I did that using a separate strainer the seeds proceeded to mold once placed on the trays and covered with the lid , I am assuming because the layers are fairly airtight along with there being no holes but the small one on one side of the trays . I am going to try drilling small holes in each tray and in the lid to see if this makes the seeds sprout without molding . Meanwhile you all go out and buy a different sprouter unless you have nothing better to do than play with sprouters .
 I had high hopes for this sprouter . Unfortunately the design is flawed . The reasons are as follows
 I borrowed one from a friend . It seems ideal for smaller seeds , like alfalfa & clover , but it does n't get the air circulation , so the seeds molded before the sprouts grew enough to eat.The best sprouters I 've used are the Sproutmaster trays or a fine mesh strainer set in a pot for drainage , or a fine-mesh -LRB- metal -RRB- coffee filter -- then you just rinse the sprouts often . If you do n't get good drainage & air circulation the sprouts tend to taste a little bitter .
 The sprouter is like a lot of others so to be fair the design is typical . The little red siphon caps color , -LRB- red -RRB- , rubs off on your hands . The little siphon orfices do n't drain well . The different trays are `` tippy '' in the base.The sprouts germinated fast . It is nice looking on the countertop . It really only needs two waterings for alfalfa , that was cool .
 If you are a volleyball official that is looking to buy flags for line judges , do n't buy these.Volleyball flags should be a single solid color .
 This probe , which is sold under various names , has proven pretty useless for me . The outlet for the bait in the probe 's tip , if you happen to over - or undershoot the tunnel , gets plugged with soil . Removing the soil involves disassembling the probe , which generally gets jammed with the bait in the process & requires quite a bit of force . I would recommend using a simple garden stake & a trowel or shovel rather than bother with this thing . -LRB- I have heavy clay soil . This probe may work better with other soil types . -RRB- The bait is effective .
 Sorry , but I have to give this hose a thumbs down . With all of the connectors and attachments , I have n't yet been able to find a combination that does n't leak horribly -- either at the base , or at the handpiece . One almost needs to certainly wear shorts or a bathing suit to use the hose because it 's guaranteed you 'll get wet while using it . I 'd send it back if I had n't already thrown out the box -LRB- still debating , actually -RRB- .
 The hose comes without any kind of manual or instruction , so you 'll have to figure out how to use all the connectors on your own . This is a minor issue . No warranty or manufacturer information either . This is more serious . Finally - the major problem . The hose broke after one week of use . Obviously , this kind of hose can not be repaired.Stay away from this one , and all the flat hoses in general .
 First off , this table arrived with pieces falling out of a box that looked like it had been shipped around the world . The metal is sprayed with green enamel paint - I expected it to be black since it was described as wrought iron . The wood slats are chipped and dinged . I will have to sand and varnish them . I would have expected a price of at least half of what I paid for the quality of the table .
 Yes they do kink . In fact ALL THE TIME . They do not corner . They get tangled ALL THE TIME . Very Irritating Product . After 3 weeks of use , we will be throwing this hose out and getting something that WORKS .
 They work like a slinky ... which means you end up annoyed playing with it and never get to use it because it tangles , snaps back and clogs ... oh and water never gets to come out where you want it ...
 My husband bought a coil hose at a major hardware department store . The quality of that hose was so poor that I turned to amazon is search of something better . This hose caught my attention because it resembled the hose I was replacing , purchased years ago at Costco . Because the written description is so generic and the reviews referred mostly to tangling issues , I had to rely on the photo to make my decision . When it arrived I was very disappointed . It was not the hose pictured on the web . It is similar but different . The couplings are different . The nozzle is different as well . Comparing the photographs , I 'd say it 's a lower quality version.Please note the hose does not have any reinforcement at the female end . Most quality hoses have a spring or plastic sheath to avoid kinking near the spigot when the hose is fully extended .
 Just received my package of gardening items . Everything else arrived fine . Except for this item , I received the empty wrapper . NO seed sower was included .
 difficult to use , packaged very poorly , not sharp . Not worth the time I spent writing this ...
 Grates fall out of place easily . They are held up by 3 small tabs that stick out inch . The ash catcher has a wooden handle that cracked on me after 1 use . I have had it for 3 weeks and used it 1 time and it is already starting to rust . I ca n't imagine this thin making it thru the summer . It was a total waist of 20 dollars .
 My friend had this statue and I just could n't wait to get it . I was saddened when it came with the ball not attached . I attached it myself rather thant send it back . However , I have only had it about a year and already the paint is peeling and the solar light has stopped working . I tried changing the battery but no luck . Ca n't say I would recommend it though she is lovely . Would love to know how to fix it if anyone knows . Too late to send back , I think .
 I purchased my unit in September 2010 installed my unit in late November/early December 2010 , worked well for a month . Now it is frozen solid , and is not maintaining an opening in the ice , as advertised . Instructions forbid use of extension cord , but the cord on the unit is only about 10 feet long -LRB- I did not measure exactly , but it is much shorter than their cords on their pumps -RRB- . In my opinion , a poorly designed product , and now based upon the experience of the unit failing 1 month into a three to four month period of subfreezing weather , the quality would appear to be suspect . Maybe I just got a bad one . But having too short of a cord and forbidding the use of an extension cord is a bad design choice that is going to leave you scratching your head looking for options . A call to Aquascape said the instructions fordidding the use of an extension cord was probably a precaution to insure that the connection at the end of an extension cord would not be allowed to become submerged , and assured me that the use of an extension cord would be O.K. So , I guess technically I used the heater in a manner that was contrary to the instructions . My heater has a blue plastic top instead of the green one shown in the picture . I suspect this is only a cosmetic diffence as it appears to be identical to the unit shown in the picture in every other way . I purchased my unit directly from Aquascape .
 I guess surronding an item that heats up in plastic and sticking it in water is not a great idea . Should have known .
 I bought this about a year ago . Have used it maybe 6 times . Today it died!I am more than a little annoyed .
 Ordered this product on the assumption that it would actually cut small branches and aid in the pruning as advertised . This product comes without a rope needed to operate the pruner ... no big deal . However once the pruner is installed and you try and use it , it 's essentially worthless . Wo n't cut hot butter . Total waste of money . Would n't cut even the smallest of branches under 1/2 '' . Would not recommend this piece of junk to anyone . The pole saw works well for the money . Do n't throw your money away on Pruner Head11 Red . Hope this will save someone a headache . Gave this item NO STARS as it 's totally useless .
 first one i received was defective ... the metal blade was hitting the red hook and was impossible to prune with ... it appear as if the red metal hook was bent , thus causing the problem ... Ordered a replacement and I 'll comment further when I get the new item ... seems beefy and well made , we 'll see !!!!
 We purchased one in April of 2003 , used it very little -LRB- it 's not even dirty -RRB- and in July of 2005 the valve in the engine broke into two pieces completely destroying the engine . Troy-Bilt wrote that they will not cover this failure . If I had it to do over again I would NOT purchase this product and it 's additional accessories because they are also now worthless.It was easy to start , though , right up until it seized .
 Bought unit in May 2004 . Early June valve in engine broke . Was 2 months getting back from warranty work while they decided whether or not to replace engine . This month piston rings failed , causing oil burn and engine to seize up . Threw it away and bought new Ryobi model 30160 , since attachments are interchangeable .
 I would not recommend purchasing this unit -LRB- Troy Bilt 4-cycle Gas Trimmer -RRB- . I have yet to be able to make it work properly -LRB- already returned 2 brand new units for exchange to place of purchase -RRB- and the hedge trimmer attachment AND my complete string trimmer are currently in the shop under warranty service waiting for back ordered parts -LRB- 4 months so far -RRB- . Troy Bilt Customer Service is of no help , they constantly quote company policy to avoid fixing their equipment . Even though it has a 2-year warranty , you will also not be able to find local service , as the list of warranty locations on the Troy Bilt site are 2-3 years out of date -LRB- try calling some of the dealers listed but be ready to hear all the bad things they have to say about Troy Bilt quality or lack of ! -RRB- . When this unit is finally working , I will sell it as soon as possible and buy a real quality hedge trimmer .
 I bought my Troy-Bilt 4-Cycle trimmer about 3 years ago . Was told it was a professional model . Was impressed at first but was n't long before it began to lose power . I have to hold the trimmer and the edger just right so the blade does n't stop spinning . I changed the spark plug , check the gap setting on rocker arms , changed the oil , nothing has helped . Now I am shopping for a new trimmer .
 I bought the 29cc 4-cycle unit from Lowes . It would not start so I returned it for another one . It will not start . Neither one of them would so much as cough or sputter . I have the Troy-Bilt 2-cyle chain saw which starts very easily .
 WITH MANY . . MANY ATTEMPTS COULD NOT GET THIS UNIT STARTED . . SOMETHING SIMPLE ??? PERHAPS BUT . . SENT IT BACK TO AMAZON . . HAD ORDERED THE EDGER ATTACHMENT ALSO AND HAD A DIFFIICULT TIME GETTING AMAZON TO PICK UP BOTH PRODUCTS AS THEY HAD SHIPPED SEPERATELY . . WATCH OUT FOR THIS ONE AMAZON . . CTS MIAMI , FL .
 The engine died prematurely , it did not last as something like this usually does .
 Do n't bother wasting your money on this umbrella base . It wo n't hold an umbrella up no matter what you fill the base with . Poor engineering ...
 I bought this 4-cycle trimmer and the troy-built edger together . I first hooked up the trimmer and did about 5 minutes of minor maintenance in the front yard , then broke out the edger . I 've got a samll 70 ' lot in Florida with a single sidewalk out front and a short driveway up to the house , that was slightly overgrown with st. augustine 's grass . I got 3/4 of the way through edging and suddenly lost power to the edger . I tried the trimmer and it barely had enough torque to rotate the trimmer head -- and a couple blades of grass were enough to stop it in its tracks . Disconnecting the ez-link , i discovered that the drive mechanism inside was now coated with shaved metal everywhere -- the ez-link connection had been totally stripped and both tools are now a worthless hunk of junk.I previously owned a troy-built trimmer that only lasted 5 trims before the ez-start pulley disintegrated.Now I 've got an ez-choice
 I had my Troy Bilt less than six months before problems started and it only got occasionally use since I bought it in September . The inside of the top shaft that connects all the gadgets simply wore out so none of the attachments made the proper connection . I had the shaft replaced for $ 75.00 . I asked the shop how long it was guaranteed for and they said the manufacturer only guaranteed it for 30 days - so that tells you something right there.Save you self some money and hassle and skip this product .
 The only good thing about the trimmer is that it does start easy . The problem is that once I used up the line supplied , I had no luck in following the manual to replace the line . The line would advance uncontrollably -LRB- to use the Troy-bilt term -- the solution to clean the cutting obviously did not work . -RRB- I had difficulty in doing what is called decorative trimming around trees , posts , shrubs , etc. . The offered 30 degree angle was difficult to obtain and to keep steady -- in other words you go from little or no cutting to a bare earth trimming . Ditto for lawn edge trimming . Just wait until you try to find parts , including header parts . Troy-bilt does not sell parts -LRB- it refers you to MTD which does not list the parts you need unless you want trimmer line which you can purchase anywhere . Perhaps a `` service center '' has parts if one in your area . My dealer did not have the header parts in stock that I wanted . I would not purchase this trimmer again if I had the choice . Back to my hard starting Ryobi , the last of many trimmers over the years .
 My trimmer broke the first time I used it . We took it to an authorized dealer and it is still there -LRB- May - November - gardening season -RRB- . The dealer - Lebanon Lawn Center , in Lebanon , TN , remarked `` That 's what you get for buying online . '' He claims that Troy-Bilt will not accept the Amazon receipt for repair . I am worried that we will never see it again . We sent them the money and we have no trimmer . We also puchased the edger and the tiller attachment that have n't seen the light of day . Too bad we ca n't rate zero stars . Way too much hassle !
 I have had many trimmers over the years . When it came to replace by last one I wanted one that started easy and had a good line feed . Even though it was expensive , I picked this one because it made both claims and was a 4 cycle . This is my second season and I 'm about ready to trash it . The line feed is the worst I have ever used . I have replaced parts thinking that that would help , tried different line sizes and different winding techniques . I still ca n't trim my average size lawn without stopping , disassembling and rewinding the string three or four times . I 'm happy with the starting and the power but the string system is terrible . It winds up easy enough but in use it breaks off internally and binds on itself .
 This is , by far , the worst string trimmer I have ever used . Not only is it rather difficult to handle , but the reliability is a joke . I will never by another Troy-Bilt product .
 I bought this trimmer in June of 2006 as a replacement for my 90s McCulloch trimmer . First impressions were nice , easy to use , lots of power , and it was fairly quiet . I was just shy of 3 years of trouble-free use . I am a homeowner and use it fairly heavy but nothing major . All routine maintenance was done.After that 3 year mark is when I started having problems . First it was starting to idle bad , and making a terrible ticking/tapping noise . Valves were adjusted correctly and I could not find anything out of the ordinary with it . I did n't think much of it and kept using it . Then the other problem arose . It just lets line out whenever you go into any heavy grass . It is almost unusable like this because it just hits the shroud and you have to flip the trimmer and wind the string back in just to have it release itself later . This is ridiculous for a 3 year old trimmer . I have tried fooling with the spring in the trimmer head and nothing has helped . I would not buy this thing again . I also have a Troy Bilt Zero turn mower that I am not happy with . I am done dealing with this companies disposable products . It 's really a shame how MTD bought out good companies like Troy Bilt and Bolens then turned them into bottom-of-the-barrel crap . Looking back I should have bought a Stihl or Echo .
 I purchased the TB70SS 2-cycle gas trimmer . The fuel line in the tank and on the exterior have disintegrated in the short 7 months that I have owned it . I have only used it twice in that period of time since it was almost impossible to start . I have concluded that the carburetor is fouled by the disintegrating and dissolving fuel line . The folks at Lowes claim that the fuel lines disolve a lot . It seems to me that fuel line should be able to carry fuel . STAY AWAY FROM TROY-BILT PRODUCTS .
 Ergonomically , the trimmer is OK . It 's kinda heavy , but that 's to be expected with a 4-cycle engine . The severe vibration limits my trimming sessions to only 5-10 min tops . The biggest problem , however , has only revealed itself after a season -LRB- maybe 10 hours -RRB- of use
 I am not given to writing negative reviews and I can not ever recall giving anything one star before , but this machine is a joke.I have probably used 6 different types of ` weed whacker ' over the years and this is by far the worst starting machine of any kind -LRB- even given that 2 stroke engines are the work of the Devil -RRB- I have ever attempted to use.Apart from being a nightmare to start , the wretched thing cuts out prematurely after a max of 10 minutes , either due to overheating or a lousy fuel system.Maybe I was just unlucky with this particular machine , but this monstrosity should never have slipped past quality control . That is , if they even have any .
 I give up with this machine ... too much effort to make it work ... my hands are soring after 10 + tries ...
 Beware !! The one that i recieved was new in box , but from the get go it would not stay running.I havent tried the adjustment screw yet , but im gon na see if that may fix it.I am trying not to have to send it back and pay shipping.Hopefully i can get it running right.Just be careful because i bought it because of the reviews and ended up getting a bad one.This is the only product i have gotten from Amazon that has not worked properly .
 I have n't had my trimmer for more than 3 months when my driveshaft broke . My last trimmer lasted for 4 and a half years . I expected more out of this thing . When I called Troy they told me it was n't covered . The driveshaft would cost $ 60 . This sounds like an engineering issue to me .
 The trimmer is not balanced well . The throttle is too far away from the engine which makes it difficult to operate . If the throttle was moved back closer to the engine , you would have much better control . Unit vibrates excessively . Using without gloves makes your hands sting . I contacted the manufacturer and received a very impersonal `` canned '' response . I 'd never purchase a TroyBilt product again . Very disappointed !
 DO N'T BUY Troy-Built or MTD Products outdoor equipment !! On this model -LRB- and I suspect others -RRB- the top drive shaft is defective ; as others have mentioned here and other places on internet , it wears out after only about 2 years , right when the warranty quits . I called customer service and spoke with Van -LRB- 800-800-7310 -RRB- . He claims that the unit worked as it should for 2 years under the warranty ; that the drive shaft is designed for 2 years worth of service and that it is a wear and tear item that needs to be replaced from time to time . I told him that is ridiculous , then he hung-up on me . Nice ... With a defective driveshaft -LRB- $ 45 + shipping -RRB- , the rest of the unit is useless . I will have to throw it away and purchase a non MTD related replacement . There are other machines for same money that are better . I would certainly stay away from anything Troy-built , or under the umbrella of MTD Products . Customer service will stonewall you forever ; they must go home everynight worried that their company will be there in the morning .
 I did n't have this trimmer one season before the shaft broke . It would cost $ 90 to repair . That would be throwing good money after bad . I will not buy this brand again . Serious design issues ... serious rip-off .
 This is the first time I feel strongly enough about a product to write a review . I bought it at Lowes and used it for roughly 2 years before it became completely useless . During the time it was useful , it was n't necessarily smooth running . Sometimes it worked well , other times it seemed out of balance and lacking in power . As of last year -LRB- 2007 -RRB- , it is useless . If -LRB- BIG IF -RRB- it starts , it idles very roughly and dies when any attempt is made to speed it up . Impossible to use . I tried higher quality fuel ; I 've taken the carb apart thoroughly cleaning it ; I 've checked the spark ; etc. . Nothing helps . I 've also discovered through searching the Internet that others have had similar and other problems.It could be that I was spoiled by the Craftsman trimmer I had for eight years . I bought it used for $ 50 and it was still working well when I gave it away.Don ' t waste your money on this Troy-Bilt trimmer !
 I Would Had Given This Product A Four Star Rating Had It Not The Speed Spool . This Feature Is A Joke . It Has Cause The Drive Shaft To Break On Two Occasions Because I Have To Bump The Head Of The Spool So Hard To Get It To Feed The String Out . Loading The Spool Is Not So Easy , It Jams When Turning The Spool To Load The String . The Only Good Thing About This Product Is The Motor , It Has Good Power And Has Less Emissions .
 This thing is a piece of crap . It worked for about 2 minutes then it would n't stay running . It did n't have much power when it was running . I replaced it with an electric one that works much better .
 I have had a raintower elevated sprinkler for many years and needed another one . I did n't realize this unit was a different brand since the price was similar . This one is very flimsy and does n't have self leveling feet . The other unit is made of conduit , stays upright and levels on any terrain . Shame on Nelson for producing such an inferior product with too high a price . The box was destroyed on arrival and the shipping will be too much to return it so I am stuck with it . Steer clear and buy an official raintower unit .
 It showed up amazingly fast , in equally amazing packaging . Huge waste of cardboard . I ordered 2 , 1 was shipped broken , the other broke after 1 day of use . It was a complete nightmare trying to return it . Amazon has a lot of work to do on returns of `` large '' items . UPS wanted $ 94.50 to return a $ 60 item . I had to carve up & re-tape the original box down to a size acceptable by the USPS -LRB- `` free '' return offered by Amazon -RRB- . Customer service folks were the nicest part of this purchase . Really courteous , but disinterested as well .
 This is a flimsy , lightweight piece of equipment . Tubing that forms the legs bends easily and there is simply nothing heavy duty about this item .
 I have a small pond , about 200 gallons . The pond has a filter-fountain systems that is active about 12 hours a day . In the summer , I have an algae problem . I have used this product as instructed for several weeks . It has not seemed to impact on the algae in any way . Indeed , the problem has gotten worse - the algae love this stuff ! To be honest , it may have gotten worse because of increased sunlight hitting the pond - but the fact remains that the pond continues to have a severe algae problem despite the use of this product .
 Packaging was poor since half the bottle had leaked.The product worked for our fountain but I wish Amazon pays some attention to the packing of such liquids .
 After so many online reviews about this working so well , I bought the largest size for our 2 new fountains . One is a 48 inch tall wall fountain , the other a large 3 tier fountain with a 55 inch pond base . We live in North San Diego and both fountains are concrete . We had algae growth and SEVERE growth in our 3 tier fountain within 5 days of using this product . This fountain spends all day in direct sunlight but no matter how much we increase dosage , the problem is NOT resolved using this chemical . I can only imagine how bad my problems will be come summer . Too bad as we really want to have a pet & bird friendly addition to our back yard . Back to Bromine and elbow grease I guess ... _______________________________________________________________________________________________________________ Update on Jan 15 2012 : I FINALLY found a perfect solution . Well , at least no birds have died in the past 18 months since I solved my problem anyway . I went to Home Depot & bought a huge 1 gallon jug of Chlorine TABS that are sunlight resistant . I have not had ONE single trace of algae since ! NOTHING . All Summer and every since no matter the weather or conditions ... Even better , I have not had to change any of my water ONE single time ! The kicker ? The entire 1 gallon jug of `` tabs '' cost me $ 22.00 . I have to admit , THAT flat pissed me off . We spent over $ 200.00 trying to be eco friendly ; y etc and ANY combination we tried of any & all brands failed and I mean failed IMMEDIATELY . Do yourself a favor , go to Home Depot and you will find a 2 year supply of solution for about $ 20.00 . I live in North County San Diego and it gets warm here . STAYS warm too . If you live in a warm climate & have trouble with all these USELESS high tech & ridiculously EXPENSIVE products that simply do NOT work ? Try this and you wo n't have another problem . I give you my word !
 I bought this hoping to alleviate using Chlorox in my fountain since it was bleaching the concrete fountain color and killing any nearby plants with its overspray from the fountain.I first added it to the fountain when it was spring and hoped it would remove some growing algae , which it did n't . I thought maybe it was intended to maintain clean water so I drained the fountain , cleaned it and replaced the water . Again it did n't work and algae slowly returned -LRB- it was early spring so the SoCal bright sunny days had not really hit yet -RRB- . I then tried drastically increasing the dose , which I used weekly and as summer arrived it became apparent that this product is worthless . In bright sun with the product in a clean fountain algae would appear within days.As far as I can tell , this is basically water with blue food coloring in it . I am guessing its more than that but its been an abysmal failure for me . On the bright side , it does n't hurt plants or wildlife . Unfortunately it also does n't appear to harm algae.Back to the drawing board ...
 Bought the large container of this to use in my outdoor concrete fountain . Directions indicated to use a spoonful or less to keep the water clear . You could put a cup in the fountain and this stuff does not work . A complete failure of a product . I have bleached the fountain , let it dry for several days and then refilled it . Put 4 spoonfuls of this junk in the water of a clean fountain - 4 days later the water was turning green . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT . It does not work .
 THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK !! I PUT IT IN MY FOUNTAIN AND LEFT IT FOR 24 HOURS , THE ALGAE WAS STILL THERE AND THE WATER IS BLUE !!! NOW I CA N'T RETURN IT BECAUSE IT IS OPENED !!
 I had a horrible experience with this product . It made matters worse for me instead of helping . The algae in my pond must have thrived on this stuff because the algae grew worse . It needs to state that this stuff is a poison and where they come up with the idea that it 's not hazardous is BS ! If you have pets , do n't use this stuff in a pond . My cat became very ill and the vet told me that the cat appears to have been poisoned . She had been using my pond as her water bowl without me knowing it . My lab loves to go in the pond without me looking and after having a $ 1200 vet bill -LRB- for the cat -RRB- there was no way that I was going to take a chance . I emptied the pond , cleaned it and sent this stuff back .
 Bought Fountec for my small fountain in Southern Cal . In order to control algae , I would have to put in 6 oz . each week , which , of course , would kill birds and hummingbirds that frequent the fountain . I guess I 'll experiment now with bleach . Bottom line , Fountec is expensive and useless !
 I thought this would make my copper water fountain clear . All it does is making everything blue . I do not recommend this and would never buy it again .
 Unfortunately , the starlings enjoyed the suet from this feeder immensely . It porvided no help at all in keeping them out .
 I bought 3 packets of these seeds . One packet went in a pot , the second went in an outside planting bed , and the third i kept to pot plant again after harvesting the first batch . About 1/8 of the seeds i planted in the pot sprouted and grew , while the outside planted seeds did NOTHING . However , the ones that did sprout in the pot were obviously NOT catnip . What came up was something way different looking than what 's depicted on the packet -LRB- actual catnip -RRB- . I also know it 's not catnip because it did absolutely nothing for my cats.Also , the reviewers who claimed they did n't get anywhere near the promised 200 count of seeds per packet , mine also shared the same plight . A generous estimate as to how many seeds i actually got in each packet would have to be somewhere around 20-25 . So it 's a double whammy here folks
 Well i am really mad -- i had 2 of the 200 seeds sprout in summer 2011 -LSB- yes , i planted cat nip in the past and i know how to grow it with my other plants -RSB- BUT THIS DID NOTHING AT ALL ... my plants were like 1.75 inches tall ... . and a cat ate the plants -- so i got none at all ... . LOT # 04WB - TEST DATE 09/10 - SELL BY 03/2013 ... . save you $ $ i guess plant hemp seeds ... u will yield better
 EXPENSIVE & NOT A SINGLE SEED PLANTED CAME UP . Went to Home Depot instead & bought seeds for a 1/4 of the cost -LRB- bought ones that are guaranteed to sprout -RRB- . As soon as I opened this package , I felt ripped off -- looks like about 20 seeds in the package I just paid $ 5.00 for -- THEN WHEN NOT A SINGLE ONE CAME UP , I really felt cheated.Buy another brand !!!
 This catnip did not grow for me . I ended up getting little plants from the local garden shop and those grew just fine .
 I may be a rare case , but I used Off ! while doing a 10-hour film shoot in a forest preserve . I sprayed so much Off ! all over my body multiple times throughout the shoot , but it did n't seem to repel any mosquitoes . In fact I now have over 150 mosquito bites because this stuff is so useless . I respond pretty severely to mosquito bites and was hoping to eliminate the hassle by using this insect repellant . I found it completely useless , and sadly if these massive amount of mosquito bites do n't clear up soon I will need to go to the doctor . What a waste !
 I 've had this sprinkler for 2 seasons , and it did not hold up . Water sprays out from the base and middle , and it does n't always oscillate back and forth . It stops at a tab and just sits there . When I first bought it , I was very pleased , but by the second year it seems to have just worn out . I would n't recommend this sprinkler , there are far better out there for less money .
 Pros
 This bench was a disaster !!! None of the dowel holes lined up . The front rail was warped so badly that we could do NOTHING with it !!! I do not recommend it at any price . If I could get the thing apart without using an axe , I 'd return it immediately . I intend to write the company for replacement and pick up of the mess we received . We ordered this bench along with another one made by Gardenside Designs at the same time . Thank goodness we assembled the Gardenside bench first ... otherwise we would have been too frustrated to attempt a second one . The Gardenside bench went together without a hitch and was beautifully made . I highly recommend their product over Oxford 's .
 The item is advertised as having a powerful 6.5 HP engine , but what arrived at my door was a 6HP lawn mower with a mediocre engine . For small lawns this is probably a great product , but for large lawns I would not recommend it , especially since you can find a comparable item at your local big-box store for a little less . If shipping were not such a problem in my area I would have returned it . However , I do not feel `` ripped off '' but simply that I did not make the best selection I could have for the amount of money I spent .
 I bought this chair and the 48 '' bench . The bench assembled easily and all the parts lined up . Unfortunately , the chair did not . The parts did not line up . Since the dowel rods used to assemble the chair do not come out easily , I was stuck . Fortunately , with a cushion on the chair it 's hardly noticeable . If you buy this chair , I would suggest placing the pieces together to make sure they line up . Something I should 've done . Once you start assembling , you ca n't start over . I would also suggest getting a cushion for the back . This chair is uncomfortable if you sit in it for more than 20 minutes .
 This item worked exactly as advertised but only for a little longer than a month . Then it began having a slow leak which progressed to complete failure and it would not turn off at all . Who knows maybe I just got a bad one ?
 I 'm disappointed with the durability of these items . I ordered two and one developed leaks after just a couple of months use . I bought another one thinking maybe I just got a defective one and it developed leaks after just a couple of months . Wo n't be buying any more .
 worked fine for awhile ; then would neither come on nor turn off ... i 'd have to manually override ... which is not much better than turning the tap itself on and off .
 I bought two . One works well , as described . The other had a broken knob on arrival . I got a replacement , which worked for four days and after that would not shut off . Requested replacement but was given refund , since Amazon wants to investigate the problem . I found Amazon customer service to be very user-friendly .
 This may look nice , but the leaves on the top are a serious hazard . Just 2 days ago , my husband nearly lost his eye falling on one of these . This product had been placed along the edge of a sidewalk at a neighbor 's home , and my husband tripped on the edge of it , as it leaned out over the walk . There is no way to fall on this and not be injured . My husband received scratches to his stomach , chest , and neck , but the eye was the worst - it ripped his eyelid in 2 places , scratched it in many more , and he needed 8 stitches on the top of his eyelid and underneath his eye . The doctor said it was just luck the eye itself was n't injured.There are many small children in our area , and we shudder to think what would happen if one of them were to land on this . The owners have taken it down . If you must own this product , be sure to place it well out of range where anyone is walking or playing . You might not cut your finger on the leaves , but if you fall on them , they will do some serious damage .
 This might be a good lawnmower but I ca n't find out as Amazon shipped it to me missing several parts . Several bolts were missing so I ca n't assemble the handle in addition to missing the owner 's manual . Amazon 's customer service refuses to help out in anyway by supplying the missing parts.If you want this mower , I 'd suggest buying it from someone else .
 This beautiful , rustic cedar log rocking chair was ruined when they put pine rockers on it . A huge disapointment . This should have been disclosed
 The first turret in my life , so I ca n't really compare it to others , but I do n't like how it leaks onto my hand and how I can either press the lever to get full pressure , OR use arrest the lever , but do n't get full pressure . ---------- A few months later : The turret is now spraying water all over me when I push the lever . I guess I 'll get a new and different one next year .
 I 've owned this tractor for 4 years now . Each time I use it , I am reminded of just what a disappointment it is and what a crappy cut it gives . After the first year I moth - balled it and bought a 30 year old John Deere to cut my lawn . What a difference . The old Johnny finally died so I 'm back to the Yard Machine and it 's still the disappointment that I remembered it being . Got ta love the 20 horse engine , but the weak frame flexes so much that it 's impossible to get a level cut . The only adjustment I can find is on the left front of the deck and I have it as low as possible . This severely limits deck height adjustments and it still scalps on the right side when making a left turn . Way too much frame flex . I 've gone as far as placing a brick on the left side of the deck in an attempt to get a level cut ... to no avail . I think this mower has been discontinued , but if you happen to come across a used one for sale ... DO N'T BUY IT !!! You 'll be disappointed .
 The Yard Machine I bought from WalMart looked great ran great the first 2 times I cut my yard , after that it started eating the belts up the sissor clutch system would hang up against the inside frame work and you would have to kick the clutch several times to get it unhunge . the clutch system is the worst I 've ever seen a defect in design from get go . but the 20 horse power tucumseh twin v engine is a perfect engine which I removed 3 months after I purchesed the mower , I 'm saveing it in my shed to put on a different frame with a better clutch design , but never a yard machine again , but a tecumseh engine I 'll always count on . there tough dependable and reliable.A hydrlic clutch system would have been a perfect combo with the tecumseh engine its a shame they didnt think of that , and a pto on the rear of the lawn mower would have made it flawless to bad the designers didnt think ahead there sales would have jumped thru the roof . Yours Truly Mark Willard of Wilmer Ala. .
 I purchased this mower from Wal-mart as a left over . Now I know why it was left over . It never mowed level , had to keep adjusting the deck and it finally quit running . I checked everything , gas , filter , oil level , fuel shut off valves , fuel pump , everything . Had it checked by a repair shop , they told me the carbs were bad . I siad order some new ones . They claim that tecumseh has gone out of business and they ca n't get parts anymore . So I have a 200 pound lawn ornament ------- anybody want it ????
 there is a position in my nelson nozzle that unfortunaly does n't works . it is the soaker position . the wather does n't comes trough . this is bad , becouse it 's too dificoutl to change it , since i live in Brasil . the others positions works ok . it is made for a male hand , it is hard to use for a long time , with my female hands .
 I got this machine after seeing all the Troy-bilt ads with a woman serenely walking next to her tiller , controling it with one hand . PHOOIE ! The wild beastie bucks , lurches and periodicly launches itself . NOT good at all for women!My husband is very strong and thought he 'd show me how to do it . For him , it launched itself through the air for about 10 feet , flipped and dug a hole in the lawn . It absolutely wo n't go for more than a few feet without either launching itself , running away or diggig a pit.My advice - do not buy this machine ; I sure wish I had n't !
 I think that the Troy-Bilt Super Bronco is a complete engineering blunder . It is built so the wheels pull the machine forward and the tines turn in the opposite direction . Because of this the cutting edge of the tines -LRB- The front of the tines -RRB- cut up instead of down . This does two things that make tilling with the machine a real chore . -LRB- 1 -RRB- If you put leaves , grass clippings , or any type of mulch on the ground before you till , which I like to do , instead of cutting the mulch up and mixing it with the soil , the tines catch it and force it up under the wheels of the machine . This causes the machine to high center and stop . You have to put it in reverse , back it off , go up front and kick down the hill it made and then start forward again . It does this over and over and over again . -LRB- 2 -RRB- When you get to deep tilling , after many trips up front to spread the mulch out again , the machine just stalls out . The wheels do n't have any grip in the loose soil and they just dig holes until the machine high centers , the tines are pulling back and the machine just sits and digs a hole until the tines bottom out . There is no way you can walk beside the machine the just guide it with one hand , as the instructions tell you to do . You have to walk behind it and keep lifting and pushing it forward.I spent many years tilling with a front tine tiller and have always heard how much less work a rear tine would be to use . The Troy-Bilt Super Bronco is more work , on an average day , than my front tine every was on its worst day.I would not recommend it to anyone .
 This will wreck you if you only use it once a year ! I am 5ft 11in 185 pounds . On new ground , I could fight this sucker for about 10 minutes before I had to stop , wringing wet with sweat , and rest . Any time it was tilling , it was bucking and jerking my arms out of their sockets while I am cussing it like a sailor ! After the ground was thorougly tilled , it was fine for keeping weeds down if you used it more often than once a month . Perhaps all tillers are like this but the lesson I have learned over the years concerning small engines -LRB- a lesson I ignored -- to my own regret -RRB- is this
 Poor water pressure ca n't run any sprinklers etc with this attachmentNot a supply side problem ... . Hose dimension and internal reel design may be problem with low pressure ... anyway , another item for the junk heap ...
 I waited quite a while for the product to be shipped . I ended up buying another product because I could n't continue to wait on the shipping . After the product arrived , I planned to go ahead and use it because of its compact size . I have a small courtyard and wanted to use it to water flowers primarily . From the time I hooked the unit up to the spikot , water began spewing everywhere . I tried to re-adjust the couplings on the hose and it only got worse . I ended up having to throw it away and also found the same product cheaper later this summer at a local Lowes store . In summary , $ 50.00 wasted .
 I expected this nozzle to produce a powerful water stream for floor cleaning . . while it does produce a good spray , it is no better than any other run of the mill trigger handle sprayer . The on/off control works very well and its small size is handy .
 This works about as well as any inexpensive in line hose valve . They can be handy . As with many of them the plastic valve handle assembly breaks off . It lasted me around 8 months . Better to get an all brass one.I use these in line valves as sprayers . When the valve is partway open most deliver a satisfactory spray for boat washing ect . without a separate spray head . This does not because of the hose length . This is very convenient when you have an outboard engine with a flushing port where you screw the hose on the the port then flush it with water . The added distance from the valve makes it easier to use .
 I have purchased several of these adapters . I run my hose off of one side and the other feeds my drip irrigation systems.The unit is reliably safe to use for only ONE season.Parts that have failed : Interior ball valves : -- over time wo n't shut completelyPlastic valve handles : -- after a few months they become brittle and prone to break.Black `` rubber '' hose : -- does not handle pressure . After a few weeks of use , when I turn off the valve at the end of the hose the black hose back on this unit starts to balloon . Eventually it fatigues and bursts.I like the design of this product but it seems that the use of cheap Chinese components have failed the designers . I expected more for my $ 20 purchase price .
 I 've had problems similar to other reviewers of this truly terrible hose adapter . Mine is less than a year old and both shutoffs froze -LRB- not from cold temps -RRB- and can not be freed up . I 've tried everything . If you need the flexibility of the 2 short rubber hose extensions that this comes with you would be better off making your own and adapting them to a brass hose splitter.This paperweight comes with a 90 day warranty . That tells you how much faith they have in this product.I 've had similar poor experiences with Gilmour sprinklers - fortunately those are supported for life.Bosch owns Gilmour and Nelson and I generally find both Gilmour and Nelson homeowner products to be of inferior quality yet my Nelson Windfighter commercial grade sprinklers are troublefree .
 I used this to create two outlets
 I received this item , hooked it up and it leaked where connected to the faucet , and the brass coupling on one hose leaked also . Defective from the start . I called the vendor regarding replacement or refund , received an e-mail telling me they wanted me to have a good shopping experience . I e-mailed response explaining the problem and asked how to go about returning the item for refund and got no response . Not a good shopping experience .
 I felt compelled to review this so others wo n't waste their time or water with this bad product.I came home one afternoon to see water spraying out this , since the metal coupling on the bottom came uncrimped from the rubber hose . No big problem I think , maybe I just got a bad one in the batch since I 'd only been using it for about 3 weeks . My setup has it always on , then electronic timers cycle twice daily after this coupler to controller sprinklers in the garden . So I returned it to the local hardware store and got a replacement.The new one worked for about 2 weeks until failing . I was picking peppers when it let go the second time around , so I at least avoided a muddy garden . However , it was same failure mechanism both times - the metal sleeve popped off the rubber tube.Save you money and get a real metal divider . . this flexible one is a good idea , but poor quality .
 Water pressure caused flexible tubes to pop out of housing after a couple of weeks under constant pressure . Tubes can not be re-inserted . Buy brass y hookup .
 This is the second summer I 've used this product . It worked great the first year , but after about a month of use this summer the metal hose connectors on the outlets both cracked , and the thing is now useless . I 've taken proper care of the adapter , and our water is n't corrosive , so it looks like the problem is just due to the very thin brass Nelson used for the connectors .
 The sellers contacted me immediately to make sure I received the package and was satisfied . I said I had n't assembled the products , but they arrived quickly and looked like good quality and they should be great . BUT when I tried to attach the hose , I realized the hose adapter with 2 outlets had been damaged and the threads were bent and compressed . It will not accept a hose . I immediately e mailed them , and then later sent a second e mail . No response to either . It had to have been dropped on concrete to have been damaged this way . No concrete here . Good item , poor service ...
 This well packaged plant arrived just 3 days after it was ordered . However , the plant label is much larger than the plant itself . For almost $ 10 , I expect a more mature plant instead of a 2 inch baby . Perhaps it is actually gold ...
 The plant may be great , but it was too small to tell . After several purchases , the plants remained too small to survive the shipping . All plants were very small , despite the photos . Take this into account before you spend money on this plant . You would be better to take a look at your local garden centers .
 Very flimsy rack . Narrow openings , so as you push the ribs into the racks , each rack has a tendency to pop out of its anchor holes ! It is way too fiddly and not robust enough for the job . I was very dissapointed with this product . Although it seems a good idea to get a collapsible rack , this one is just too much hassle . As you pull the cooked meat out , yes you guessed it , the thing falls apart .
 This is my second rib rack purchased and I should have looked at my existing rack before clicking `` buy '' . This one is a bit narrower and there is no bottom lip to cradle the ribs . My first rack has a J shape to each of the racks that allows the ribs to sit nicely and not sag.Other than that this rack was packaged well , went together well and is currently sitting in my smoker . 3 hours can not go by fast enough .
 I recently constructed a pergola , and wanted to add misters to combat the hot summer days . There appeared to be two choices - a much more expensive solution based on brass fittings and pipe , and this product based on vinyl tube and plastic misters.You get what you pay for.The biggest problem with these are drips . I have installed them per the instructions , which requires them to be mounted at a slight angle from vertical , and can not stop the drips . It very much ruins the `` misting experience '' when you are sitting underneath them and get a constant dripping of water . The net result is that there is always a jockeying of chairs as people try to stay away from the drips.I also had a problem with clogging . We use well water , so their are some salts and perhaps fine particulates in our water , but I am forever cleaning out the mister heads - even after flushing out the lines to the misters.On the postitive side , when they are working , they do throw off a nice , fine mist , and it does cool down the area underneath them quite nicely.My dog loves them , and I would think these would be a good match for a dog kennel-since dogs do n't seem to mind the drips.One tip - most good hardware stores seem to carry a selection of the 3/8 '' connecting hardware , so if you forget to order something when you buy these , there is help close by.I plan on removing these next year and replacing them with a brass nozzle and PVC piped system .
 I live in Texas , and it can be unbarebly hot here . I bought this for our front porch . My fiance who use to work in irrigation and landscaping set the system up , that has to be connected to a hose . It dripped and sprayed water everywhere . There was no mist at all . We took it down immediately . It now sits on the porch , but in it 's box .
 this product is very cheap made , leaks like crazy , hose busted in several places , would not refer this product to anyone , cost me $ 32.00 with shipping , total waste of my money
 I bought this for the summer for the backyard . Big mistake . It leaks and it looks horrible . I 've done construction and landscaping so I know how to install things but this is just a horrible product that doesnt do anything but leak water and spray strong and weak pulse water from drip holes you make in a rubber tube . It would be easier just to pop 20 holes in an old hose . Please do n't waste your money . The company would not even return my email when I requested a return . Amazon is great with their products but this outside vendor was horrible .
 I was a subscriber of Amazon Prime and ordered this product last week . Supposed to get it in 2-3 days . Nothing came . Checked the website and now it says expected delivery is about a month away . What the heck ?
 I bought this model at a local store 3 years ago . This year it started falling apart . The sidewalls are now very thin and have holes in them . The weber chimney charcoal starter is a far better design , with thicker metal and features that allow the charcoal to get ready faster .
 Not worth the trouble . I bought 3 . I found that the hose almost never kinks at the end anyway but the adapter has a problem that make it a pain to use . Because the spring is slippery when wet and rotates on the adapter it is nearly impossible to tighten the connection so it can leak . I had to slide the spring back from the end and hold it while getting a pliers on the end fitting to tighten it . Damage is a possibility . One place that it is useful is where you wish to have an item attached to a spigot and still manipulate it somewhat . In my case this is a filter unit for a watering unit that I can get to more easily if I can bend the connection a bit .
 i just got this idem and its in the garbage already ... lousy quality.hard to open and close each side ... water everywere ... dont buy this one , , , check for others
 hard to turn . Hard to get shut off all the way . Then the left lever broke off in the off position so now useless .
 the pictured lopper is an F22 felco and would be a great deal @ $ 90 some . A Felco F200A-60 is waaay overpriced at the same $ 90 something .
 After enjoying the Felco # 2 pruners , I tried these shears for pruning rose bushes ... big disappointment ! Pruning rose canes , it 's just too short . Long handles work the best . I now use long telescoping shears made of fiberglass .
 The tubing that comes with this fountain does n't match the pump provided , nor is it long enough to stretch from the pump to the top of the fountain pot . Fortunately , a good friend took the tubing and pump to the local hardware store . He bought longer tubing of the correct size and also clamps to hold the connections in place . Now it runs just fine . Not something you just plug-and-run , sorry to say . But once you have it up and running , it works fine . You can change the type of `` burble '' noise it produces with rock placed in the splash tank . -LRB- Now I have to figure out what plants to put in the pot itself . -RRB-
 Order was accepted and credit card was charged . Several days later , was advised that product was out of stock , credit was given , but no info was offered on possibility of backorder .
 This is garbage !!! My husband is in love with our lawn and thought this would pull up any dead grass to allow the grass to breathe and grow -LRB- at least that is my interpretation -RRB- . I watched him thatch the lawn and was shocked how it tore up the grass and just left a dirt patch . Initially I thought this was normal -- kind of stripping of the old to rebuild it stronger . Now he had just recently mowed our lawn and everyone gave us compliments . I thought this would make it even better . He thatched half of one segment of our side lot area and left the otherside as it was -LRB- in retrospect this was a great and insightful decision because now only a part of the grass looks bad -- so it now looks like an error and not that we are neighbors that do n't keep their lawn up -RRB- . Now it is well over a month or so and the grass has not grown back . I am so Kentucky Blue Grass out I can scream . We have used Kentucky blue grass - 5 bags to be exact - for an area size that should only need one bag . The underground sprinkler runs right on time , so the grass gets lots of water.But , still the grass is just peeking out the grown . It is so sad , because now he just wants any grass to grow . He told me that even generic grass would be better than what he is looking at . It can not be the grass it has to be the thatching process . It just tears up the ground without stimulating any kind of growth , which I thought it was suppose to do . Unless you want to slide into a mini coma about your grass do n't buy this mess . Find another way to stimulate the growth of the grass . It is indeed a sad day in our grassland .
 At first I was happy with this product because it was de-thaching my lawn well . However , before I was even finished , the springs broke , so now I have a half finished lawn . Might work still be useful if I can find better quality springs .
 This may work okay in a pinch , but , it 's performance was less than impressive . It mounted up easily enough with the multitude of hardware that was included , though at the end of the day it really did n't remove much thatch and did a great job scalping the lawn . After running the blade at a slow speed -LRB- mower loping at idle -RRB- in an inconspicuous place , I borrowed a Bluebird dethatcher to do the whole lawn with . There was no comparison.I guess that if you really want something to beat up the grass and possibly pull some of the thatch out this blade might work fine , though , I was less than impressed by it . Save your money .
 This is an excellent item -LRB- if you want to shred your lawn -RRB- ! It `` may '' work if you were able to set your mower RPMs to idle speed . My mower does not have a throttle so it just shredded my lawn when set low enough to actually get to the thatch .
 Tree came today . Item information states it will be shipped in 5 gallon container . This is not the case , the tree looks nice , but is smaller then I had thought and its in a 2.5 gallon container . The seller also does n't have a direct way of contact . Not super happy at the moment .
 I bought 3 of these kits
 Instructions state there are ample seeds and to save extra for next year . THERE WERE ONLY 5 SEEDS INCLUDED ! Have you ever seen how small a strawberry seed is ???? 4 weeks no germination of any seeds , purchased more from hirts gardens and am patiently waiting to see if they will germinate.Save your money , just buy the seeds from a garden center , 80 cents for 20 , and use an old potter you have laying around .
 Only one of my seeds actually geminated . Get some extra seeds and put some more in .
 A lot of gardening products are just made because people will buy it . Consumers dont realize that a lot of these companies dont really care about the consumer or the quality of the product , but more so just if your stupid enough to buy it . Iv had tons of products fail on me and the companies are always willing to replace faulty products . I did not have this exact product from buzzy , but the `` guaranteed '' strawberry kit we purchased produced nothing and I was never rewarded a replacement seed packet to take another shot at making it work . I admit I am a beginning gardener , but now that I have experience , I am realizing the only thing you can count on in this type of consumer based industry is the compost I make from recycled fruits vegetables and leaves .
 I purchased a Ducane Affinity 3400 May of 2007 . Previously I had owned a Weber for the 13 years . I loved my Weber but after my divorce I could not justify purchasing the Weber Genesis as badly as I wanted it . My initial thought was that since Weber now owns Ducane it would have Weber like quality and features . The Affinity seemed to have options similar to the Genesis so I thought it might make a good purchase . I ordered it on-line before they became available locally to have it in time for the grilling season . Well after a year of using this grill I have determined that it can not and should not be associated with the Weber name ; this is nothing more than a fancy Char Broil.What I found wrong with this grill :1 -RRB- Bad flare-ups . You can not turn your back on your food . You have to constantly watch because the grill flares up badly and burns your food . Much like a Char Broil . This is because of the three large wide heat deflectors catch and hold food grease and debris causing uncontrolled fires . Weber grills have several heat deflectors that are steep and narrow not allowing the grease to collect . Cooking food on this grill has become a real chore .2 -RRB- Hard to clean . A Ducane rep will tell you to clean the heat deflectors regularly to prevent flare-ups . On most grills the cooking grates can easily be picked up and slid on top of the adjacent grate to access the heat deflectors on one side at a time . This can even be done carefully on a hot grill if you forget beforehand . No so on this Ducane . The front of the grates are in a U-channel and have to be lifted from the back of the grill and removed with both hands . This design makes the process of cleaning the heat deflectors more difficult and messy than it needs to be , plus it can only be done when the grill is cold .3 -RRB- The igniter takes a battery ! This grill does not have the cross-over ignition like a Weber . So when you press the igniter button you are sending a spark to five igniters . To accomplish this you need to have a battery . If I would of known that the igniter took a battery I would of not purchased the grill ! 4 -RRB- In addition to the igniter taking a battery the igniter button itself does not work very well . You have to wiggle and wiggle it to get it to spark the igniters . A poor design ! 5 -RRB- It has only been one year and the Stenciling on the front of the grill is coming off . By next year there probably will not be hardly any wording left . It is going to be a pain when the burner knobs HI and LOW markings will be gone along with all the other descriptive/safety information . Replacing this front panel is going to be a real pain ! Then it will probably need to be replaced on a regular basis .6 -RRB- The front of the unit has a double wall stainless steel door . This is a very nice door . But when you open the door you are looking out the back of the grill . This is because there is no back on the lower compartment of the grill . Why bother opening the real nice door or even having a door when you can just reach around the back of the grill into the compartment . Another very poor design !! 7 -RRB- Assembly . If you ever assembled a Weber you were totally impressed by how easily it went together with only a few tools . The engineering of the Weber grill in this area is amazing . In fact , it probably only takes 15 minutes to assemble a Weber . I know this because I have convinced four friends to purchase a Weber and helped them assemble them . Well again , just because Weber has there name behind it do n't be fooled . This is no Weber ! You are going to get a good size bag of bolts and a booklet of instructions . Be prepared to spend an hour or two.On the positive side : The cover has Velcro straps to hold it on which is a nice design.Personally , I regret purchasing this grill and ca n't wait to replace it . It is embarrassing to use when I have friends over . I wish I had it to do over again.If I did n't previously own a Weber or if another company had purchased Ducane I probably would not be as disappointed as I am with this product .
 You get what you pay for . Bought this 3 years ago . The heat plates have disintegrated and cost about $ 100 to replace ... almost 1/3 the cost of a new grill . Ducane may be part of the Weber family but this grill is NOT even close to a Weber . If you want a grill that will last , make sure all the parts are STAINLESS .
 If this product works for you it 's because you have soil so light and fluffy that you could cultivate it with a Q-tip . If your soil is any harder than moist potting soil , this tool will quickly become a twisted mass of metal resembling a train wreck . Do n't reward crappy design and production -- avoid this tool .
 The first thing I have ever returned to Amazon . The material is thin - not worth the price . Buy a different hammock.On the upside , the company was very accommodating about me returning it - was well over 30 days and no problem with getting my money back !
 You 'll have to replace this every 4-6 months because the tines eventually bend .
 The Honda powered Mantis worked well for perhaps 3 months . Then the motor started to cut out when giving it full throttle . Several owners have reported this problem . I Assumed this was varnish deposits from ethenol in the gas so I stripped , soaked and cleaned the carb but no difference . I then bought a new carb which did the same thing after only 3 weeks . Besides the crap Honda motor the Mantis stainless steel blades bend very easily and have to be twisted back straight every time you use it . The handles of the machine twist out of alignment and need a better way to secure them.All in all this machine is expensive and poor quality . I was fooled into thinking a Honda engine was the best you can buy , perhaps the two stoke version is more reliable . I would not buy this machine .
 I live at 6500 feet . The tiller is underpowered and apparently needs a carb kit that is for high altitude that no one out in my area knows how to do -- even the dealers . The tiller tines freeze every time they catch a 4 '' rock . I 'm sure it is fine for small gardens with no rocks at low altitudes , but it is barely useful at 6500 feet with periodic rocks . I 'm always stopping the thing to pry out rocks that get stuck between the tines and the tine cover . Any tall weed will also wrap around the tines and I need to stop it to dig them out . Wo n't cut them or till them in . Would probably buy a more conventional tiller next time .
 From the moment I opened the box , I 've had problems . In summary , the throttle cable retainer clip that keeps the throttle cable close to one of the handles , broke when I went to clip it around the cable and the handle . I had to use a zip strip to secure it into place . Next was the fact that when I went to run a mounting screw for the handle brace through one of the handles , there was only a hole on one side and not both as required to get the screw through it . Nice quality control , huh ? I finally got it assembled and began to use it . Oiled it up , gassed it up , and because I have used a Mantis tiller previously from rental companies , I knew exactly how to use it . After multiple attempts at getting it started , it finally did . After 20-25 minutes of easy use , it stalled out repeatedly . No clue what the problem is and of course the phone number on the manual is in operation only during M-F business hours - as if no one would ever need assistance with a tiller over the weekend . Not impressed , or even satisfied at all at this point .
 Purchased the tiller under the impression that it would be great . All the advertising on TV and in magazines , etc.Delivered to home promptly , put it together and it took about an hour and 10 minutes to get it started . Once started it ran sluggish . After a few minutes turned it off and it has never started again . Emails to Mantis seem to fall off the world as no response.So I went out and purchased a large 5 hp front tine tiller and it starts first time every time . Does a great job compared to the Mantis , seeing I can not get the Mantis to even run.I am not going to drag the mantis all over town to get it fixed , that is just plain nuts . Not going to send it back , as I do not see much in track record of Mantis happy repairs for customers . Looks like Ive been had.Just to let you know about my mantis experience .
 Bought one of these 4 years ago . Have had a problem from day one . Oil spewed from the spark arrestor . Covered under warranty . This year ran Ok but there has been a gradual loss of power over the past three years . After running it for about 1 hour this year I could not start the engine . Brought it in for service . Needed a new carburetor -LRB- only about 35 hours on the engine -RRB- . Still had problems - replaced pistons and head gasket . $ 300 in repairs , started right up and ran about 5 minutes , then would stall out when I tried to start tilling.Repair company has no idea what else is wrong . Called Mantis who said to call Honda - talk about passing the buck . The number they gave me for Honda was not working.I have had used Mantis tillers for 25 years . But my run with them is finished !
 I used the tiller 1 time . After that time it sat for 1 week . All the oil leaked into the cylinder . Mantis would not repair or refund . Honda did not know how to fix . Mantis said they would send a new tiller but never received . Suggest not dealing with Mantis products because of poor customer service .
 first of all the mantis tiller is a good tiller . but amazon shipped me a refurbished or a used item . it came to me with gas and oil in the box . it would not run under load and stalled in my garden . amazon would not give me my money back and wanted to ship me another tiller . i called mantis . they are sending me a NEW tiller . i recommend you deal with mantis as there service reps dont lie and dont run you around the flagpole for two weeks with your money in there pockets . my neighbor lady has a mantis and hers runs very well . this is why i ordered one . im disabled and i wanted one . but i never thought amazon would take advantage of me like this . i know if i shipped it back they would deduct a huge amount of return shipping off of my credit card . but mantis stepped up and did all of this for free . and i didnt have to pay a dime . this is a good tiller for small gardens and flower beds . shame on you amazon . ive been a loyal customer since 2008 and one of your phone geeks just cheesed me off . carl
 It is cute , but for some reason my birds wo n't go to it . I think maybe the hole for them to go into is too small .
 Home Depot now has a Generac 14 hp engine/generator # 1470 with a 2 year warranty and is selling it for about 1150 . This includes a cable , wheel kit and it is electric start . Generac says this is for Home Depot only , you have other names , but not the warranty . I am afraid for the money , warranty and electric start nothing you have compares .
 I decided to try these out , even though there were numerous bad reviews , and what a waste of time it was . These aerator shoes are probably the worst engineered product I have ever seen . One of the extremely cheap plastic buckles snapped off the first time I put them on my feet , so that one had no chance of staying on . But even the other one that did n't have defective buckles , would n't stay on my foot . As soon as I took a single step , my foot slipped right out of the shoe . It 's literally impossible for these things to stay on your feet . It 's like somebody said `` Let 's just engineer something and put it on the market without testing it in any way whatsoever '' . These things are overpriced by about $ 25 . Yes , I know that 's more than the cost of the product , but they should be paying us to test it for them , because that 's exactly what 's happening . I 'm returning mine immediately .
 I bought a pair and they will not stay on no matter what I try , after awhile the straps broke and I threw them away , do n't bother .
 I guarantee you that these sandals will not stay on your foot . Great concept - terrible design . I tired re-enforcing the straps with some rope and was able to walk around about 2 minutes longer before they become loose again . The box recommends using them while you mow the yard - yeah , if you want to spend 12 hours mowing . Do n't waste your money .
 Unless your lawn is VERY soft , this style of aerator does n't work at all , regardless of manufacturer .
 I bought these to get some air into the soil , just like the rest of you are planning.Putting them on is easy , straps are way to big . but OKTook 1 step into the yard and they fall off in the back and give you a pretty nice dig on the ankle . Readjusted and the same result . . pretty much useless . Buy the hand aerator with a shovel handle and get a work out at least it will work ...
 The idea seemed like a good one , so I bought them . BAD move on my part . I would make these Bosmere Aerating Sandals , Model K764 a -10 stars , if it were available . Here are the negatives :1 . They collect almost anything you step on -LRB- e.g. , dirt , leaves , grass -RRB- and it tends to clump onto the sandles with the spikes as a reatainer .2 . They will not say in position on the shoes , no matter what shoes you use .3 . The retainer straps comes loose easily . Even tying the in knot after tension , does n't help .4 . The spikes come loose easily and require retighening after a few uses .5 . The loosness , repositioning , clumpng of debris causes ankles to twist and can result in serious injury.Solution
 i recieved the cheap version of the axe advertised , which split after a few strikes , the pine handle was absolute garbage , Gransfors Bruks ! they 're the only well made axes on the market , however they are quote expensive
 Mine leaked -- first a tiny leak , then a geyser.Drove to Home depot and bought a plastic one . Half the price , no leaks.The problem is
 Seem to be OK but not as good as I expected . Looks like they have some problems with quality control . I had to file one of the male ends some before I could get it to go into the female connector . They are made in China now so what can you expect . Also I consider them to be overpriced for a Chinese import .
 2pcs for pver 8 ... harbor freight has a 6pc set for a few cents more . i wish i 'd of bght theirs . got ta be careful of amazon pricing .
 As you can see this product clearly states 129 gallon Deck Box ... HOWEVER , when it is delivered it clearly states on the box 99 Gallons . Ouit a dissparity . I am in the process of returning it . I had received a product confirmation from Wayfairer and responded to them prior to delivery that it was the wrong product but they appeared to do nothing to correct the problem .
 This appears to be an excellent product , however , due to extremely poor packaging -LRB- that appeared to have been damaged PRIOR to shipping -RRB- and UPS shipping , it arrived with several areas shattered into tiny plastic shards . I would only buy it again if it were better packed for shipping .
 The long reach is nice and the brush and scraper are in fine condition . However , the grip for the hand rotates and does not stay in place which essentially makes the handle grip useless . Would not buy again .
 The product seems sturdy enough , but the handle will not stay on the lid . Every time I try to open the lid to throw something away the handle just comes off in my hand and the lid does n't even open . I could just glue it on but then it wo n't slide and the locking feature will not exist . I would NOT recommend this product if you plan on keeping it outside in even slightly windy conditions .
 The large number of glowing reviews induced me to purchase this item . After opening the box which arrived very quickly -LRB- shipped UPS by Amazon -RRB- I noticed that the plastic panels comprising this item were very light and flimsy . Following the instructions I attempted to assemble it , which proved impossible as the pieces did not fit together . If I had been luckier perhaps I would have gotten one with better fitting pieces , but unfortunately I had no alternative but to return it to Amazon because it could not be assembled successfully . I may not be a rocket scientist or engineer , but I have assembled computer desks , tables and other furniture successfully over the years even allowing for an initial error or two . Even following the instructions to the letter this item could not be assembled so that it was a usable product .
 There 's no way to attach a trash bag inside and it 's impossible to put in a completely filled bag so in order to use it , I have to only partially fill bags .
 While the product went together quickly and just like the instructions said , the lid leaves alot to be desired . The mechanism designed to slide/open and lock does not stay attached to the can and instead ends up in your hand.Because there is nowhere to hook or secure a trash bag inside I have decided to make it my recylcle can instead.I would not buy this item again nor would I reccommend it if you are planning on placing regular trash in it .
 I needed some help when I put the pieces together . The customer service person was not helpful and kept saying not our responsibility . Once a piece is set up you can not remove it which make the trash hard to clean or even to put well together if you make a mistake bec that 's it . Not a nice company , product okay , over rated . They are better companies and product for this price out there .
 I never put mine together since I thought I was buying a white trashcan not an ugly taupe one ! The picture on the box is white and no where in the description does it say it is taupe . I sent mine back and they refused to pay my shipping charges . From what I could tell , is is very cheap plastic anyway .
 and when I got to check-out realized that the shipping was a whopping $ 23.88 ! That is insane . It 's exactly what I 'm looking for but no way will I pay such a criminal shipping charge .
 We were looking for a decent looking trash can for our new outdoor space that our dogs could not get into so this appeared to be the perfect solution . It was easy to assemble , looked great -LRB- very neutral -RRB- , and the dogs have never gotten into it . However , it is not water tight . If you always remove the trash , always remeber to remove the bag before it rains , or it you have a covered outdoor space it may work great for you . We kept a bag in all of the time and it was a hassle to move it and dump the water while tring not to dump the trash all over the yard . Very disappointing .
 We bought two of these almost three years ago . We 're ultimately junking them for one reason . They have uneven surfaces on the inside , not sharp per se , it 's more a lattice of plastic ridges , knob-like projections , etc. , which look more to be part of the manufacturing process , but invariably when you try to pull out a trash bag , some can , bottle , etc. catches something sticking out from the inside of the container , and the trash bag tears . I love my dremel , etc. , but there just is n't an easy modification -LRB- sanding , smoothing , etc. -RRB- to obviate this problem . It 's just not been worth it , and we 're looking for something new . Aside from that , the construction and value were just fine . They lasted , both indoors and out .
 I purchased the Duracord model thinking it would hold up well if left outside . While the hammock itself has held up very well , the spreader bars did not . After only 1.5 years , the hammock roping looks just as it did when I bought it . However , BOTH of the spreader bars have essentially disintigrated and split completely in two in multiple locations . This renders the hammock itself useless . Pawleys Island needs to consider a different composition material for the spreader bars which will hold up as well as the roping itself . If you 're thinking you 're getting a hammock that will hold up well left outside and provide years of service , save your money and buy a cheaper cotton or polyester version .
 This is an addendum to the review I wrote on 5/9/2003 . I disassembled the hose reel to attempt to see why it was leaking so vigorously -LRB- and has leaked since the day it came home -RRB- . The way the pressurized water or chemical is transferred to the reel involves a couple of ten cent O-rings on either side of a manifold and these were dried out and brittle . ... Should you purchase this product anticipate that parts may or may not be a problem for you as they have been for me .
 Got the wheels on this unit and realized that the case had plastic pieces floating around inside.After a closer look this is what I found ... A yellow plastic piece about 1/16X1/2X1 / 2 which held the heavy pump . The shroud over the pump and fan had split , also flimsy and doubled as a mount . -LRB- yea right -RRB- all this caused the pump to shift and snapped the control knob and outlet , both plastic and way too cheesey !! I doubt this could stand being knocked over and dropping it would destroy it !! ... If you buy it and it makes it to your place in one piece , treat it like a Faberge ' Egg ... Germen Engineered ? Must be East Germany !!!
 Unless we 're doing something wrong , this thing could n't clean a clean plate , much less `` cut the dirt '' off anything . The only thing it will do is cut money from your bank account . Do yourself a favor . If you see this piece of junk on the TV , quick , change the channel !! If you see it on a shelf , walk slowly away from it and MAYBE what it 's made out of wo n't rub off on you . In other words , this has to be the WORST piece of ... er ... refuse , I 've ever bought . If I could get a refund , I would , but I 'm not holding my breath . Heaven help any of you who do not heed this warning and buy this thing anyway . You have been warned .
 The inlet valve has broken on 2 machines -LRB- one was a warranty replacement -RRB- , will never buy Karcher again .
 BEWARE ! Do not purchase this or any other product by KARCHER . They , may in some cases -LRB- rare as they might be -RRB- , make a fine product ... not here ! This fine little piece of junk burnt up after 5 uses -LRB- all vehicles ! no strenuous work at all ! -RRB- Forget their so-called `` warranty '' , they refer you to a local service dealer and then refuse the claim . I guess it will make a nice $ 100 lawn ornament at the local landfill . My mistake . Once again , BEWARE !!!!!
 Wow , what a piece of junk . I bought at BJ 's Club and have n't tried to return yet . We 'll see if their service is better than -LRB- at least this piece -RRB- of merchandise ...
 I purchased the karcher 1400psi 1.3 GPM less than a year ago , but did n't open box til my handyman arrived this weekend . he said the product worked fantastic for 15 minutes ; then the motor died !!! first time it was used !!! amazon basically said tough luck ; i called karcher 800-number , and the message is `` the wait time is EXCESSIVE ... '' so then it tells you to try another time and hangs up on you . I paid $ 99.99 for mine ... and is a piece of junk . i do not recommend buying any electric/electronic product from amazon ... they take no responsibility for selling junk ; sears or walmart would have exchanged product easily and without question ... and i obviously do not recommend karcher brand either . save your money !!!! the worst purchase i have ever made in my life .
 I looked for a lighter duty pressure washer for use around home , basically cleaning the patio , and patio furniture . Nothing particularly difficult.Before buying , I read the mixed reviews on Karcher washers . I decided to try it , based on the price.There are several issues . First , it is a tall machine , with a small foot print . Normally this would be helpful as it saves space in the garage . However , the small foot print makes it prone to tip over . Mine tipped over and scratched the case up within the first few minutes of use.The connector from the garden hose is attached at the base of the unit . It is soft plastic . If not lined up just right , it is very easy to cross thread the hose connection.The high pressure hose is a fairly ridged plastic . It does n't flex as much as it should and it tends to twist around on itself.The washer can spray a detergent , which is drawn through a tube . The tube should be placed into a bucket of detergent . While not too short , a slightly longer tube would be easier to use.I was able to use the washer one time successfully . The second time I tried to use it , the washer stopped working . It started spraying out of the inside of the case . I could call Karcher and ask for a replacement , but the other reviews I read indicate warranty and parts servicing is both slow and difficult . I am taking this back and buying a different company 's product .
 I purchased our Karcher powerwasher and was initially very pleased . It worked great ! But after four or five uses , the motor quit working . Each time I used it , we had to coax it along because the powerwasher kept tripping our GFI outlets . We called the 1-800 number provided and were referred to a repair location that no longer works on Karchers . Too bad this product has so many problems ...
 I bought a Karcher K397M probably over a year ago now . It worked great , then the hose got a hole after about 6 uses . -LRB- Some people tell me this is because the hose rubs against itself while in operation . -RRB- I have contacted Karcher and they keep INSISTING that I buy a replacement hose for $ 61.00 that definitely WILL NOT fit this washer . I think they changed the setup because the hose for the smaller unit with 1400 PSI would fit , but I asked them if they thought this was a safe procedure and they never answered !! The hose they keep trying to sell me definitely WILL NOT work ! Will never buy a Karcher again and advise anyone else not to .
 It 's too bad Karcher has gone by the cheap wayside . The ability of this little machine is fantastic but it only lasts for a few uses . The hose kinked so bad that it sprung leaks and we had to replace it within the first week . The machine could not handle being on for more than 20 minutes . Now when you are power washing a deck or a driveway , it takes more than 20 minutes . It blew circuit breakers except for the dedicated line we had for our saws so it is challenged by a regular household line . The on and off switch was not in alignment so we had to jiggle it to just a certain point holding down the trigger and could not let off the trigger or else it would stall . The motor was challenged as well and not up to the tasks it was meant for . After the fourth time using it , the motor went into a surging mode , kind of like waves of power which would , of course , modify the flow of water . Eventually it just would not turn back on . We have owned it less than 6 weeks .
 Poorly engineered , or perhaps ingenious engineering?Well , I 'm fairly certain that Karcher does n't make their money selling machines , but selling parts . There are several weak spots that seem to be built in to this machine.The hose attachment is plastic and a huge weak point . It does not seal well , and when it does , it eventually springs a leak.The hose
 Karcher sells a what I thought to be a nice electric pressure washer . After 4 months of use , water started to gush out of the inside whenever the hose was turned on . That , however , is just one aspect of the problem.Their customer service for `` Rapid Exchange '' requires proof in the form of your credit card statement faxed to them in order to send a new unit , as well as a laborious phone call.Just save yourself the time , hassle , and headache . Do n't buy anything Karcher , as you will regret it . They clearly manufacture cheap goods and then provide terrible customer service to boot .
 I own a Karcher 3000 G pressure washer . One of the big concerns I recommend customers check prior to purchasing any pressure washer is the method used for connecting the High Pressure hose to the Pump discharge . On my Karcher 3000 G this connection is very POOR . I can not get a tight fit even after having the repair shop -LRB- recommended by Karcher -RRB- look at it . This loose fit , causes the high pressure water to leak at the joint and you can not get the full high pressure effect .
 Try two of this in a row at Costco , ending up returning both.After 3 times of uses , start leaking oil and hesitated . Manufacture defect !! do n't want anyone to go thru any hassle like I did .
 When it works it works very well , the design flaws previously mentioned are as stated . I have had this for 3 months and used it 3 times and the unloader valve has failed , what could be a ralatively easy fix is complicated by karcher . a google search finds that this is a common problem on this machine . It is impossible to obtain Karcher parts , they do not respond to emails and there number is busy . Other manufacturers in this price range have easily obtainable parts and are of equal or better quality . the fix appears to be to toss the Karcher pump and mount another brand on the motor ie ; AR , Comet , Cat etc. . .
 I 've been disappointed in this unit , mostly due to the cost cutting measures Karcher seems to have taken in making the pump section . The first one I purchased had a problem with the unloader valve from day 1 . I returned it for a replacement , which worked fine for a while . Then after about a year of light use -LRB- once every few months -RRB- the unloader valve started acting up , and there is no easy way to remove it for cleaning or replacement . Karcher 's phone technical support was almost useless . It sounded like they were reading from a script.The critical portions of the pump are staked into place rather than being screwed in . There is also no way to easily change the lubricating oil in the pump section as Karcher did n't bother to tap the holes for the drain or fill plug areas . It is obvious on the casting where the drain and fill plugs should be , but their is solid aluminum in their place . Other signs of agressive cost cutting aboundThe Honda engine is very nice and the cart is ok . After messing with repairs several times I decided to simply replace the pump section with a new Comet pump . It cost me another $ 150 , but I could n't see throwing a perfectly good engine and cart away with less than 50 hours use on them and the new pump is working beautifully . The best thing about this unit is the powerful and efficient Honda engine . The rest is bargain basement quality .
 I finally got the unit back from the service center after they waited 3 weeks for parts . Based on their experience with Karcher , the service center advised me they will no longer work on them . With the `` new '' pump , the unloader now sticks whenever I release the wand trigger . I have to either reduce the engine RPM 's or unscrew the nozzle to make it release . This happens EVERY time . Dealing with the company directly is a waste of time , and the service network is turning their backs on them . I ca n't emphasize enough how I regret the purchase .
 cant find any place that will work on it . cant buy replacement parts . this is a big waste of money , buy something that can be worked on .
 Go to Home Depot and buy a Devilbiss . This thing was a waste of money .
 Since purchasing this item in April , it 's never maintained high pressure for longer than 5 minutes at a time . I 've been online , spoken with reps and done everything I know how to do to fix the problem and nothing works . Now I 'm having to pay for a repair on this `` new '' item . I would n't even recommend this washer to someone I did n't like .
 I bought this because it LOOKS well-made and has a decent engine . Result ? Mine did n't last 2 years , and with only light , intermittent use . The cost of replacing the pump and accessories with something actually worth replacing them with actually exceeds the cost of the entire unit ! Pay another $ 150 - $ 200 and get something with a better pump . It 's worth it in the long run ... or , in this case , the short run . A very reasonable alternative isNorthStar Pressure Washer - 2800 PSI , 2.5 GPMPumps , plumbing , hoses , connectors , and wands are everthing on a pressure washer . Do n't buy based on the engine brand alone .
 I have owned this unit for about 3 years . It has been use about 8 times . After I bought it a friend warned me that the pumps on these unit 's are junk . I did n't believe her till today.No pressure ! Bad unloader valve . Karcher is is loosing customers with this unit . Instead of addressing the problem they hide .
 Purchased a K2400HH unit from Costco for light use around the yard . The Honda engine works like a champ -- but the pump is the pits . After only a year , the pump will not engage unless you hold the pressure handle wide open WHILE STARTING -- i.e. if you let off the handle while washing and then open it up , the pump will not restart UNLESS you power off the engine . Karcher support was worthless . Local dealer said it would cost as much to repair the pump as buy a new one . I will shift brands on the next sprayer .
 I wish it was possible to give a product zero or negative stars!Soon after I bought this machine in June , 2003 , I gave it a glowing review for it 's great performance to price ratio . I too experienced the frequent and aggravating pressure losses caused by a defectively designed `` unloader valve '' as widely reported here . Karcher will not step up and do the right thing to deal with this obvious , indisputably faulty design.The strong Honda engine will make a great motor for my kid 's go-kart . The rest of the Karcher machine is headed for the dumpster .
 pump leaked after a couple months nothing put problems with pump the engine is fine but not made by karcher no service or support
 I researched carefully -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- and bought a K2400HH from an e-tailer for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- with shipping . The unit worked great for about 6 months . It failed suddenly while cleaning a deck . The first service center -LRB- 20 miles away -RRB- said they could n't find a problem . The second -LRB- 30 miles away -RRB- is waiting for the company to `` approve '' a warranty repair on the pump . They 've had it for three weeks already . The washer has been down for almost two months . Karcher `` hotline '' is always busy . Totally disgusted with this product .
 I 'm just a little disappointed that the item I ordered showed in stock up until the day I received the email from Amazon.com telling me the item was canceled due to being out of stock after waiting almost a weekThanks ???
 It does n't really keep out the ants , they seem to know how to crawl under it to drop onto the bird feeder .
 Bought there for a friend . He has a small pond in the backyard with algae covering it . He has been using it for months with the Healthy Ponds Blast and this did n't even make a dent in the algae . Waste of money !
 We ordered two of these Best-1 72 OZ hummingbird feeder on June 3rd and have used them for 2 months . They are leaking due to stress cracks at the top of the bottle where the hanging mount is attached to the bottle . These feeders were not built strong enough and thus are very poor quality . Order a different brand and do not waste your money on these feeders . It is too bad large feeders are hard to come by.Troy
 I wish I had read the review before me , before purchasing this product . The bottle ca n't hold up to UV because it 's plastic . The bottle got brittle , and developed cracks . The birds liked it OK till it broke . If it were glass , it would be great.It only lasted one season ; it was a waste of money .
 I 've a half dozen of the 32 oz Best-1 feeders . They work great , one of the best out there . And I 've maintained as many as 20 feeders at one time.However the plastic 72 oz bottle is worthless . Flimsy . Deteriorates in the sunlight , cracks , mount 's flimsy . Plus in the high winds here in Prescott , AZ , it swings in the high wing , slopping out juice.Switch to glass and I 'd buy half a dozen.Is somebody listening at Best-1 ? Why do n't you have a website ?
 This hummingbird feeder has to be set into the opening of my garbage disposer to sit upright to be stable enough to fill , and the small needs a funnel to fill the feeder . The base is easy to wash , but the top with its small opening is impossible to wash .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 Product works well , and has some nice features for a Bedside night stand . Unfortunately the size of the information , makes it hard to read if it 's more than several feet away .
 Got the clock delivered correctly -- but with a faulty outdoor sensor . Vendor says to return & he will not reimburse my shipping charge -LRB- to retrun -RRB- . Amazon said they would get back to me with a discount on item AND HAVE NOT GOTTEN BACK !!! I had to follow-up & have now entered an ' A to Z Guarantee claim ' -- for which I have no idea how long I will have to wait.The clock was delivered on December 14 -- so it is a MONTH today -- not sure what can be done !
 I did n't like how small the projected image was compared to the Oregon Scientific projection clocks . Very small ` font ' versus nice big letters from Oregon Scientific projection clocks.Also , the projection alternates -- slowly -- between time and outside temperature . Very frustrating to wake in the middle of the night , quickly glance-up to see what time it is , but having to WAIT for the projector to cycle back to time display . You can turn-off the external temp display -LRB- only do time -RRB- , but that 's the whole point of the product -- right?I love gadgets , but in the end this one falls short .
 I thought this would be a cool product to have but it was quite useless . The atomic clocked seemed to work well but aside from that I was very dissatisfied . My biggest complaint is that you ca n't see the display from any angle but straight ahead and only within a few feet . I put this on my mantle and you simply could not read it unless you stood right in front of it . Another problem was that the main unit and the temperature sensor , sitting right next to each other , read completely different things . I can understand a degree different but 3 or 4 ? Lastly the humidity reading ... accuracy must have been the last thing on the designer 's mind . I decided to test my fruit and veggie drawers in the refrigerator and figure out which of the settings -LRB- 1-5 - 1 being lowest humidity -RRB- would be ideal . The readings were all over the map . Even without changing the drawer humidity level settings , I would put it in and it would read one thing and then try again and it would be something completely different . Even leaving it in for a couple of hours produced such varying results that it was useless to me . This is not even mentioning the fact that I would increase the humidity in the drawer and the gauge would go down one time and up another . Call me crazy but even if a reading is not accurate it should at least be relatively consistent . Lastly , the main unit lost connection with the sensor , when it was the in the refrigerator , and even when I took it out and back near the main unit it never reconnected . I did n't bother to reset it ... at the point I salvaged my batteries , packed it up and sent it back .
 Just received this today , and am immediately sticking it back in the box and returning it . Product defective from the get-go . Inside temperature is at least 5 degrees off , and outside temperature 10 degrees off . These are not small variances , they 're enough to make the product worthless for my needs . If you 're wondering how I know that THIS is the device that 's off , I have two other little sensors I can move around easily . When I place all three in one location , guess which two read exactly the same , and which one is WAAAAAAy off?To make matters worse , it is utterly impossible to reach LaCrosse tech support , or even leave a message . I have called three times today , selecting the appropriate option from the auto-attendant , only to have the phone ring forever with no answer . Not only am I returning this product , I would never order anything made by them again .
 We researched firepits for a while to find the right one . We saw a few advertisements for this one , all of them pictured it with the ceramic log and stated in its advertising that it was included with the firepit . We loved the idea of having a propane fire pit that had the look of an actual wood burning one . Unfortunately the advertising for this product is misleading and untrue as it does not come with the ceramic log OR the advertised marble insert it also advertises as coming with the piece . We attempted to rectify this with both the store we purchased it through -LRB- it was n't amazon -RRB- as well as the company that manufactured it . Both have responded with `` Sorry it just does n't come with it . '' We feel completely let down and disappointed with our purchase as well as the service from the company and distributers . Keep looking and find a reputable company who honestly advertises their products ... this is not the one .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 Broke in the first 5 min . I went to Tractor Supply Company and bought a Huskee brand kevlar belt and and have had zero problems . Using it on a 38 '' John Deere lawn tractor .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 a hurricaine could n't make this thing ring . Poor product . Big waste of money . Comes with a cheap string to hang it from a pole .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 The plastic valve to attach the hose to the faucet is leaky and no way to stop it . Cheap construction . Almost impossible to anchor down . Hose winds up very uneven unless your take it slow and guide it . Still better than hand winding . But I will replace it the minute I can find something that works .
 I was dissapointed in the availabity of sturdy hose reels available locally , so I went online to find the latest and greatest . Boy was I disappointed when this unit broke the first day I installed it . And I have n't been able to figure out how to make a warranty claim . Click warranty on their site only brings you to product registration . Ugggh!They have n't heard the last of me .
 The hydro industries rs-15061 reelsmart wizard hose reel is a good buy for the money . It beat anything I could find at Home Depot , lowes and Walmart . I am going to purchase another one for my hoses in the rear yard .
 I bought one of these items and it did n't look like the picture . It was a much cheaper version . The one I got was not enclosed . I could have bought it cheaper elsewhere . When I brought it up to customer service , they said they 'd send me the correct one . Well , they sent me the exact same one . I called customer service again , they said they 'd correct the picture . In the picture , if you see a hose reel that has a top on it and is enclosed , it is not what you will receive . Was told I could return both and they would pay shipping and refund money , so I commend customer service on that one , but what a pain .
 Spend your money elsewhere . The intake hose , which is made out of cheap vinyl , will spring leak after a couple of days . Good luck trying to find a replacement . E-mails to the manufacturer 's `` customer service '' go unanswered . Do n't waste your time or money . REEL PATHETIC
 Unless Amazon has corrected it by now , the picture in this display shows an enclosed reel with a hose guide that controls the rewind onto the spool . This feature was part of an earlier model that I purchased a year ago , and I liked it . The reel that I just received has the same model number -LRB- 15061 -RRB- but is not enclosed -LRB- the wound hose is open to the elements -RRB- and , more importantly , there is no rewind hose guide . The instructions tell you to guide the hose onto the spool during rewind -- much less convenient in my view . Also , the Amazon description says that it includes mounting hardware , but the recent model does not , and says as much on the packaging . Obviously , Hydro Industries has cheapened their product , but the Amazon description has not been updated -- buyer beware .
 Worked for a few weeks . Now it is slow and weak . Wastes a lot of water . Not for serious gardener . Should be metal and electric to make it wind stronger and more lasting . Also swivel would be nice .
 Can I make it any clearer ? I am just glad I was able to return it for a refund through Amazon . If you go through the manufacturer you will not be happy.This is no joke !
 Had this hose reel for a couple months before it failed . Despite repeated emails and phone calls I can not get in contact with the company . Please spend your money elsewhere .
 Spend your money elsewhere . Have had this piece of garbage for a month . The intake hose , which is made out of cheap vinyl , sprung a leak after a couple of days . Good luck trying to find a replacement . E-mails to the manufacturer 's `` customer service '' go unanswered . Do n't waste your time or money
 WILL NOT pick up central time no matter how many times I reset it . Always 2 hours behind . Other then that problem , it keeps time and the rest seem to work fine . And the engine sound will definitely shock you awake .
 This is a nice product for every Ferrari fan . It 's still a little complicated to use = would be nice to have a simple `` Alarm ON/OFF switch `` Still my husband liked it a lot.BUT ... unfortunately the tiny plastic cover that holds the batteries in broke . Without this little piece of plastic the batteries wo n't stay in.After contacting the manufacturer I just got the simple answer : '' . . We are sorry to hear that you are having issues with your Oregon Scientific product.We apologize but the battery cover is not sold separately . Please be advised that we do n't sell parts and we do n't have repair sites for our units.Hope this information helps ... `` No , it did not help at all , so I wrote back asking very politely why it is too difficult to sell a little piece of plastic to a customer.They never got back to me.I definitely can not recommend buying Oregon Scientific products !
 It lasted a month , until it fell off a low table and the battery compartment door broke . There 're two tiny little pieces that holds the door in . One of them broke off when the clock fell , which rendered the unit unusable , because it was the only thing keeping the door in , thus keeping the batteries in . The clock looked great and we were very happy with it . But the design is flawed when it comes to the battery compartment . Now it 's just a box and useless .
 Thought this would be a step up from the Black & Decker and Craftsman electric chainsaws I owned previously . I reasoned , `` Hey , McCulloch is a chainsaw company ... and it 's more expensive '' Wrong . On/off trigger is uncomfortable to use , chain sucks -LRB- does n't cut nearly as well as chains on my previous two models -RRB- .
 This saw leaks oil whenever you tilt it to cut ... . Ca n't get parts locally ... . It 's at the shop now and they are trying to figure out if it can be made usable someway ... I 'd send it back but I did n't keep the box ...
 Spend your money elsewhere . The intake hose , which is made out of cheap vinyl , will spring leak after a couple of days . Good luck trying to find a replacement . E-mails to the manufacturer 's `` customer service '' go unanswered . Do n't waste your time or money . REEL PATHETIC
 These are the nelson nozzles sold at your local Walmart stores . I purchased two of these a few months back thinking that they looked pretty heavy duty , had a bunch of useful spray patterns , and were less than $ 10 each.Right off the bat , the pressure that makes it through this is lacking , compared to the older nozzle I was replacing on the same pattern settings -LRB- and on the same hose with the valve opened up full -RRB- . Not horrible , just not as good.After just two months of these being outside -LRB- in Florida -RRB- they both started leaking from the nozzle . I guess the seals on the triggers are pretty weak , so now after just two months and approximately $ 15 down the drain , I will be replacing these things.Needless to say , do n't waste your money on these Nelson nozzles .
 can they really be selling just one for $ 5.00 ? That 's not a convenience but rather highway robbery . My God man that translates to $ 60.00 to replace the 12 bolts needed . The rating is more on the price than the quality of the product .
 Today I just had to cut the net to pieces to remove an unfortunate red rat snake from the net . Unfortunately , the poor thing was expired having been strangled by the netting after struggling to get out . This is the six or seventh time I have had beautiful and beneficial snakes caught in this type of net . All the others lived and were released although it is always a tricky surgery cutting the net away from a wiggling and upset snake . This stuff should be banned as a wildlife killer . To keep birds out it is best to get some shade cloth . The birds ca n't peck through it and it lasts for years . This stuff gets tangled up in everything and is a real pain . I am all broken up about the poor corn snake . He was beautiful . Now deceased all to keep a few figs from the mockingbirds .
 Had high hopes for this as birds were picking at all my figs this summer.One thing I failed to notice or they failed to mention is that this is just one large sheet of netting . No strings to tie ends , or elastic , nothing . you are on your own to come up with a way to keep this thing on your tree . It 's like good luck!did not end up using it at all. : -LRB-
 It does ok on getting rid of weeds among my paving stones , but a complete waste of time and money for getting rid of weeds on permanent basis . Yes it will kill a weed when flame applied directly to weed , but usually the weed regrows healthier than befor . I tried to kill ferns with it , but evry time I kill them they come back !! I do n't reccomend it for any serious weed problem.I hate using herbicides , but no real alternative !!
 I have purchased the deck shield after reading several good reviews . The product is simply plastic chickenwire fastened with plastic one-way ties -LRB- similar to police handcuffs -RRB- . During the installation , I realized that the item is not strong enough to shield a toddler . The netting broke with minimal amount of tugging and pushing , especially where it was fastened . Once a few squares broke , it was easier to propagate further failure throughout the plastic netting . I feel this product is unsafe for children.The bottom line
 Was hoping to minimize bugs and keep my garden safe from harmful chemicals . This stuff just is n't working well and we noticed that it may be damaging the leaves . We 've since stopped using it .
 Main unit is battery OR electric not battery back up . If you set the clock under battery and then you plug it in you lose all of your information . The alarm clock is nice but without the battery back-up you ca n't depend on it . The projection part only works when you hit a button on top of the main unit . It then only shows the time . If you hit it again you can see the inside temp , hit again the outside temp . Not sure why you would want a projection clock if you have to walk over and hit a button to see it displayed . Have n't bothered to insert -LRB- waste -RRB- batteries to even try out the thermometer part . VERY DISAPPOINTED !!
 I bought this and after six months the projector function does not project . Even then the number projected on the ceiling was too small , and had no focus or adjustments . Unless you can read an eye chart without glasses you may be able to see what time it is when you wake up in the middle of the night . Yes the light is still on but it is so dim that you would not know it is still on . I have seen this problem when companies use cheap LCD Diode 's . They dim due to bad design , to much heat . Buy the Oregon scientific clock at least it works and I can read it on my ceiling without putting on my glasses .
 The clock worked fine but the outside remote temperature was a bust and never really properly worked , even with the remote sending unit less than 10 feet from the clock . I got the temperature to show twice but it kept losing signal and I would have to open the back of the sending unit and press the transmit button again . We had a clock with the same features and it worked properly for a number of years until its remote temp sending unit quit . I am not sure if I just received a defective unit and all the rest work fine but I returned this one and was refunded the purchase price as advertised in all Amazon purchases . Thank you Amazon for standing behind what you sell !
 This thing is a piece of cr@p . It 's a cheap $ 2 plastic flashlight -LRB- batteries not included -RRB- with an equally cheap clamp and metal rod . Total waste of money and the shipping charges from this vender were more than half the cost of the item . So I paid $ 22 for a cheap flashlight and a clamp that is certain to break in a few months . I 'd send it back if it would n't cost me even more money to do it . DO N'T ORDER THIS .
 This nozzle fell apart on me after a few weeks of use . Now it sprays water everywhere and ca n't be turned completely off . This is partially my fault for ordering the cheapest one they have . Do yourself a favor and spend a little more to get a quality nozzle .
 * I am updating my original review due to poor customer service and lack of product replacement.After using K9 Yard Patch on a couple of occasions , with success , I ordered another bag . Upon opening the new bag , I noticed a much different odor than was present in prior bags . My husband and I looked over the seed and decided to go ahead with the patching of our lawn . Nearly exact weather conditions existed upon planting this time as did the prior plantings . I watered the same as well . Not one , and I mean one , blade came up from the new bag/planting . I contacted customer services to let them know what had happened and asked for either a replacement or a refund . I figured perhaps there had been a bad batch of seed and thought it was worth my while to give K9 Yard Patch another try . * The company has refused to respond to any of my inquiries.Perhaps the company did not agree that I should receive a replacement or a refund , fine . But , to ignore a customer and his or her questions and concerns is completely unacceptable.I went into Lowes with the K9 Yard Patch bag and asked if they had something like the K9 product . Lowes was incredibly helpful , customer service was exceptional , and the Scotts brand carries a line of products that do a wonderful job patching your lawn after the dogs do their business.We are a family with three dogs ; two Pugs , both male , and one English Mastiff , a female . We have used lime , particular fertilizers claiming to fix the urine problem , reseeded time and time again , as well as trying other unorthodox methods , all in a failed attempt at fixing our lawn . K9 Yard Patch did exactly what it claims it will do . We lightly raked half of the areas burned and planted the seed . After watering daily for a week , grass was growing rapidly . Within two weeks of planting , K9 Yard Patch had filled in the destroyed areas completely . The blades are thinner than a garden variety Kentucky Blue Grass , and the color is a rather unique green that does n't match our lawn , but , neither did the yellow , burnt blades , resembling closer to a stick than a healthy blade of grass . K9 Yard Patch is on the expensive side and the claim of `` 250SF '' of coverage per bag is a bit exaggerated . However , this product absolutely does work.One point I would be remiss in overlooking for this review is that K9 , once planted and mature , is not invincible and will burn exactly like any other grass . In other words , if your dog urinates on the healthy K9 Yard Patch lawn , sooner , rather than later , the grass will burn . The application of K9 is not a permanent fix . After writing this review I am ordering another bag to once again go over burned spots . The things we do for the love of dogs .
 Contains much more fertilizer than the seeds in the bag . After apply for two + weeks . I do n't see much new grass growing . It is a waste of money .
 Used 2 bags on spots in small area . Poor results . Very little grass came up . Would naot buy again . Expensive for no result .
 This product is very expensive and a very small bag . I folled the directions as printed on the page and had no luck what 's so ever . If you go to there website there is no guarantee or return of this product . I can see why . NO STARSI have been using grass seed & starter for years and I know that that works so I 'm going back to that .
 It may just be that my dogs trampled the area and did n't allow anything to grow , but I did not see one bit of growth in the areas I covered .
 Followed the directions to the T. Will try again and report if I have better luck.Not a single single seed sprout . I will flush the spots again , double . I have an irrigation system so the spots were regularly watered down before , and I had been hand flushing before I followed the directions.Oh well.Will try again . Maybe I did something wrong ? Areas are in a mix of full sun , sun/shade . She is a small 13 pound dog .
 I purchased this grass seed because my blind dog will only pee in 1 small area . I have tried watering afterwards to dilute it but that just keeps the ground very wet , 1/2 of the area is always in shade . I have never had an issue with the grass in this area until this year when my dog lost his site and will only do his business in this one area . I read about this seed and instantly purchased it . When I got the seed I immediately used it ... by the instructions . 2 weeks later I have only a couple little shoots of grass which you have to look at real closely . He has since cut his area in half , I continue to spray his pee in the one area and the other area I do not . So I know that this is not a case of the pee or improper watering.At the same time , a couple other areas where I had some thin spots , I used my regular seed there and the lawn is doing great .
 A oouple of weeks ago I spread this high priced product over some spots in my back yard that my Dobie had turned to a yellow color . He watched me carefully as I violated his favorite watering holes and when I finished he watered them quite thoroughly . Not to worry , I thought , this product is allegedly impervious to my Dobie 's output and soon grass will appear . After a week of no grass despite my Dobie 's assistance I decided to reseed and use a garden hose to do the watering rather than depend on my faithful companion . As I watered I kept thinking of the old saw `` You 'll wonder where the yellow went when you ... . etc '' . Another week passed with no sign of grass . I do n't need to wonder where the yellow went because it is right there where it has been ever since the Dobie arrived .
 We have a shaded patch of lawn that the dogs -LRB- three giant breed dogs -RRB- use for their business . We have tried everything to grow grass here and it usually starts going brown and then dies . We recently had it re-sod . Patches returned immediately . So we bought K9-turf . We were thrilled when a few little blades of grass started showing up . But that was it . No more . Two stars might be a bit harsh , but it did n't work for us so I could n't justify rating it any higher.Update
 I did n't realize it was basically grass seed with fertilizer and soil ; I thought I was buying a different product .
 Even after totally prepping the soil AND adding a good grade top soil -- this seed did NOT germinate -- not even a hint of a blade of grass -- a real waste of money as far as I am concerned !
 This product is worthless . I patched up a few areas on our lawn exactly as directed . The grass grew in within a few weeks . We water our lawn at least every other night -LRB- we live in CA -RRB- . Well , the first day it hit 85 degrees the grass literally shriveled up and died OVERNIGHT . Same thing happened with the backyard patches I did as well . Utter waste of money for this product unless you are happy having grass for just a month or so or until it gets warm/hot outside . The products also did not fill in all of the patches but rather was `` patchy '' as in spotted and random where it filled in .
 Believe it or not I bought this product twice thinking I did not apply the product correctly the first time ... . Secound time result same as the first it did not work .
 We live in the Seattle area , I always have said if you ca n't grow a lawn here , then give up . Got this to fix up a couple spots , followed the directions , and nothing . I would n't get it again .
 I purchased this with the hopes of patching up some dead spots in my yard from my dog , as well as some spots where the grass was n't growing as well as it should.Well , on the positive this grass DID grow . I had a high success rate with the seeds germinating and having grass come up . That was n't the issue.The issue was the strength of the grass . It was VERY flimsy , no matter how long I let it grow it did just not get the thickness that the rest of the grass had . It also would start to die if it did n't receive a lot of water , and we 're talking much more water than the rest of the grass , including sod I had down.Every area where this grass was has been replaced with grass from other places in the yard from gardens I dug up this year . This product is a good idea but did n't work out for me .
 Bought this product 10 + days ago , and watered like mad . No sign of grass , just bought some regular seed , same as I 've used in the past actually and will see if this works as in the past . Maybe it 's just a problem in S California .
 We have been using EZ Seed but it is pricey -LRB- although it does work well -RRB- . This product looked like plain seeds and I will admit that I did not do a lot of soil preparation prior to using it . I removed the dead grass and spread the seed liberally , keeping it moist . I did not cover it with any type of mulch . In short , grass did not grow . I do the same thing with EZ Seed and it works well in our lawn so that is what we 'll be going back to . This is a case of getting what you pay for .
 This was an adorable bird feeder that was supposed to deter squirels , but it did n't sending the feeder crashing to the ground .
 Do n't waste your money with this bird feeder - I purchased it because I thought it was cute and the price was right - but they should pay me for using it . It 's very poorly made , hard to fill , cheap materials , etc. , etc. , I think you get the point .
 Let me just start by saying that I am such a frequent shopper at amazon.com that I have the amazon.com credit card and kindle . But , I like to do my research to make sure that I am not getting ripped off . Well , this is a RIP-OFF !!! I found this exact same item at farmandfleet.com for $ 20 , including shipping.I think amazon.com needs to regulate their prices somehow in order to keep their customers .
 This was had to put together , doors keep coming off and with the lawn tractor inside its hard to get in and out .
 this was perfect size for my yard , and had opening on the narrow side . but leaked terribly in heavy rain and ruined the stuff inside
 The moldings where bad and had to send for missing and bad parts twice . Suncast was quick with replacing parts , but it took over a week each time.The shed took over 3 weeks to complete.Save yourself some time and trouble , go with a different company .
 These lasted 2 weeks . Very expensive for 14 days of use.I would not recommend these . Go with the Mechanix brand .
 I ordered these gloves several days BEFORE hurricane Isaac hit louisiana because I knew I would need them for cleanup . I payed for 2 day shipping and they did NOT arrive on time . Now , due to UPS tracking , all deliveries are delayed for nearly a week . I 'm quite aggravated.I would contact seller for a refund on shipping cost , although I cant seem to find contact info . So instead , all I can do is give a bad review . I would not recommend buying from this seller if you need these gloves ASAP . It cost over ten dollars for quick shipping and it looks like I 'm out of luck . Even got my hand slashed open yesterday , cutting downed trees , because of a lack of gloves.I will rewrite this review when I finally recieve the gloves to speak of the quality , or if this seller decides to refund my shipping costs .
 I have owned many pairs of Mechanix gloves before and have been extremely satisfied with all except for this pair . Within two weeks of ware , both index fingers blew out . The stitching came apart and the material on the thumbs and finger tips began to ware and eventually I owned fingerless gloves . Really disappointed in these gloves and wish I still had my receipt so I could exchange them but I just coughed this up as a lesson learned . If you do n't plan on doing any mechanical work , these gloves may work out good for you .
 The fit was perfect , they felt great right off . but after Using the gloves for 20 minutes throwing bricks and rubble around three of the ten finger tip seam 's broke apart and I can no longer use them because if I try my fingers will just get cut up ... not why I bought these gloves .
 This does not look like the picture . Buyer Beware ! I have had the $ 10 plant for 3 months . Not worth the money . It was half dead when I got it , and the company said I could pay to return it to them , and would have to have it packaged in a certain way . Cost more to ship back . I kept it and I am still not happy . I bought a few plant from them . I have a green thumb and love house plants , but these were not worth it .
 When I ordered it a week ago I could swear it said `` handles '' plural and the picture shows 2 handles side by side . Got one handle today . Not happy but I can live with it since only one is currently rotted out .
 I ordered these gloves several days BEFORE hurricane Isaac hit louisiana because I knew I would need them for cleanup . I payed for 2 day shipping and they did NOT arrive on time . Now , due to UPS tracking , all deliveries are delayed for nearly a week . I 'm quite aggravated.I would contact seller for a refund on shipping cost , although I cant seem to find contact info . So instead , all I can do is give a bad review . I would not recommend buying from this seller if you need these gloves ASAP . It cost over ten dollars for quick shipping and it looks like I 'm out of luck . Even got my hand slashed open yesterday , cutting downed trees , because of a lack of gloves.I will rewrite this review when I finally recieve the gloves to speak of the quality , or if this seller decides to refund my shipping costs .
 These lasted 2 weeks . Very expensive for 14 days of use.I would not recommend these . Go with the Mechanix brand .
 I have owned many pairs of Mechanix gloves before and have been extremely satisfied with all except for this pair . Within two weeks of ware , both index fingers blew out . The stitching came apart and the material on the thumbs and finger tips began to ware and eventually I owned fingerless gloves . Really disappointed in these gloves and wish I still had my receipt so I could exchange them but I just coughed this up as a lesson learned . If you do n't plan on doing any mechanical work , these gloves may work out good for you .
 The fit was perfect , they felt great right off . but after Using the gloves for 20 minutes throwing bricks and rubble around three of the ten finger tip seam 's broke apart and I can no longer use them because if I try my fingers will just get cut up ... not why I bought these gloves .
 Yes , you do get a lot for your buck , but `` you get what you pay for '' proves itself again.The metal and the wood quality is horrible ... Metal bends like butter and the wood chirps at anything it touches ... Unless you are looking to buy this BBQ set for only one season , add a few extra bucks and buy something more expensive than this ... . or get fewer pieces . . I never use half of them anyway .
 This product was defective when I received it and would not light up . I sent it back . I think it was a really cute solar light and would have kept it had it not been defective .
 Got one as a gift and it only worked once in a while . Got a replacement and that one did not work at all . The quality is just very very poor . Cute though , had it worked .
 Worked for a week called Eco they sent new battery and it still does n't work . Have to send it back now plus pay shipping back .
 it is gorgeous , but after one season I can not get the light to power or light at all ...
 But it only worked once . I gave it as a gift to to my Mother for her wonderful Garden . Very disappointed that it has not worked since .
 These Fairies are lovely in appearance , but Echo makes an inferior product . I have purchased 14 so far as I use them to light up a Chartres labyrinth that I made and five of the 14 do not work . Two were broken when I got them -- one of these was my recent purchases from Amazon.I had an electrician friend look at one that stopped working shortly after I had it and he was not impressed with the workmanship on these . He was not able to repair it . I tried contacting Echo with limited success -- their comment was that I did n't purchase the lights from them so I needed to go back to the source , but they took no ownership for problems.Of the 5 I purchased from Amazon , 1 was broken and two others had globes that were loose -- one it looked like the glue had not worked and the other one had no glue on it at all.If I did n't like the looks of these on my labyrinth I would be looking for alternatives as I have not been impressed with the workmanship on the solar part of them .
 I ordered this item and i took awhile for me to get it . Even then i did n't receive it . i had to call and see what was taking so long and they told me it would n't be in stock till the end of the next month ! it still said in stock on their site ! unacceptable .
 Received as gift because I collect solar garden items . This never worked nor was I able to repair it . -LRB- Vendor also never responded to email . -RRB-
 If you are looking for a quality rubber hose , this is not it . I have one of those quality natural rubber hoses from over 10 years ago , and it is great . I have yet to find those anymore.This one is a somewhat cheap , multi-ply construction hose with a thin rubber coating . It is more flexible than the cheap vinyl hoses . The male end of the hose is one of those mega-cheap pressed/stamped fittings.The color in the photo looks like the natural rubber hose I 've had for years , but in real life , it is a bright red-red , like the color of the prices listed here on Amazon . It looks like it will oxidize and mar leaving red marks which is another reason why I like natural rubber . I have -LRB- and hate -RRB- a Craftsman rubber hose that I have because of all the black marks it makes while dragging it across or against anything.I would definitely not consider this `` Commercial Duty '' but , on the plus side , the inside is not ribbed -LRB- kink-free -RRB- which I prefer . That way , you can cut off the bad fittings once they fail and repair them with proper machined brass fittings.Time will tell how long this lasts , but my expectations are not high .
 I bought this hose about two weeks ago . First three days it worked fine , no leaks . Then the hose 's male end developed a leak . First I thought that the washer was faulty , but no such luck . The leak is in the crimp that holds the skinny brass tread-piece to the hose . I guess I will have to return this . The saddest part of all - the product is made in the U.S.A.
 I needed an industrial-type hose and thought this would be the perfect `` leak-free '' hose to use indoors where you ca n't afford a cheap leaker . It was said to be made in the USA too ! -LRB- it 's a sad testament to our quality control . -RRB- It is plenty thick - a good feature , but the connectors are thin and cheap . As soon as I unwrapped the new hose and installed it I connected a trigger sprayer . I turned the water on and got a shower from the poorly done crimp on the female end . There was no way to stop the leak and it was a gusher . Rather than sending it back which is a bother , -LRB- and I know Amazon would make it good -RRB- instead , I bought a brass hose repair kit -LRB- which cost more than the hose -RRB- and fixed it . I 'm afraid this was one of those products that was assembled with shoddy workmanship ... be warned , it 's probably like our American automobiles - there 's likely a lemon in every group .
 -LRB- Disclaimer
 This has to be the driest soil ever ... It does not hold moisture at all !!! After one hour of watering , the soil started to dry up and has sandy texture . The regular miracle-gro soil works better than this organic one . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 To make a long story short - this soil contains compost which likely comes from yard waste , and there 's no telling where that yard waste came from or what was used on it . If you are using this soil to grow food , this may be of concern to you . ----------------------------------------- Like another reviewer , I also found all kinds of surprises in my Miracle-Gro Organic Choice Soil . I used a 1/2 '' sifter to break up the clumps and although it was certainly not as bad as some other big-box compost mixes , I still found , in about 4.5 cubic feet of soil : A plastic pellet from a pellet gun , and a piece of another oneSome green tinfoil that looked like maybe part of a gum wrapper - 2 piecesA small piece of opaque blue plasticA small piece of broken plastic mirror3 pieces of glassVarious small bits of unidentifiable clear plastic - maybe 5 or 6Several paint chipsI have a feeling their definition of `` organic '' is `` We did n't put Miracle-Gro '' in it . Granted , the total volume of foreign material found was pretty small compared to the volume of soil but still indicates that the source of the compost may not actually be organic . Also , I did n't find a single rock in all of that soil . ------------------------------------------------- I contacted Miracle-Gro by live chat on their website.After a bunch of back and forth and being offered a refund , I pressed the question of whether it was actually organic at which point the agent said this : Joseph
 I used both the OxiOut Algae & Mold Remover and the Oxi-Shield Barrier on my flagstone patio , which stays partially shaded . As a result of the shade , the new patio stones had turned green with algae . I found these products in my local Ace Turner Hardware and hoped that they would do the trick.The OxiOut cleaner worked great , especially when used with a pressure washer . But , I ca n't say the same for step 2 of the system , the OxiShield Algea & Mold Barrier . We even applied two coats and the algae quickly returned , just as bad as ever . I emailed them for an explanation but to date , I have n't received a response . Do n't waste your money .
 Arrived and returned the next day . This unit is 100 % unreliable , only picking up voltage `` once in a while '' until in direct contact with a live COPPER wire . Inside the breaker box , it would sound 1 of 10 times while on the main 220v feed into the house ! Live NM wire ... good luck!DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM !
 A previous reviewer wrote that this tool was not contractor grade . I would say that this is an understatement
 I was looking for a non contact voltage reader and decided to buy it . It worked for few times and then the top red cover came out and it stopped working . This happened right after amazon 's return window . Now I have to buy another one which works .
 I bought this item for a small electrical job at home , I ca n't believe Amazon sells this type of junk , not only it is cheaply made but is also dangerous to use , it does not work most of the time . My advise ; go to home depot and buy a 10 dollar one . They are nice hefty and durable unlike this piece of ...
 I 'm having to purchase a replacement for the `` Reliance Volt Snooper '' since the red plastic nose cap keeps coming off . Tape helps , but the cap is spring loaded and eventually works it 's way out . Also , very rarely will it pick up current without direct contact . Trust another brand !
 So it does what it claims . What it does not say , how poor the sensitivity is . It 's usable , but just barely . I do n't think it 's really worth the money . It works better with 220V than 110 . Put next to a live insulated wire it will chirp an light . However , if testing a wall socket , forget it . The socket 's live metal parts are just too far back to activate it .
 This weed eater did n't even make it one season for me . First of all , the string constantly breaks and the automatic recoil to get more sting out never works . I had to stop and reload the string manually at least 2 times every time I used it.The worst part of this weed eater was starting it . This thing would take at least 10 pulls to get the darn thing going . This actually led to the end of the weed eater . I could n't get it started as usual so I pulled the string with all my might and it broke off.I 'm not fixing it . This thing is a total piece of crap .
 I have told you that I cancelled a fue minites latter and when it came i refused it and sent it back I hope you did n't charge me for this item as i sent it back and if you check you recived one back call me if you have any more questionsdale parker 813-986-4118 or home 813-982-2753
 I do n't have anything against the pellet type of Sluggo -- it does n't have Spinosad or Imidacloprid . I 've been using the pellets and have heard from others that they work well.This particular product -LRB- the spray , which is made by the same company -RRB- has Spinosad , which is harmful for bees . If you have n't heard , the bee populations have been having a lot of trouble recently . There have been mass die offs of entire colonies and fruit farmers have started having to get their own bees.I thought anyone attracted to this product is probably interested in helping the bees and might not know about the harmful effects of Spinosad or Imidacloprid .
 I put out two pounds of sluggo to discover that mice hoard the pellets . The pellets would dissapear overnight and I thought they disolved in the rain . One day I uncoverd a moiuse nest and found about a pound of sluggo pellets hoarded in the nest . Its a waste of money for those that live on the edge of a forest .
 Thought I 'd give this product a go because of its `` safe for pets '' advertising . Unfortunately , it has not worked very well at all on our plants . After repeated applications of the Sluggo in the affected area , snails are still present and the plants are quickly becoming leaf-free . I 'm going back to the major brands next time , and making sure pets stay away .
 This product did not work . I applied it as directed . I still have as many snails & slugs as I did before using this . I had such high hopes too as I have a dog & was excited to find something non-toxic that I could use and not have to worry about it affecting the dog . I understand that it takes a while for the slugs & snails to die from this but it has been 3 weeks and I 'm still infested .
 Despite the advertising that claims this stuff is safe , there is recent evidence that this stuff is poisonous to dogs and perhaps children . It certainly does kill slugs , but there have been recent reports of deaths and less tragic poisonings in dogs . Iron phosphate is a naturally occurring substance . However , the inert ingredient included in Iron Phosphate baits is wheat gluten . As you can guess that makes this stuff very tasty for dogs . What the label does n't tell you is that the other active ingredient is the chemical EDTA . EDTA is an agent that allows the iron phosphate to become poisonous to slugs and anything else that eats it . Most of the poisonous deaths have come from spills or from dogs accessing this stuff in bags . But since the advertising tells us its safe for pets and children , gardeners do not treat this stuff as the poison that it is . If you are going to use this stuff store it carefully in areas where children and pets ca n't access it . Do n't put it in piles or allow children or pets access to treated areas . Read the article at hostalibrary.org , in the Reading Room . What makes me angry about this product is the advertising that claims it is safe , thus gardeners store it and use it without proper caution . If you have curious dogs , as I do , the only safe slug killing method is 10-15 % ammonia and water sprayed all over your garden . Be forewarned about Iron Phosphate baits .
 I have used regular sluggo for snails & slugs with great results for over 2 years now so when I heard about Sluggo Plus , I decided the high cost was worth it . I bought a 2.5 lb bottle for $ 30 . There are a lot of earwigs and sowbugs in my garden and the earwigs especially seem to do a lot of damage to my ornamentals . I have been using Sluggo Plus for over 2 months and it seems very ineffective against snails & slugs so I still need to use plain sluggo . I also just found 3 earwigs inside the flowers on my Daturas that are still closed but ready to open any day . The earwigs are causing them to fall off before opening . I am very disappointed with the results of Sluggo Plus and will not purchase or recommend it ever again .
 The shipment arrived in USPS box . But the container appears to be used . Blood like fluid -LRB- May be of slugs / shells -RRB- and dark spots all over the container . Photos of dark spots and blood like fluid on container were sent to the vendor .
 Manufacturer does not pack item well inside the box so that poker punctures the fire screen . After having to pack up and return this item two times , I will not be ordering this again . I 'll look for another manufacturer .
 This product was mispackaged . It arrived with multiple broken parts -- all four of the large granite pieces and the fire grate to be exact . My wife claims the package was n't handled well by the deliverer , but faulty packaging did n't help.I 'm extremely displeased with the trouble I 've had in getting a refund or having a replacement sent . With a large , heavy item re-packaging is usually not an option if you 've unpacked a good portion of the product before finding problems . The Amazon website was less than helpful . The representatives on the phone were less than helpful.If the product is sold by Target , I should be able to take it to any Target store and work out a return there . Was that an option ? No!Based on my experience , I will only buy books from Amazon.com in the future . You 've lost my business on any other kinds of items .
 Its an nice enough cover . Has soft underside . Cover does n't keep water out ! That 's why I bought it . Now the inside of my fir pit is rusting . If you want something to look good and does n't keep water out buy this cover .
 The cover fits extremely tight , even though my square firepit is within the dimensions it 's designed for . My square table has a square pit . This is designed for a round pit with a very tall screen . First time I used it the pit filled with rain that leaked through the seams . After that I put a kids patio chair in the pit so the rain would run off away from the seams . That helps sometimes , but not always depending on the rain and wind force . I wish I 'd tried making my own out of a table cover or oilcloth . At least it would n't leak like a sieve .
 This fire pit cover is recommended when the Blue Rhino gas fire pit is purchased . There are no details as to size of the cover , but the recommendation leads one to believe it will fit . It does not fit -- it is 3 inches too small . The cover measures 38 inches per side , while the fire pit it is recommended to fit is 41 inches per side . It would be nice if Amazon could insure dimensions are available when recommending something of this nature . Had to order a suitable sized cover separately and not from Amazon .
 Purchased a new fire-pit at the beginning of a very hot summer . Ordered this cover to protect it and keep it dry . Three months later it 's finally rained and cooled off enough to use it . When we took the cover off there was a huge puddle in the fire-pit . It was filled with muddy , rusty water and the underside of the cover is soaking wet and moldy.What 's the point of a cover that wo n't protect what it covers ?? This is a piece of garbage . I would return it but we 've had it for so long I doubt we can . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 After only a week using the cover over my Bronze metal Fire Pit ... the cover caused the metal to dull & discolor . I was extremely upset . I purchased the cover to protect our new fire grille ... not to disfigure it .
 It took almost a month to receive my smoker . It did not come with enough hardward to assemble completely ; they know that because the hardware package only has enough spaces for the hardware that they send , so they know you 're screwed from the minute you buy it . Then , good luck getting through to customer service , the line is always busy , ca n't get the hardware , ca n't use th smoker . WILL NEVER BUY BRINKMANN AGAIN ! NEVER !
 Bought this for my birthday last summer . After less than a year being used no more than 10 times it is in really bad shape :1 . The painted steel base lost the paint close to the propane burner and it started to rust .2 . There are two rods on the grill that were not properly welded .3 . The galvanized pan where that holds the stones / charcoals is rusting.As a charcoal smoker it was very good , cooked some good ribs . As a gas smoker or a gas grill it was very inefficient , heat losses everywhere and it took forever to cook something.I will only recommend this product If you want something that will last a year or two while you save some money to buy a better set .
 Brinkmann gas grills are junk quality . My 4 burner Brinkmann gas grill is falling apart after just two years of lite use and being covered . The spot welds on the ignitor came apart and all three gas channel crossovers rusted out . The parts to repair the grill cost me over $ 50 . Brinkmann customer service was rude and unsupportive since these parts are not covered in their paltry warranty time frame . Other parts are also rusting out . There are NO utensil hooks provided so you need to drill holes and provide your own . The design shows no fore-thought and is not user friendly when replacing parts . I guess you do get what you pay for . Best advice is to stay away from this brand .
 I was so disgusted with the arrival of my smoker , specifically the packaging . I was anxiously awaiting for it as it was a birthday present for my husband . I had decided to give it to him in the morning so he could use it that day to cook for company . Unfortunately that did not work out . It was bought as new and six different items were MISSING from the package -LRB- screws , handles , pan , bolts , manual -RRB- ! I was so embarrassed b/c I already had over 5 lbs of meat thawed ready for my husband to use the new smoker and now I have company coming with nothing for them to eat b/c somewhere along the way , AMAZON did n't do a quality review on all the items included in the package . I am in the process of trying to get a replacement but in the meantime I am out of luck . I have been a faithful AMAZON customer but now am going to rethink my AMAZON purchases since apparently the quality review of the packaging to make sure all items are there did not exist for the brinkman smoker .
 Packaging very bad . Rusty , dirty . We will need to clean it before we use it . The body of the brinkman smoker is out of round so cover falls right inside . Pan rusty and pitted . It was sold as brand new ! Will not buy again . Postage to high or we would return it . It was a Christmas gift and I was embarrased when it was opened.Brinkmann 810-5000-0 All-In-One Outdoor Cooker , Black
 I no problem assembling this great idea went to use it the paint caught on fire melted a hole in the barrel of this nice idea could have used better grade of metal and better grade of paint . still wait
 I bought one of these summer 2005 . This unit runs way too hot to use as a smoker -LRB- easily 250-300 degrees F -RRB- . I even got a replacement regulator from the mfctr , but both ran too hot . I 've had some success controlling temperature with valve on LP tank and a C clamp on the gas hose , but only limited luck . I 've tried using an electric hot plate burner , but that only worked in warm weather and barely got above 200 degrees . Hate to say it , but would recommend you invest your money elsewhere .
 Do n't waste your time on this one . I got this from Amazon for Christmas . While assembling I noticed several dents in the outside , but figured I could deal with these . However , the water tray was missing . According to the paperwork , it said not to work with the retailer , but call the manufacturer for a replacement . I called them and they told me they would ship me one out , but that it could take a while so I should just go buy some tray / pan that fits in there and use that instead . Why should I have to spend more money to get around their error ?? Anyway , here it is 5 1/2 months later and still no tray and no use on my smoker . I have again called the manufacturer and they told me they would n't get the part in for a couple more months , and that I would n't be able to use the smoker until then . I asked if they could give me a better option and they said that was all they could do . I finally got fed up with the manufacturer and called Amazon . They told me that I could have gotten a PARTIAL refund if I had called within 30 days , but they would n't do anything now . Neither the manufacturer nor Amazon will do anything to support this product and I 'm stuck with a $ 170 hunk of tin . Go spend your money on a company that will actually back up their product .
 I purchased one RoboClean 3 years ago and it stopped working after 18 months . Theyb offerred to fix it for $ 140.00 . I do like the way it works so I went out and bought another brand new one . That one stopped working after only 11 months . I sent it in for repairs since it is still under warranty . Product was received by Smartpool on 7-7-08 . I called them on 7-14-08 to check RMA status and was told item has not been received into the warranty department yet and after they do check it in it will take 2 to 3 weeks to fix it . I was originally told they had a 5 to 7 day turn around time . I called again on 7-16-08 and I was told by Valerie that there was a note in the system that it was checked into the warrantty dept on 7-13-08 and she must have missed that the last time she spoke with me . She said they should fix it and ship it out in 1 and 1/2 to 2 weeks . I called agian Today 7 = 23 = 08 and spoke to valerie again -LRB- she must be the only person in this department -RRB- she now says it was checked into the warranty department on 7-18-08 and it is probably still going to be about 2 weeks to fix it . I live in New Jersey and we have a short pool season so this product does not get much use and after spending over $ 500 on two Robocleans I still find myself standing on the pool deck vacuming the pool with my old vacum , RMA46480.UPDATE
 The Robo Kleen works great * when * it works . Every time I use it or every other time I use it , I find myself having to pull it away from the wall part way through a cleaning session because it runs into the wall and stays there or climbs it 's front end up the wall so that only the back wheels remain on the floor . Also several times found it had mysteriously floated up to the surface of the pool . I used the Robo-Kleen for 1 month during last year 's season and 4 months during this season before the motor stopped functioning . And now it is out of the warranty period .
 It worked great for the first season and I was extremely happy that I bought it . I hate cleaning the pool so the fact that I could drop this in and let it do its magic was to me , well ... , magic . Per the instructions I put the unit in storage this past winter and just re-opened my pool a couple weeks ago to find that my robotic pool-sucking friend lost all of its powers . It seems not only to have lost its suction power but it also does n't move around the pool as gracefully as it did last season . I made sure there was n't anything clogging the propeller -LRB- there was n't -RRB- - beyond that I can only hypothesis that there was some internal malfunction . The warranty expired so now I am grappling with the prospect of purchasing another robot or going back to the manual method . Because of its lack of durability I can only give this product 2 stars .
 I had Robo-Kleen in june 07 used it half of last year , this year it doesnt work . MFG says warranty expired too bad . Save your money .
 I purchased this upon the recommendation of the Leslie 's pool employee . It worked well for ~ 2 weeks , whereupon it just stopped . I returned it to the manufacturer and they sent a replacement . The replacement lasted all of three months before it too died . The motor just quit and the power box burned and melted the plug . The manufacturer would not replace it again.I replaced this last one with the cheaper `` bug '' - type and it is working perfectly a year later.Save yourself time & money and forego this piece of junk .
 Same story as several others , first one lasted one pool season -LRB- 3 months -RRB- , just quit , no apparant reason why , out of warranty . Second one bought lasted the same time period , this time , seems to have a mind of it 's own , and the wheels just wo n't work , not enough `` steam '' to get them to move across the pool floor . It is still under warranty but not wanting to go through the headache since the shipping costs alone could buy me one of those bug cleaners that uses your pool filter and it has much better reviews than this thing . Since we have a sand filter now , it wo n't be as much of a headache to use one of this type for our 24 ft above ground pool . Robo Kleen works great when it works but not reliable and return process is not worth it . In my opininion , this product is a lemon .
 Read the reviews before you buy it - they almost all say that it works great for weeks then craps out ! Do n't waste your money !
 We loved how the Robo Kleen kept our pool clean . But after two years the internal gear broke . It is quite flimsy , so no surprise . I tried to locate spare parts on the internet . No luck . Called the manufacturer . They do n't sell parts . They told me we could send the unit in and they would fix it . Estimated cost $ 140 - $ 180 . For a $ 3 part ! A refurbished Robo Kleen is $ 220 , so why bother!We tossed the Robo Kleen and will by a Polaris 65 or a Barracuda Zippy . At least we can get parts for these !
 I thought this product would last much longer . It worked great in the beginning but midway through the second season the drive wheels stopped working . Warrantee is only 1 year and you must save the receipt .
 The first one lasted 6 weeks after being used about twice a week 3 hours each time . The first thing to happen was the cord developed a break . I jerry rigged something to hold it at the correct angle . fixed . Then it would stop until nudged it . Finally it stopped completely . It cleaned great while it worked . Fortunately I was still under warranty . SmartPool shipped me another one and a free filter bag to compensate . They said this one had upgraded gears . That came in the mail early spring . I opened the pool that summer . That Robo Kleen lasted 10 weeks . A whole 4 weeks longer than the non-upgraded model . This second robot just stopped moving forward . The pump motor worked but the wheel motor would n't start as if the computer was n't giving it juice . It started the same way . Nudging it got it moving for a little bit but then after a week or two , nothing would make it move . Even the most minor repair of this robot is $ 150 minimum due to shipping it back and forth from the factory . And you can be assured I treated this second one like it was made of eggshells for fear of another broken robot . Do n't buy it . I just bought a bug cleaner .
 I purchased this cleaner 2 years ago and it worked great for the first year . The second year I had to have it repaired 2 times . I had a cleaner that worked off the pump but gave it away when I bought the Robo-Kleen because I was so impressed with it . It 's now totally broken and I am now going back to those cleaners that work off the filter . They cost a lot less and do n't break . Even if I had to replace it every 2 years -LRB- which I did n't -RRB- , it would still be cheaper and less of a headache than the robo-kleen . I 'm giving it 2 stars only because when it worked , it did do a good job . Other than that , it 's certainly not worth the money .
 The woodpecker pro is a good device if you live in a rural area where screeching bird recordings wo n't bother the neighbors . If you use this in the city , be prepared to receive a noise citation from your local police department . And no , you ca n't turn it down low so it wo n't bother the neighbors and still have it be effective . City dwellers might as well put that same $ 200 towards hiring an exterminator or pest control pro . The majority of times it 's a single woodpecker causing the damage , so it 's not like you 're going to need follow up visits by the pro . This is definitely a case of where being a DIY'er has no real benefit .
 Wasted good money on this device . Woodpeckers drilling holes 5 feet fromit as it blasts away . Bothers nothing except my neighbors .
 it is mildly attractive , yet all plastic giving it a cheap feel . . and even at 8bucks no real bargain . the paperwork mentioned a s-hook included so as to hang it ... none there . i hate getting stuff with missing parts!this thing is huge ! better have a lot of h-birds to suck up the juice , otherwise it will set there and turn bad . they even advise washing often ... all the more so if that juice sits there for more than a few days in hot weather ... i prefer our smaller feeder . we get 4 birds and the small one needs refilled every week . this thing would last a month , but then be filthy and raunchy inside.ADDENDUM ... THIS THING LEAKS AT EACH AND EVERY OUTLET ... A TOTAL WASTE !!! VERY DISAPPOINTEDi might ad , that the missing s-hook would be needed based on the weight . using some wire would be next best.i figure a 3 star as it is just sort of average ... the pic looks better than fact . had i seen it , well iffy then of we 'd have bought ... certainly not at the 11buck price .
 This is a nice product , shipped well , received in record time and good item . Would recommend .
 THIS HOSE IS VERY STIFF AND HAS A POOR ABRASION FACTOR IE THE VINYL GETS DAMAGED REAL EASY . .
 It did n't close quite right . With a little bit of bending and forcing of it , it got a bit better . The handle was also a bit loose . Cheap , but also cheaply made .
 try to buy amarican made products but almost all you can buy junck ? from imported that would not know quilty . it a shame all we crap from china no wonder U S A ia a mess with sub-grade products . all the imported garbage we get shoved at us lacks quility - pride
 It is a SHOVEL . A $ 110.00 SHOVEL ! Are they out of their minds ? IT IS A SHOVEL for $ 110.00 !
 Not sure what I 'm doing wrong with these , but even starting with a clean fountain , the algae seems to ignore the block completely . They turn grey and then algae grows right on the block ! Maybe I have developed a resistant strain of super-aggressive algae .
 This does not fit the Ducane 31732101 Affinity 3100 Natural Gas Grill we bought on amazon , although according to the internet this is the part for our grill . When it arrived , the pans were shipped in a usps envelope , so they were smashed and twisted a bit .
 It was hours before the thermometer dial adjusted ten degrees , and then the temperature remained inaccurate . The unprotected backing exposes the cardboard face to the elements . I sent it back for a refund .
 I got this clock for outside so I know when to go in each morning to get ready for work . The size of the numbers are great . I 'm not sure how accurate the Hygrometer and Thermometer are - they seem be off from what NOAA 's website says , but that is n't a huge deal to me ... . I mostly just use the clock . Very attractive too . *** UPDATE *** Since my original review on 1/1/10 , it became obvious that the thermometer is not accurate ... it shows about 20 degrees higher than what it is . Even still , I was ok with the clock b/c I really wanted it for just the clock . Now , the clock has stopped working too . I only got about 5 months use out of this clock . Lowering my original rating of a `` 4 '' to a `` 1 '' due to this .
 The hands of the clock would get stuck on the temp or humidity hands . Had to send back .
 Very attractive unit , clock works fine . Temp . and humidity not even close to actual weather readings , but it keeps good time .
 The clock arrived damaged , scratch on face of clock and arms twisted into wrong position so they could not move without us taking the clock apart . Cost to return this product via mail from Australia for refund was dearer than the original purchase price . Very disappointed .
 The temperature and humidity never worked . The clock worked a year or two before the second hand would get stuck . I changed the battery a few times and continued to have the problem after an hour or two . I took the clock apart to see if there was something I could tinker with but nothing doing .
 I hate to give bad reviews - but this is poorly made ; inaccurate in all readings except clock , but that stopped running because the minute hand gotstuck on the temperature gage hand . If manufacturer did some quality control and used accurate components it would probably be a great item.The ONLY thing going for it is that it LOOKS GOOD hanging on your wall . But do n't trust a darned thing it indicates !
 sorry , i 'm not hard to please . this spinner do n't spin unless it is really windy . also after only a month of mild weather , it is also rusting . not happy overall . it was not really cheap either .
 This product looks very cheap and it is not worth the money they demand . The green tear drop looks bad as well and when it rotates , it wobbles instead of maintaining the center position . Not worth the time and money spent on this .
 I used this cheap sprayer about twice before it would no longer hold air . The air leaks out of the pumping mechanism.I would not buy it .
 I bought a flomaster model that was similar to this a little over the year ago and spent more to get the 10 year warranty . $ 7.95 postage for each time I had to send back the pump attachment and when the problem was with the tank itself I was told I had to pay to send the whole thing in and if my removing the bad pump damaged the tank they would not cover it ? If you want something to last more then two applications go with a company that stands behind it 's warranty .
 This blade does not cut like the OEM . I use the OEM bagger and the tube from the blades to the bagger gets plugged up . It turns out that this blade does not cut like the OEM and can not be used with a bagger . I wasted alot of time learning this . Blade will work fine if you are just cutting and not bagging the grass .
 I had bought parts in advance in anticipation of winterizing tractor.I did n't install for about 45 daysWhen I went to install I realized I had ordered the wrong air filter -LRB- My fault -RRB- When I wanted to return it the seller reminded me that the parts had to be returned within 10 daysIn this day and age of excellent customer service , I expected moreI likely wo n't buy from this seller again - Their return policy sucks - It is out of sync with the real world
 The price is way , way overpriced ! After I purchased them I saw them in Wal-Mart for .89 cents and since they were so much cheaper in Wal-Mart I purchased them again because the ones I bought from amazon cracked and I only had them for just two months ! One arrived cracked in the box and I had to reorder , that should have been my first clue ! Do n't waste your money !
 I bought this fogger in June 2012 after having owned a Burgess Fogger previously . I was pleased with service the first one gave , but I could tell with the first use of this new one that it was not the same quality as the one I bought about 15 years ago . The new one performed well two times , and then today -LRB- Sept. 2 , 2012 -RRB- when I used it the fuel would not stop flowing when I released the trigger . Even after setting the `` safety '' on the trigger , the fuel still flowed . My window to return the product expired in July .
 Product works well until the fluid level gets to about 1/3 full . Once at that point the sump is not able to pick up the fluid well and generate the fog as required . It 's OK , but not great . I would not buy this product again or recommend it to a friend .
 Okay you fill it , light it , and wait for it to heat up . If you cut the flame too high it turns into a flame thrower -LRB- not kidding -RRB- . It shoots fire 5 feet ! Then you run up and start over . Cut off put out flame and slowly turn up propane to light pilot . Too little and it cuts off and you squirt the bug juice and then you must start over . Now when you have it set perfectly wow get ready it shoots fog for 10 feet so thick neighbors will think you house is on fire not kidding ! It does n't really cut down on bugs and your exposed skin feels weird for a few days after using . Even if you are in a no wind situation this will blow on you at some point its fog , its everywhere!This could be effective for spraying a large broadcast in 360 degrees while camping or if you back yard is a huge swampy acreage . Not for your average back yard needless to say the fallout from litigious happy neighbors that are `` concerned '' about the fog blanketing their back yard where their kids and dog play . Stick with Tiki lamps and mosquito dunks in your rain gutters probably more effective.Suggestions hold it real low to the ground and the fog will sit low for a bit.If the maker could change the dial and have setting so you do n't crank the fire too high ??
 I bought this in june and its n ot august . Item stopped working and I can return it . 3x use and nothing
 it was very frustrating to open the package and see the space where the bottle of insecticide should have been . af
 I had used the Black Flag fogger for years until it stopped working . After researching it appeared that the Burgess would be better so I purchased it . However , I was disappointed by its performance . Compared to the Black Flag fogger it did not have an ignitor so you need a separate flame source . It consumed much more liquid for the area you are fogging and it did not put out the volume of fog either . It also does not shut off as easily . On the plus side it does appear to be better made with its own reservoir .
 Worked like a charm the first time ; not as well the second time ; not at all the third time -LRB- just a faint puff of smoke and nothing more -RRB- . I followed all of the instructions to the letter , but the device is now fit for the garbage can .
 I just started using this heater and it does a great job keeping the water warm -- too warm . It keeps the water at 65 - 75 degrees when the outside temperature is in the low 30s . I 'm sure the birds love this , but I do n't want to pay to heat the whole outdoors . I 'm going to have to return this but I do n't know if Ishould reorder the same item , expecting that the new one would have a working thermostat -LRB- temperature control -RRB- .
 I figured 150 watts would heat water better and have a lower setting than it does . I guess De-icer does not mean heater ...
 The first one we tried the thermostat did not work and just heated the water up to over 100 degrees . We went back and got another which did the same thing . Poor quality control . We can not recommend this brand .
 It does keep the water from turning to ice , but it also tends to develop calcium deposits all over it . I tried to buy a decalcifier product and it took some of it off , but then after soaking in the bird bath for another day , the calcium deposits returned . Do n't know how healthy this is for the birds , and is not very attractive with white bumps all over it .
 Ijust received the `` birdbather de-Icer and was disapointed to fing it only has abut a 6 -8 '' cord . It needs to have an extention cord added to reach outlet . It is too bad Farm Inovators could not have a longer cord . Now I will have to purchase a small extention cord and wrap to keep dry . Look for a De-Icer with longr cord
 cord to short should come with same length cord as the other models . Cord is not even long enough to attach to extension cord as cord as connection would be under water
 I have been through two of these , each lasts for about as long as it stays plugged in.Once the season ends and you put it away , it does n't like to work the next year.I 've cleaned them up , sealed them and nothing seems to help.Now I use a deeper bucket and just a regular old mini H2O pump to keep the water moving.Yes , I tried both the cheaper model and the more expensive model.Electricity and water , they just do n't mix.David
 Bought one of these from Danny . Did n't last the season . Thought this might solve a lot of problems with CD players and amplification at the same time . I think it lasted 2 months ... then the recording started to sound like it was ggooooiinngg rreeaall ssllooowwww . It was actually kind of funny to hear it . The martins , however , were not impressed . Save your money and go with the CD Recording .
 The number of song birds in the area did not increase . A Squire proof bird feeder works better . I will test it again in another location .
 The Bird-X purple martin bird caller sounded good but only lasted 1 week . After that it stopped working for no apparent reason . I returned it to the supplier and am waiting for my refund . I purchased it because of the automatic daybreak turn on sensor . Great idea , too bad it did n't last .
 It broke the first month . Just quit working one day.Song Bird Magnet Also poor response from seller . When I called them to report it , they said they would get back to me in a few months -LRB- now it is 9 months later -RRB- about replacing it . More on order . Never heard from them .
 This product might be great for a warehouse , but in a residence , the sound of any setting above the small insect setting is very noticeable , and disruptive . We bought it for rodents , but the setting for small animals-rats , squirrels , etc , was not the barely audible level the sales materials claim . Not appropriate for any level of the house you are living in , except perhaps an uninhabited basement or attic . Perhaps .
 Purchased this as well as two other repellers from this same company and had to send back this and one other because they stopped working or never worked . I tested them on our two dogs this one worked at first but two days later stopped the other one never worked.I kept the one that transmits through the structures wiring but I do n't know if that one is working either.We got mice in our basement and I purchased these from Amazon as well as a bunch of inexpensive Black and Decker repellers from Home Depot and a few other cheap ones from other places -LRB- the idea being that they all transmit a little differently and to create as much of a disturbance to the mice as possible -RRB- . I put the cheap ones in every room of the house to make sure the mice went out the same way they came in . The intention was that once the mice were driven out of the house to place the more expensive ones in the garage and the cordless one was going to be placed in our shed in the backyard . -LRB- Both of these I sent back -RRB- . When I plugged one of the cheap ones in the basement a mouse jumped out startled and tried to get away as fast as possible.Hope this helps.All together I have spent close to $ 200 on repellers and peppermint oil . I have filled in all the holes in the basement walls with `` Greatstuff '' and steelwool and after 1-2 months it seems that there are no more mice .
 One week after I received the Bird-X TX-PRO Electronic Pest Repeller , it just stopped working , it was returned for a full refund . Do n't waste your time or money .
 I have noticed fewer mice in my studio which is located in a field next to wooded area . However yesterday I walked in to the sight of a mouse grooming itself sitting right next to the `` TX-Pro Repeller '' . The Repeller was turned on its loudest setting . This makes me think that the reduction in mice might be due to the poisoning and sealing I incorporated at the same time . It may work somewhat , I will continue to keep it plugged in but I am not sure it actually works .
 This product is very loud . The medium setting for mice is loud but the high setting for rodents is untolerable . I have had several of the electronic repellers but never have had one this loud . It would probably be perfect for a warehouse that you do n't have to occupy for any length of time . Good quality , just too loud . It was delivered quick through Amazon as usual . Amazon has great vendors .
 I bought this for a New Hampshire cabin that always gets mice over the winter . I used this -LRB- very loud -RRB- unit and voila ... no mice , no squirrels ... not even a spider . I like it ... you probably will too . Just follow the directions.UPDATE : This worked well , while it worked , but when I opened my cabin in the spring the unit had died and was making no noise at all . I called the company and they sent me a new one . I plugged it in , closed up the cabin , and when I came back in two weeks the NEW unit had died as well.Poorly made and NOT made to leave on for long periods of time -LRB- which defeats the purpose entirely , yes ? -RRB- . Dont waste your money ... !!
 I bought it in Summer and expected to expel away my neighbor 's cats . Followed the instruction to set it to the medium level for the cat but the sound sending out was so annoying - ear-piercing sound . Specially in Summer there are more activities outside the backyard and opening windows , I simmply ca n't take it . I finally returned it and use Moth Ball instead .
 I found a bat sleeping not even 3 feet from this unit . It is COMPLETELY USELESS FOR BATS !
 Do n't waste your money on this product . By the time I paid to receive/return it , I lost almost half the cost of purchase !! Did n't fase any of the rodents around my house AT ALL !
 Do n't buy this item if you think it will repell birds the name bird X tx pro sounds impressive . but it is only a name.I have a barn with starlings roosting in it , less than 10 feet away and who knows if the rodents are being repelled away by it . This item can be bought at Harbor freight for a lot less money and no shipping charges if you got a store close to where you live .
 Problem with this unit is that it can only be operated at one of 3 ranges of the frequencies availabe . Other units throw out all frequencies . Secondly , this unit can only be used far away from the premises because of it 's bothersome loud sound . Thirdly , it does not have ` through-the-wire ' frequency to penetrate the wiring system like other units do.I would not recomment this unit to anyone . Matter of fact I would recommend either Ultimate AT or better yet EPC .
 I purchased this product to control birds in my Barn.After much research of this product i was convinced it would perform.As directed I gave it 2 weeks to show results . As of today My bird population has not changed , with the unit on med . the birds appear not to be affected at all.Also this unit has no effect on the rodents , this coulb be a result of the height of the unit.I do n't find it practical to add another unit . The barn is 1254 s.f.
 Do n't get rid of nothing bugs spider ect do n't run from this all it does is make a lot of noise waste of money do n't buy
 I only turned this item on so far , and two of three settings are so loud no one will use them . Someone is clueless who designed it . There is only one quiet setting and I hope the sounds will deter some bats when i am swimming at night . Again , you may seriously want to think about buying this item . Anyone who buys this and tries the two loud settings will say what the # ! # ! . Two stars may be too high of a rating .
 I have trouble with squirrels and small song birds nesting in my yard and in my attic . The Bird-X seemed to be the ideal answer to my problem -- And had it worked as advertised it would have been . I have this large live oak not l5 feet out from my back porch . After placing the Bird-X in a sheltered spot on the porch and turning the volume up full bore I sat back to watch the action . Nothing . Absolutely nothing . As I sit here now , writing this , a pair of squirrels and a couble of mocking birds are just busy as beavers building nests within a few feet of the Pest `` repeller '' . I do n't know what you can do to get rid of insects but as far as birds and small animals go you 'll be much better off investing in a 20 gage shotgun . Do n't even THINK about buying this piece of junk . Or , If you think you just got ta have one . Tell you what -- I 'll sell you mine for 10 bucks . How 's that ??
 This team is very noisy and did no effectI also tried all the sound and the frogs , spiders , NONE cuso no effect
 I bought the unit primarily to rid my out building of squirrels . I found that it only irritated the squirrels but not enough for them to leave the building . The only irritation is to the owner as it did n't work out for me .
 I got this device as I have a bat problem , and I was hoping for a non poison method of getting rid of the little creepy rats on wings . I do n't really mean them any harm , I do n't want them dead , I just want them to realize that I do n't want to share a home with them.While the device did warn that it was more intended for outdoor use , I was going to try it in my attic and see how annoying it was . A working product may be worth a mild noise I may or may not notice . When I first hooked it up , the device was quiet enough that I did n't notice it all all through out my house on the BAT setting . Great!About 4 days after I had the device installed , I noticed that I could hear it when on the second floor of my house . I figured I must not have had the switch firmly into the bat setting and it must have gone up a notch . When I got up to pick up the device , I heard a bat a few feet behind me ... taking a gander at me in their ultrasonic way . It did n't seem to care about the device , nearly as much as I cared about being that close to it.It still goes up and down in volume depending on the day . Some days its loud , some days it is n't noticed even in the dead of night . Why the variance ? Either it is reacting to the bats being nearby -LRB- which means they still do n't care much about it as its been many weeks -RRB- or the device was just not well made .
 When I plugged this in , the noise it made was shocking . No way you can have this unit in your living space . I returned it for a refund .
 I bought 2 of these to use over the winter to keep mice out of my pool shed and grill . In the pool shed , the mice made their nest directly behind this product . In the grill , the mice made their nest directly underneath this product . It did seem to keep lions , tigers , and elephants away , but then we never had a problem with lions , tigers , and elephants before we purchased this product.Bird-X TX-PRO Transonic Pro Electronic Pest Repeller
 This unit costs much more than others and quits working in months . The reason is , I believe , that paper is used for cones in the speakers . Plastic would not change characteristics and cease to vibrate . Pressure on the speaker cones makes them vibrate again while it is maintained . Attempts to maintain the correct pressure for continued operation are fruitless.Do not pay the high price for this unit . It is not worth it and I suspect the same is true of other Transonic , BirdX branded products .
 I bought this product a few days back . I plugged it in to drive the squirrels away from my driveway . I left it on on loud for one night and the squirrels were gone ! I was a very happy camper.But that lasted only for a day ! The next evening I turned it on and it started chirping as usual . Then at bedtime I went back to check on it and lower the volume and found that unit was not working and I could see a red lamp in the back lighted . It seems the unit is dead after one night use.So I have mixed review of this product . If it is operating normally , it works but the electronics quality is not reliable so there is no guarantee how long it will last . And at $ 35 , I ca n't afford to replace it every week ! I have a 90 day warranty from HFT so I may exchange it before 90 days , but I may return it too .
 This product was purchased in good faith assuming that they were ok to use for Australian power supply of 240V without a converter , but alas on plugging them in they burnt out and are of no use to me now . I emailed the supplier to this extent and received an answer to the effect that I should have had a converter and would take no responsibility in selling electrical products overseas as it was my fault in not having a converter . Also that it would be better to buy my products in Australia , a negative answer as to my problem.Surely these products that are advertised in other places other than the USA should come with a converter when being sent to other places other than the USA , or being advised that a converter is required to use these products other than where they were originated.I am now out of pocket for the cost of the products and delivery charge , I will not be buying any more electrical products from the USA and will be informing all my friends and others to do the same.William Tyler
 I am not happy with this product . To get it to repel big animals the noise is so loud that it makes you deaf . It has attracted all types of bugs and especially roaches into my house . Something I do not understand . Very unhappy with it . Too bad I wasted my money . Do not recommend this at all .
 I bought this device to help chase squirrels out of the attic in my garage . I received it on the evening of February 6th , set it up and it appeared to be working well . A loud audible noise was being broadcast by the pest repeller . I shut the garage door and could still slightly hear the unit in operation . This morning my wife called me at work to see if I had turned the device off as there was no noise coming from the garage . I told her I would check out the unit when I returned home in the late afternoon . I went to the garage and found the repeller with the red power light on - but no audible sound coming from it . I tried changing the settings to see if I could coax the unit back to life , but it was DOA.For now I have rated the repeller one star . I have requested a replacement and will update this review accordingly .
 This item did not work as advertised and i would not recommend it to anyone . Sorry would not repel anything .
 i bought this to get rid of rodents in my garage . the unit is loud . it did get rid of the rodents . but it is also annoying to humans.well working in the garage i have to unplug the unit . I WOULD NOT RECOMMED BUYING IT .
 It was extremely Loud and did n't work , except on me . I wanted to leave the area every time I turned it on
 i tried this unit in my Gym/Office . Plugged it in , set the levels , and left it on for two weeks . What i came to discover was it definately was not working as advertised in that several mice had taken up residence in a shoe box not more than 6 feet from this unit . it is a good people repellant though , the noise is obnoxious .
 I am surprised it 's a commercial product . Even in the `` quiet '' mode , it ` stoo noisy . I bought this to repel raccoons and squirrels , but it annoyedmy family and neighbors . It 's not as the product description said `` The noise is intolerable to pests yet friendly to pets and humans '' . Finally , I returned it and I paid double shipping fee to get rid of this product.If you have 10 acres backyard , it may be powerful to repel most of creature , otherwise , do n't think about it .
 I purchase the Pest Repeller to chase off a squirrel that was living between a ceiling and floor . It left for a day or two of me putting the repeller upstairs but it has since returned and seems un-affected by the repeller . I have moved it to different locations and the squirrel just moves to a differnt area further away.I may just have a stubbron squirrel , but am disappointed since I 've had to call for professional assistance .
 the product itself isnt what its cracked up to be ! The med & high settings are so loud they are sure to repell humans as well as rodents ! To boot , it broke exactly 28 days after opening the box .
 I purchased the unit,Bird-x tx-pro , to keep squirrles out of my atic . Completely ineffective , use moth balls , tempory but effective .
 Purchased two repellers 2 weeks ago and nothing changed !! To me it seems there are now more bugs . They were driven out of the walls instead of into them !! This product is not worth the money . DO NOT BUY !! I will be returning them as ASAP !!
 HAD 12 SMALL COONS IN THE GARAGE AT NIGHT COME UP FROM THE WOODS . WHEN I TRIED THIS PRODUCT , WE ONLY HAD 9 , SO I GUESS IT WAS NOT ALL BAD .
 OK . I bought into this item thinking it would do something . I planned on using it to protect our summer cottage during the winter this year from all kinds of pests . I got and tried it out . First off just like the rest of the reviews it can be very loud and you do NOT want to use this product if you are going to be around it . So I found a spider and I though I would give it a try with this handy dandy ultra sonic bug zapper . So I placed the Bird-X TX-PRO in a box with the spider and cut an opening for the spider to leave on the other side . I turned the Bird-X TX-PRO on and left for 24 hours . The spider actually got closer to the noise maker to hide itself . One would have though it would have run out the hole on the other end . Not the case here . I tried the other setting and the results being very similar . I finally did the unthinkable and squished the bugger with tissue paper and sent him on the porcelain express . Bottom line is this product is JUNK , save your money and go buy something else .
 I pluged the unit in as directed only to discover the next day it did n't work ! I tried several things to rectify the problem but to no avail . I took it apart and added an external speaker and it is working fine . I believe the speakers were faulty !
 This is the second time I will be replacing my light bulb . These light bulbs last about 3 months and no longer . It seems to work fine for my Bonsai tree ...
 I am disappointed because it does not seem to be working properly . It flickers and seems to be at half power .
 I bought thsi plant light bulb from Amazon.com because it looked like and it said it was the replacement for my plant light . It was the same size , but the prongs did not fit into my light .
 At first I was able to keep three small plant lights with these bulbs going , but after I moved I was never able to keep them working . I tried many times replacing the bulbs etc. . . I am now using a small Sun System HID light and I am much happier .
 Light fixture went out one week after it was gifted to a friend . He replaced with replacement bulb and it would n't work regardless of setting . He threw it in the trash and I feel like my money was wasted.Glentronics PL-1 Intelligent Plant Light
 Really , if you take the bulb into Lowe 's or Home Depot , they have replacements that work great with the grow light.Just take the drive ... trust me .
 The item itself looks wonderful , but frankly , I did n't order a wreath box -- on sale at $ 18.88 , normally more like $ 25 or $ 30 -- because the shipping was listed at almost EIGHTY DOLLARS . Yes , that 's eight-zero dollars . I even called the Ace Hardware customer service line to see if it was a mistake -- the woman did n't look anything up , but said in a rather bored manner and a foreign accent -LRB- I had to ask her 2ce to repeat herself -RRB- , `` That 's because it would come by UPS and in a big box -- an `` oversized '' delivery . '' I 'm sure it 's a great product if you can find it in an Ace Hardware store , but for that much money , I 'll store my wreath in a clean , large trash bag and hang it on a nail in my storage cage . Sheesh .
 I bought it at Walmart , exact same one , for $ 9.00 . The latch hardly keeps the container closed . It is very loose and the container falls open when moved . I am returning it . I 'm amazed at the price of this item here . Way too expensive for what you get .
 THIS IS HIGHWAY ROBBERY . I CA N'T BELIEVE WHAT THEY ARE ASKING FOR IT . I BOUGHT THIS LAST YEAR AT WALMART -LRB- EXACTLY THE SAME PRODUCT -RRB- FOR A MERE $ 6.99 . I COULD BUY 7 OF THEM FOR THAT PRICE . THIS IS DEFINATELY TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THE CONSUMER , ESPECIALLY NOW WITH THE SAD STATE OF OUR ECONOMY . I WAS IN SHOCK WHEN I SAW THE PRICE . UNBELIEVEABLE . BUYER BEWARE . IF MONEY IS OF NO IMPORTANCE TO YOU THEN GO AHEAD AND SPEND $ 50.00 FOR 2 . I THOUGHT IT WAS AN ERROR .
 As you see in the description of the product it clearly says pack of 2 . I only received one and it was cracked . I wrote the retailer and they told me it was not a pack of 2 . They also said I could ship it back . I choose to not be bothered on shipping it back it was big and bulky and I did not want to pay to ship it so I just put my wreath in it and taped it up . I will think twice on ordering again on amazon . I have ordered a number on items from ya 'll over the pass years and have been satisfied i 'm very disappointed with this retailer and product .
 First off , when you receive this liner , it is folded into a smallish box , and you need to put it in the sun to get it to unfold and assume some semblance of the picture shown -LRB- my experience is that it will never actually look like that -RRB- . No big deal , there are directions , and it does n't sound that hard.Well , if they were the correct directions , it would n't be . You are given a large paper template and instructed to first cut out along one line for the first contour , which you dig to a depth of 13 '' -LRB- according to the directions -RRB- . Next , you cut the template a bit smaller , along a different line and dig that to a depth of 12 1/2 '' . First problem - the 2nd contour you are instructed to cut along does NOT match the lower outline of the liner . Luckily , we noticed this before we dug too much out , and also the correct contour is smaller that the wrong one , so the template was n't ruined.After digging a total of 25 1/2 '' -LRB- as instructed -RRB- , we placed the liner in the hole and ... it was way too deep , about 5 '' I would guess . Given the floppiness of the liner , it is impossible to accurately measure in advance the correct depth . So , after digging thru clay and rock , I got to fill in much of the hole.Finally started filling it up , backfilling the sides , etc. until it was full . Ended up being a bit too high -LRB- the sides stick up a bit , but not enough to be a real issue -RRB- . Have n't put the pump in yet ; its not that great quality wise -LRB- did n't expect much from it -RRB- , so I do n't expect it to last very long.Came out ok in the end , but given the cr * p directions , I ca n't give it a higher rating .
 This can to me rolled up like a log . It does not have a shape and does n't seem to be able to be shaped into anything that resembles what the picture looks like . A waste of time and money . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 the pond liner is not somthing you would like to wast your money on.the liner came in a snall box like a ball and when i toke it out it did n'thave any kind of shap.i tryed to fill it up with water and put it in thesun for a hole day but there was no diffrence in it , it did n't get the shapeand to top it all off thy are charging me 15 % pluse shiping to seand it back
 Only two of seven of the seed packets worked . I have done this before and follow the directions . I do n't know if they were too old but only the basil and parsley have sprouted .
 Do n't trust Brands On Sale ! This product arrived broken and was of very poor quality . The company would not refund my money and never provided instructions for exchange . I finally shipped it back and 3 months later after numerous requests I got half my money back .
 Not as advertised . It was not 80 `` x80 ' . It totaled 28 ft. In length . It looked like grain sack cut apart . Thieves !!!
 I was very happy with this pump . Quiet and efficient . I usually run 25-40 gpm 24 hours a day . It uses as low as 250 watts if the filter is clean , up to 500 watts at the higher rate if the filter is n't excessively dirty . My pump is within a 400 square foot poolside garage/equipment room and is totally protected from the weather , though the room is n't temp controlled . Its been in place for 2 years . Came home the other day and noticed it was n't running . The display was dark . Checked power , 120v to each leg . Switched the breaker up and opened up the control module -LRB- need a security torx wrench -RRB- . I could n't believe it , it was full of water . How did that happen ? Its completely out of the weather . There was corrosion within the aluminum housing and some light corrosion on the exposed -LRB- back side -RRB- of the circuit board . I removed the entire housing and drained the water out of it . The unit is well sealed -LRB- gaskets over the screws and gasket over the housing , and the bottom filled with resin . There is some open exposure to air on part of the bottom side where the controller housing makes its electrical connection to the motor . I presume that over the 2 years that temperature variations allow condensation to occur and water to accumulate in the controller board housing . There is no path for this condensation to exit the housing , and no ventilation to the housing . With this design , the board will fail , its only a matter of time . This is a inherently faulty design , and your unit will eventually fail . I called the company to discuss this and to order a new board . The technician I spoke with was not helpful , knew little about the product and would n't believe me about the water -LRB- on-line , describe by others -RRB- , and said there were not replacement boards to be sold and I would have to buy another $ 1300 pump which I only purchased 2 years before . You will not save money -LRB- net -RRB- on this pump . I loved it the first two years , but lost my love and my money by not getting more than 2 years service because of this design flaw in the circuit board housing which will accumulate water by condensation and experience corrosion . I am an engineer , so I thought I would remove the board and examine the components and try to ascertain which ones might have failed . I can easily make circuit board repairs . After removing all the screws attaching the circuit board , it appears the board is actually epoxied into the housing . -LRB- Perhaps the board is placed when the resin is still unset . I believe that an attempt to remove the board will likely just crack it , thus destroying it completely . So my Pentair experience is $ 1300 for two years and I need a new pump . Maybe I did save $ 600 in electricity , but I 'm worse off with the high initial cost of the pump . That 's too bad , because I was happy until the other day . I would recommend than any of you with this pump turn off you breaker and remove the top of the housing and inspect it for condensation . If present , let it dry and you will need to create some weep holes to prevent failure . A proper design would have weep holes and ventilation from the adjacent fan.One star since it will fail and will ultimately not save you money . 5 stars if it is redesigned to solve this board corrosion problem , and if you could buy replacement parts.Update June 8 , 2012
 I purchased one of these pumps to replace a 2.5 HP single speed pump . In concept it is a great idea and the variable speed saves a lot of energy . However what Pentair does not tell you is that this pump is NOT SUITABLE for pools with ROOF MOUNTED SOLAR . Pentair is also the worst company I have encountered for customer support , or should I say the lack of customer support . After days of calling the company and being passed around from one person to another I finally got to speak to someone who said she understood the problem but I needed to speak to an engineer in hydraulics . I called the guy who she said was the person to help me . His phone was always on voicemail with the message leave your name and number and I will call you back . I called and called and called ... The guy never called back ! My advice is do n't buy this company 's products unless you need to because customer support falls well short of being acceptable.I later found out I was not alone in my frustrations with this product and the company . What is really unacceptable is how Pentair advertises this product . No where do they even intimate it is unsuitable for roof mounted solar systems.The problem lies in the priming program , which fails to hold the head of water in the solar system when the solar valve opens . Air is let back into the system when the pump slows during the priming cycle and the head of water falls allowing the vacuum release valve to open . This cycle just repeats and repeats until the pump times out or the pool automation shuts down with a water flow error.You would think would be a easy fix , at most a firmware change . Pentair does not seem to care . They obviously know of this problem because my slor company spoke to them . They told my sloar company the VF pump was not recommended for use on solar systems.I have been told that my solution is change out the VF motor drive unit and fit a SVRS-VS pump motor drive unit which has a different priming program with more user defined parameters . Apparently the base motor and impeller housing are common to all three models of this type of pump . The catch , I have to spend another $ 600 for a replacement motor unit.Why not tell potential customers about these limitations to use of the product ?
 Very dissappointed with the quality of this pump . It only lasted 1.5 seasons ... -LRB- Also , in my location , pools are only in use for about 3 months per year . -RRB- For a pump that cost over $ 1,350 delivered and then the extra installation cost ... . I would say it was an extremely unsatisfactory experience . I have been reading reviews on the web and it seems like my problem is not uncommon.The engery savings this pump gave might have covered the extra cost of it , but with only a 1 year warranty you take your chances that the extra $ 800 or more dollars you spend is worth it.I am a bit of a techie , but the menu to run this pump is not very intuitive . You might spend quite a bit of time pulling your hair out trying to figure out what settings you should use.You pays your money , you takes your chances . If it lasts longer than 2 full seasons , then you might have saved enough to cover the extra pump costs . My Hayward pump lasted over 8 yrs , but was not energy efficient ...
 Would never recommend doing business with Savio Engineering . Poor quality products . Absolutely no quality control . And should you receive a defective product like I did , once its in your hands , Savio believes its a warranty issue and you need to fill out the forms and send it back at your expense . Not a responsible manufacturer and they also misrepresent the capabilities of their products , which I believe is intentional . Plan on filing a complaint about their false advertising with the FTC . Avoid at all costs .
 Washer worked normally for about an hour , then the motor started to overheat popping the circuit breaker . After cool down , it would run for a short period before stopping again . Each cooldown produced a shorter and shorter work period before stoppage . Skip this one unless you like a lot of breaks .
 Do not buy this pressure washer . Cheaply made and only lasted about 10 hours . No help from customer service .
 Everytime I would turn this thing on it would blow a fuse in my house!I 've tried it at my home and several others ' homes , and it would stay on 5 minutes tops!I hate it .
 The power to the unit did not work . Would not recommend this unit , spent time putting together and sending back . Amazon great at returning the unit .
 I purchased the Sistema WK3 from Amazon last year . I used it for about ten minutes to see if it worked . It worked poorly and kept shutting down on anything but minimum power . Never the less I figured it should do the small job I intended to use it for . I wanted to wash and stain my deck in spring . I followed the instructions for storage as written in the manual and then put it away until now . It ran for about 10 seconds yesterday and then quit . That is when I found out that information and parts are not available . If you are considering a purchase of a Sistema try searching for yourself before wasting your money . Since the unit is useless as is and no information or parts are available I opened it up to see what was wrong . The motor has an open winding already . I spent my money on garbage and am just giving this review so you might look elsewhere for something that will be of use to you . If you have money to waste buy a Sistema because that is probably what you will be doing , wasting your money .
 The washer arrived but none of the extensions , lances fit into the gun . The washer is refurbished and the lances are old.I have been calling Sistema but no one picks up the phone . There 's no answering machine , the line just drops.I tried sending them a note on their Contact Us page on their website , but the `` Submit '' button does not work !!!!!! Buy at your own peril .
 I was n't expecting top of the line at this price , but this unit is still made quite cheaply and flimsy . Upon first using it I struggled with the motor cutting in and out . I 'd have decent pressure for 2 minutes , then no pressure , then the pressure would kick back-in . This was , as you can imagine , quite frustrating.The process for returning the item to Sistema was also very frustrating . You 're not dealing directly with Amazon here , but rather a `` partner '' who is not as focused on customer service as Amazon .
 The motor runs only occasionally . You usually have to restart it 4-5 times before the pump turns on . It blows the circuit breaker most of the time and you have to keep changing to a different outlet . I would not recommend this washer . I have had it for a year and used it maybe a total of 2 hrs . The pressure regulator knob falls off . The storage reel falls off . The handle is loose and wobbly . The GFI is almost impossible to keep on . You will spend more time trying to get the unit to start then you will spend washing .
 Worked well for a very short time.Now it trips the breaker before it starts cranking out the pressure.Calling the customer service department is not much help . It feels like you 're calling someone 's house . They seem to know very little about the product.The hose connections are drippy.Basically this thing is n't worth your money.Trust me , do n't buy it .
 I am foolish enough to have bought TWO of these . The first did n't work , the hardware store took it back . When the second did not work , I sent it back to the company . Two weeks later I get it back , and they will not pay shipping.I highly DO NOT recomend this product .
 Very poor build quality . I have mine in the garage unused , until I get time to fix the loose capacitor swinging inside the case by it 's wires - the machine was delivered in a potentially dangerous condition with live mains wires exposed inside wet case - at this price , transaction cost to return is too high.Second installment.I fixed the unit today and fired it up - took an hour and a spot or two from a glue gun to seat a large capacitor into it 's case . The hose fitting supplied was European -LRB- not surprising from an Italian manufacturer -RRB- , so it needed a trip to the hardware store to get adapter for my US hose . Wow ! VERY impressed with the power . Despite my earlier misgivings , which still hold , this is a very powerful unit for the price . Used it to clean the car and de-moss the yard today . Much happier . I also needed to call the helpline , as I chose to test the unit with the wrong -LRB- low pressure -RRB- lance - lesson in reading manual . Helpline was very , er , helpful!Bottom line - powerful , cheap but built in Italy -LRB- I own a Ducati OK -RRB- - so , not sutable for your gran.Tell me I am paranoid , but it seems that everything I buy from Amazon just recently is somewhat substandard - is Amazon becomming a dumping ground for reject/returned parts ? We buy from Amazon because we do n't have time to shop . Therefore we do n't have time to return . Go figure . We do , however , have time to complain and write reviews.Clean your act up guys .
 Had this model for a year and I can tell you it is a major piece of crap . This summer I had to take it apart to fix a loose wire . The motor would n't shut off when I let off the handle . I had to put the wire back on that controlled that function with electric tape and a wire tie . Then a week ago went to use it to clean the garage floor it blew the outlet hose off . Called customer service and they were very rude . First rudely told me I ca n't be using it in cold weather . I told them I use it in a heated garage to wash the salt of the truck and floor . Said the threads are stripped . I told them I never took the hose off . I used it since last December . He then raised his voice telling me again the threads are stripped . They told me I would have to ship the unit to them . I am not going to bother . I am just going to junk it . If they were n't so rude I would consider shipping it back to them , but why bother when they act like this .
 I GOT THIS PRODUCT FOR MY HUSBAND FOR FATHER 'S DAY . UNFORTUNATELY HE DID NOT USE IT UNTIL OCTOBER , AND FOUND PIECES MISSING AND THE SUDSING HOSE DOES NOT WORK . $ 165.00 THROWN AWAY WHAT JUNK
 I knew I was in trouble as soon as the package arrived
 Too tall . Hard to assemble . Parts missing . Package arrived already demolished -LRB- that may explain the missing parts ? -RRB- Seat is kind of wobbly . The only thing I like about this scooter is that it can be easily moved from one location to another . Would NOT buy it again nor would I recommend it .
 I ordered this item for a replacement portable gardening seat for my wife . The description of this item , a Garden Scoot , indicates that it is intended for use as a portable seat in the garden . After receiving the Scoot I realized that the seat , in the lowest position , is much to high for use in our garden beds at the ground level . The seat is very much too high to use as a seat for bending over to work plants and pull weeds at the ground level , feels like standing on your head.Although the product is well made and looks to be very strong but it is DEFINATLY NOT A COMFORTABLE SITTING HEIGHT TO WORK PLANTS AND PULL WEEDS AT GROUND LEVEL . The description should be changed to correctly identify the product use and seat height.I contacted the seller and was able to return the Scoot . However the return cost a restocking fee of 15 % and return shipment costs : Restocking 15 % $ 17.50 Return Shipping $ 29.00 Total Costs for Returning $ 66.50 -LRB- The original price of the Scoot was $ 114.00 -RRB-
 Item does not include what is in the picture . This is the bag with wheels and brushes only . Item does not include the body of vacuum . The reviews all say what a great a pool cleaner this is but this is not the actual pool cleaner . In retrospect the &#34; B &#34; in &#34; Pentair R211046 185B Leaf Eater with Wheels and Brushes &#34; must mean bag . The only difference in the below descriptions are the dimensions.Description of &#34; Pentair R211046 185B Leaf Eater with Wheels and Brushes &#34; : Leaf Eater works with a garden hose and standard telepole or automatic pool cleaner hoseIncludes wheels , brushes , mesh bag and except display boxSnap-adapter handleUsed to lift leaves off from the bottom of the poolMeasures 15-1/4 - inch length by 31-inch height by 15-1/4 - inch widthDescription of &#34; Pentair R211046 185 Leaf Eater with Wheels and Brushes &#34; : Leaf Eater works with a garden hose and standard telepole or automatic pool cleaner hoseIncludes wheels , brushes , mesh bag , display boxSnap-adapter handleUsed to lift leaves off from the bottom of the poolMeasures 16-inch length by 19-inch height by 17-inch widthWill try ordering &#34; Pentair R211046 185 Leaf Eater with Wheels and Brushes &#34; .
 I love buck products as they are well made and are known to hold an edge for a long time . Most of my hunting knives are Buck knives so when I felt the need for a good hatchet naturaly Buck was the first brand to come to mind . However some of Buck 's products are now manufactured in China and the quality reflects . The Buck axe I received was made in China and has a terrible edge on it . VERY DULL and doubt it would hold an edge if I cared to invest the time to put one on it . I returned it and will consult with Buck to see if they have any made in the USA . All of my Buck knives are made in the USA and are of exceptional quality .
 The ax appears to be built very strong . The quality of the edge , however , is the worse I have ever seen . A butter knife has a sharper edge . The edge is coated with what appears to be a paint or coating the consistency of hard plastic . When I attempted to sharpen it with a stone , the coating fouled the sharpening stone to the degree of almost ruining the stone . I had to use a bastard file to cut through the coating to the metal and achieve some sort of an edge . Only then could I put an edge on the blade . The ax is totally useless unless the aformentioned process is done . This is ridiculous . There are better axes out there that come ready to use . This is disappointing to see in a Buck product .
 I Brought this on a camping trip new , and was using it for kindling ; when on the first day , with a hard stroke into the wood , the handle snapped . Im very disappointed with the quality of this axe considering Buck makes such good knives . I will be asking amazon for a refund/exchange -LRB- maybe I just got a faulty one .
 I was very dissatisfied with this axe . It is so dull , you ca n't cut butter .
 I read the reviews about people receiving their signs broken , but I figured it would n't be a problem since mine was shipping directly from Amazon and not some third party seller . But I think the problem is with the manufacture.My sign was packed VERY well and even double boxed , there was no noticeable signs of damage via the exterior box . The thing was packed so good it took me about a half hour to fully unpack the thing . It 's hard to explain , but there is a exterior metal ` shield ' that is screwed on the front of the sign , and underneath that is tons of foam padding and even small bits of padding in between the glass on the sign.As I was unpacking , I figured there was no way the sign could be broken , and I was looking forward to testing it out . Sadly as I finally managed to get the top metal shield off I notice two spots on the sign that are just missing a chunk of glass , or more like the tubing was broken off like you would see with a tree branch that broke off . I was n't sure where they were connected to previously , but I was n't about to turn the thing on with open florescent light tubing and possible mercury vapors.After this experience , I think the problems are with the manufacturers -LRB- or whoever supplies to Amazon -RRB- packing these and not being very careful . Because there is no way the sign could have been damaged in shipping .
 I was so disappointed when we received our sign and saw that the neon tube was broken right in the middle of the sign . I was even more disappointed when I learned that I would only be able to get a refund and no replacement . I received notification that there were no more in stock .
 I ordered this product and it arrived broken from UPS . I sent it back , reordered another one , and it arrived broken . I asked for a refund which I received . Overall , a bad experience .
 The sign was great looking in the advert . However , it was probably too fragile for shipping . We sent back the first two that were shipped due to broken glass.The shipper needs to do a better job of packing and marking the outside fragile might be a help .
 I bought two bonsai trees from this company thinking I could handle them . I 'm usually quite good at working with plants but the two trees this company sent me were determined to die . I followed directions to the letter and was still unable to make them work . Save your cash and look elsewhere .
 I was dissapointed with the seeds , I planted half of the packet in by the current feverfew plant to expand the site and the rest in miracle gro starter and nothing happened despite my watering .
 This purchase was a disappointment . Although we followed all the instructions the leaves all fell off in a short time . The plant died shortly after that . Would not purchase this product again .
 can i get my money and postage back ... . not what i expected ... . the 12L does not match the few 12L I have already so I wonder if you all really sent me the right size . It would cost me more to send back than the screws are worth but if you want to refund my money go ahead .
 The head on these shovels is not strong and will bend before the handle breaks if used for any serious digging . I feel that the description offered is misleading in that it does n't indicate that these shovels are imported ; and that the shovel head is `` tempered '' , but apparently not to the strength level of a truly `` tempered '' shovel head that is stamped as such . Buy these shovels for digging soft/loose material only or you will be disappointed .
 This product is something of a disappointment . I bought it to use as a clock radio , but ended up keeping it because of the weather station functions.The radio has very poor sensitivity , with none of the local FM stations receivable at full quieting.The clock works as advertised , and sets itself to WWVB.The temperature , humidity and barometer displays also work well .
 Buyer beware ! This item is junk with a cheesy am/fm radio that hardly works and a power supply that keeps falling out . It is not a `` full weather '' station by any stretch of the imagination . The moon phases does not work , period.The typical protective decal that comes over the front of this features a date of 2003 . This is obviously ancient stock that no one else wanted . I question the 80 % savings over its last actually going price.Move on to another product .
 This will work for a while and the price is low . Good temporary item.If you have any plans of using it frequently or for more than a year get an all brass one . The plastic valve handle parts will break . Mine all have .
 When most people talk of hoses or connectors , dimensions are usually the interior diameter of the hose or connector . I thought I was ordering inch connectors . Instead , I got what looked like 3/8 inch openings . Totally opposite of what I wanted . Come on guys , get your dimensions together . Thumbs down .
 This is a very picturesque alligator head that floats in our swimming pool , providing a bit of a topic for conversation . Unfortunately , it has had absolutely no effect upon wild ducks that fly into our swimming pool , swim around , and fill it with their excrement . I believe that our pool water must have wonderful laxative properties for ducks . We have tried every conceivable measure , including
 Buy this product only if you want it for decoration . We had a green heron use the alligator head for a perch to better look for our fish . We installed a net over the pond and that stopped the heron . This product is a waste of money .
 Purchased the gator guard to keep a blue heron out of my recently stocked small farm pond . It worked great for 2 days , but then the heron returned , and is not afraid of the gator . Also seems over priced .
 I got the alligator 2 days ago to keep ducks and geese off of my dock , where they tend to like to flock and leave a mess . The alligator is difficult to assemble and it has an open bottom so it can sink if it fills with water . I floated the alligator right next to the dock and in the morning there were 6 ducks lying on the dock totally un-phased . I scared the ducks away and re-positioned the alligator . This morning I had a large flock of geese on the dock and on the nearby shore . A floating plastic alligator head did not scare them either .
 This item does NOT work with herons who invade koi ponds . It made absolutely no difference . The heron still visits our pond daily and eats out Koi and other pond fish . How disappointing ! It does n't even deserve a one star!Bird - X GG Gator Guard Floating Alligator Head
 The bird feeder sent to me did not match the picture , not even close , and I had to return it to Grady 's Ace Hardware for a refund . The return process was a little slow but the person I contacted was pleasant and helpful . They also provided for and paid for the pickup by UPS so it did n't cost me anything . Based on this I would recommend making purchases from Grady 's Ace Hardware but also suggest paying closer attention to making sure the pictures match the descriptions , unlike what I did .
 I bought two of the item that is shown at the right of this page . That is not what was delivered . They had to issue a return label for it . You should update your web pages to show the correct picture . As I can see , it is still not fixed.I am very dissatisfied with this particular purchase , and I do not see my refund yet either .
 i got the electric Power Glide , so i do n't even have the troubles of a dead battery . . the thing is a piece of junk ... first time review ever . . but i had to tell , this is just not a good piece of equipment . .
 Bought two of these a year ago -LRB- almost to the day of this review -RRB- . One of still working great . The other one has failed . It 's not a communication problem , and I can not figure out what is broken . Batteries are fine , and the transmitter is &#60; 20 ft from the receiver , so communication is fine . The receiver seems to be unresponsive to any of the buttons.The worst part is that it failed in the &#34; Raining &#34; mode - which means I did n't figure it out until my grass started turning green from no watering ... When the unit fails , it should never fail in the Rain mode - ever . That is just stupid design.I am going to swap out for a wired version that is 1/3 the price .
 Purchsed This Toro Wireless rain Sensor in 2009 . Worked well in summer of 2009 , 2010 , and 2011 . This summer 2012 , it stopped working . Power light indicates power going through the unit . If discs are water saturated the Red light comes on the sprinkler system is shut off and never goes back on , even when the discs are totally dry . Disconnecting the unit or sensor from power for few minutes and then recoonected the red light goes off . Pushing down on the Microswitch turns on the red light and remains on for days , and sprinkler is shut off . Then unplug the unit and back again to same problem . Contacted Toro and belwo are the suggestions : Retail product defer for Res/Com slightly.Receivers that are may be available from Distributors may not work with your Retail unit .53770 ? The unit may be able to reset however?Have you tried to increase the rain level to '' ? The micro switch may also be stuck . Try to tap the sensor with a screw driver.Replace the batteries.Unplug the 24 volts from the receiver?None of these suggestions worked . Email again and so far no response . It is expensive to buy a product that works only three seasons . I will never buy Toro products anymore . Poor quality and customer care .
 I continue to put bird seed in this thing , but squirrels in my area are smart and I think they eat more seed than the birds . They have no trouble getting on it , they simply remove the lid and throw it to the ground to get the seed out of the top and when the seed is too low to reach from the top they swing on it to get the seed to fall . I wish I had n't spent the money on this one .
 Sticks to the door great but when you go to take it off it can take the paint off the door as well ! There should be a warning label on them !
 I bought this rake on a Saturday . Used it 4x from Sunday to the next Saturday and the blade just broke off the handle completely . The instructions for assembly were lousy - hard to read illustrations that did n't tell you if you were right or wrong . I 'm sure poor assembly contributed to this rake 's short life in my hands . Try written instructions in the future . My new roof rake is 100 % aluminum , no plastic . I 'm sure it will last the remainder of this record breaking -LRB- for me -RRB- season and beyond .
 After 10 min it broke.I went to return it to the local store , and the lady there even told me `` did it break here ? '' , which was a hard rubber connector to the head , and I said yes . Easiest return ever . They said they had so many break .
 The product was hard to put together . There is a square nut that goes into the base of the handle to hold the bolt which was very hard to get lined up properly . Also , the assembly directions were practically non-existent , and I ended up with two extra pieces that I had no idea what to do with . It was nearly impossible to get all the bolts tightened properly because of the way that the thing is assembled . Predictably , we lost pieces by the end of the first use.I would n't buy this product again .
 This has been a good tool , until my teenage grandson over worked it . Searching for a replacement blade which is tauted as available , I found only Garant site stating replacement parts not available to residents of the United States . They should at least set something up with Amazon or other U.S. distributor .
 The label says 1 lb , what I received weighed 1/2 lb - not a great start . I love the smell of eucalyptus , enfortunately this product has virtually no smell . I wanted to use it as pot pouri , but it 's useless for that . Might be good for something , but I do n't know what it would be !
 My bench was delivered without much of the hardware , which made it impossible to put together . While the customer service department was very nice , they repeatedly sent me the wrong pieces . After 5 or 6 times , they finally sent me A BRAND NEW BENCH for free ... with NO HARDWARE !!! The quality is ok ... nothing great .
 Other reviews state that the packaging could be better , that is an under statement . Mine arrived Christmas Eve with the wooden parts broken and scratched . I still have not received the replacement . So much for a Christmas present .
 I ordered this a week ago , it arrived today , the wood is damaged and it is missing essential hardware . I was instructed by the UPS person delivering this to me to immediately notify Amazon.com and UPS . I have notified each , and have been informed that this will be rectified somehow , not really informed eactly how it will be rectified . I suspect this is the fault of the manufacturer . Anyhow , I would warn you it is best not to order this item if this is how the manufacturer delivers it 's product .
 How could cast iron break ? One of the side pieces , supposedly made of cast iron , has a piece broken out where a bolt needs to be placed . I 'm going to try Gorilla Glue to reinsert the broken piece . Also , two support strutswere missing . I 'll have to ask the company to send me the missing struts . I hope that they have good customer service ! I have n't been able to reach them , as they are either closed for the weekend or closed for the holidays .
 i have to still recieve my bench ordered almost three weeks ago .
 Despite several calls to the 1-800 Number listed on the Manufacturers box , the customer service representative would never return my calls for help . The item arrived without the instructions and the obvious back support for the back part of the bench which is clearly shown on every picture Amazon offers . A lack on instructions would normally not be such a big thing but the placement of the narrow slats is important for the spacing to fit properly . Amazon has responded that they will help with this company but nothing has occured as yet .
 I ordered one of the classic benches and when it arrived the box was all torn apart and it had a broken leg and no bolts to put it together . This is not an easy item to ship UPS . I had to pack it up again and ship it back to Amazon -LRB- at amazon 's cost -RRB- .
 Do n't buy it . It was damaged when it arrived . Packing was all torn and busted up . The back wood on the bench was cracked and broken . One of the bench seat boards was missing . The bolts are cheap and snapped off when tightened . Buy at your own risk .
 -LSB- How bad -RSB- ! It was sent in a box that was clearly not design for this bench . The box was n't even sealed . The pieces were badly scratched and the screws/bolts were missing ...
 Love the picture of this plant but received in poor condition . The stem was broken and the flower was dead . Still trying to nurse it to life with very little success .
 Thought this would be a real go getter but when I got it and unfolded it , it was just cheap junk . It might 've lasted one season of cooking . If that 's all you 're looking for for $ 30.00 there are much cheaper alternatives . Sent it back with no problems .
 You 're reading this because you 're looking for the bad stuff the ad copy does n't tell you . OK , here goes . But I 'll tell you up front that I 've decided to keep the grill despite its problems . The grill arrived via UPS in a carton that was bashed and half-opened . The package inside had bent tabs and looked like this might have been its second or third trip to a customer . The sides of the grill were bent so badly that it was n't possible to remove the gratings for assembly . BUT ... I ordered this grill because it is wonderfully collapsible and perfect for our small motor home where storage is at a premium . So I spent 30 minutes carefully bending the grill and gratings back into shape , using a smooth-jawed slip wrench where necessary . After it was finally assembled I found the grill to be rock solid . It 's no Weber , but it 's perfect for occasional use on a camping trip . Somewhere between the factory and the buyer this grill got beat all to hell , but I blame the poor packaging rather than the product . So it 's a 3 star .
 We were excited to get our new grill as it was the right size for us to carry around with us as we love grilling . But it was a disappointment . The unit that we received was broken . I guess it was because the unit was pretty flimsy . The joints did not look well made . We had to return it the very next day itself . Amazon as always has done a great job at customer service . We had no problems with returning this product .
 1 -RRB- Without a lid it makes it tough to cook food properly ; 2 -RRB- The grill has gaps at the base which allow for heat loss , and trying to seal them with foil is impossible ; 3 -RRB- no lip around the grill to keep hotdogs from sliding off the grate ; 4 -RRB- disposing the coals is a messy hassle . All this means that I would n't buy this grill again .
 I bought this grill because my son wanted to try charcoal grilling . We already owned a big propane grill . The grill itself was a nice concept . It even came with a carrying bag . The cooking area was very large for a small grill . I was really pleased at first . We made several delicious dinners and we really loved the taste of the charcoal grilled food . The grill started warping after the 3rd use and the cooking grate would n't fit on the grill anymore . We had to lay it sideways over the coals . After 5 uses , the whole grill fell apart.It 's very thin and not very durable at all . I suppose it would be a good purchase for someone who wanted a cheap grill to take on a camping trip , but do n't expect it to last very long.After this grill broke , I bought a portable Weber Smokey Joe Gold Charcoal Grill and it 's been wonderful . It 's lasted through 37 dinners and is still going strong for next year . I would n't recommend buying a Bayou Classic Fold and Go Portable Grill unless you plan on using it just a few times . Pay a little extra and go for the Weber portables .
 Yes you can cook on it , but it 's thin metal and should have spent more and gotten a real portable Bar-B-Que .
 Typical cheap made in China fair . Had to repair out of the box . One side hinge was separated at spot welfare .
 I have now purchased two on these poles . I thought my first one might have been a fluke for not working past 3 uses so I ordered another . This time the pole only held the flag for 3-4 blocks before settling to it 's down position . The rider behind me said that it just slide down and that was it . It will not stay in it 's extended position with a flag attached .
 This is my initial impression of the grow light system
 The primary problem is that the unit is flimsy . It leans in one direction or another , and is not stable . The string used to adjust the lamp reminds me of having those frustrating window shades that never work right . If I had it to do over again , I would get the cheaper flourescent lamp with metal chains for adjustment .
 The balast has gone out on one of my lights ?? I bought a replacement tube but it still does n't work . I was told I need to go to a lighting repair store to have it looked into . I 'm afraid it will cost more than it 's worth . Also the unit has ALWAYS wobbled on its feet.Otherwise , it 's a great idea .
 I 'm an avid indoor & outdoor gardener and seedstarter.I really regret buying this lighting system . It is flimsy , required serious adjustment to get it to fit together , and difficult to raise & lower the light . Overall , extremely poor quality.I only used it for 1 season and then bit the bullet and bought a more sturdy system with 3 bulbs instead of just 2 . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This is without a doubt the worst thing I 've ever bought from Amazon . The frame is `` redesigned '' with these plastic quick connectors that are supposed to make assemble a breeze . There is one major problem with that . They are JUNK ! The connectors either snapped when you tried to put them together or they wont seat properly in the holes and then you ca n't get the legs/feet the whole way together . Then you ca n't get the connectors back out . I 'm not sure how the old design went together , but these connectors are way to flimsy to hold everything together . I 'm in the process of sending this back for a refund . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 First the instructions were not good . I had to go to Hydrofarm website to see the parts and match them with the instructions . When my husband finally got it together , the plug would not stay in the light . If he pressed it in and held it , the light would come one , once he let go the light went off . We finally got it to work and have decided to keep it . I hope I wo n't be sorry .
 This is obviously a previously opened item which has been resealed with packing tape and it includes only one loose screw and one washer loose in the box with all other assembly hardware missing .
 First one had broken piece , extention is extra , quality could be better . Hydrofarm must be cutting corners and cheap China crap now.UPDATE Another leg plastic conector broke . Poor quality plastic , Hemp is better including for the ropes !
 After less than a month of use the light bulb has already burned out . And , I am having a hard time finding it locally so if I have to order I am out of a light until its sent . Also , they are very costly . For the price they should last longer than 3-4 weeks . I kept it on about 10 hrs a day .
 When this was delivered by UPS it was broken . You could hear the glass tinkleing in the box . I sent it back without opening . It is not packaged properly for shipment ... maybe if you bought one in store it would be OK , but i would not take a chance .
 I bought the light to give my seedlings light until the weather was warm enough to plant outside . When I originally received the product , the quality appeared to be high . The stand for the light was slim but felt sturdy and you are able to adjust the height of the light . However , looks are deceiving . This product is a waste of space , money , and will turn into a money pit ! I used the light for five days before it stopped working . When it did work , my seedlings received in between ten to twelve hours of light . In all , the light was used in between 50 to 60 hours . On the box , the bulb is a `` T-5 Tube rated 20,000 hour life . '' Completely unacceptable and false advertisement ! When I received the product from Amazon , it sat in my garage for a few weeks as I collected different seeds I wanted to grow for the season . By the time the light stopped working , it was past the 30 day period to return the product back to Amazon -LRB- by one day mind you -RRB- . When I attempted to contact Hydrofarm , no luck ! I even researched buying replacement bulbs for the light . Not only are the bulbs expensive but Hydrofarm falsely advertises on those products as well . If you read the reviews for the replacement bulbs , multiple customers wrote poor reviews because they purchased a product containing four replacement bulbs but only received one . I do not fault Amazon for the poor purchase I made . I believe Hydrofarm is a shady company and I will never even consider purchasing a product made by them again .
 Well I was vert excited when this product arrived at my front door . I was planning on using it to jump start my tomatoes and other vegatables . The assembly of this product was fairly straight forward . I put the bulb in and flipped the switch and the bulb came to life . After a about ten seconds the light died . I went and purchased a new bulb but that did n't solve anything . I guess the unit is fried or something . I never even got to put this over my plants and now I have to go through the hassle of sending it back .
 First time the electricity went out we thought the bulb had blown . After ordering expensive replacement bulbs we found out the light itself was burnt out . so now we are out the light and have 5 expensive bulbs we ca n't use .
 This arrived missing both of the 18 '' foot pieces so I could not assemble it . According to Amazon , they can not replace the item for me . What a huge disappointment , as I was planning to start my seedlings today !
 I gave this item a four-star review last year immediately after I purchased it , but am editing now that I know what I 'm doing.The item itself arrived in good shape . Assembly should have been easy , but the hole for the screw on one of the legs was cross-threaded and could not be assembled . Returning it was n't an option as I had seedlings that needed light immediately , so I had to buy a $ 5 kit at Home Depot that allowed me to re-thread the hole to fit . After that , I had to screw it together with a power screwdriver to tighten it all the way . Seems that others have had problems with the assembly so this is something I would take seriously and would caution you to order it well in advance so that you can return it in case of problems.I used this system last year and liked it , but found that the light was extremely inadequate . The fixture is very narrow and only illuminates about 3-5 inches of space directly under the fixture . This means that , if you place your flats the long way , only half of the plants will receive adequate light . This year I will be replacing this system with a home-built frame of PVC to suspend two 2-bulb shop lights . I did quite like the setup they have to raise and lower the light so I will copy that by drilling holes in the PVC and using a cord clamp to lock it in place . The total cost of my DIY system is about $ 10 less than I payed for the Hydrofarm setup , takes up the same amount of space and will allow me to grow four flats side-by-side with adequate light . I could probably sell my Hyrdofarm setup and break even .
 No trouble to assemble , seems sturdy , and the system for raising and lowering the light fixture works well . I can not , however , get the light to come on . It will occasionally flash when I switch it on , but no steady light . I have emailed Hydrofarms to see if they can advise as to whether this signals a defective bulb or whether there might be something else wrong . I hope they can help ! I will revisit this review after I hear from Hydrofarm.UPDATE
 I bought this light a bit more than a year and a half ago . I 've been using it to grow my plants in the winter and it works well . In regards to some people only getting one bulb or whatnot , I 'm not sure why . Maybe they received an `` updated '' model ? I purchased mine from the manufacturer though . My lamp contained 2 bulbs and used 2 bulbs . I think everyone would agree on the flimsy design , but what I 'm more frustrated with is that my lamp unexpectedly died . I 'm not sure what went wrong with it , but it is past the warranty and I must look for another . There is no conceivable way to fix it cheaply -LRB- I tried changing both bulbs and pulled the lamp apart to see what I could do -RRB- . There is no starter to be replaced as on many fluorescent lamps . If I had known it would not be a long term investment , I would n't have bought it .
 This was recommended by someone who 's blog I follow , so I bought it . I assembled it last night and the rubber ends do not slide into the metal openings easily . I tried pushing them in , but no luck . I ended up breaking off one half of one of the T stands when trying to push the rubber end into the metal opening and injuring myself in the process . Had to use a hammer to get all the rubber ends into the metal openings , which left dents in the metal.It 's not very sturdy either and the one I received does not look like the picture shown . The light fixture portion I received is not green on the outside , it 's silver . It looks like the light is hanging from wires in the picture , but mine is hanging from plastic cording . Not happy with this at all and is definitely not worth the cost I paid .
 I never got to see if this worked because it the light bulb was broken when it arrived .
 This stopped working after 1 day and now we have to go through the hassle of returning it - complete bs .
 When my box arrived , both ends of it were ripped open , and it only had to be shipped from PA to NYy . Upon taking it out of the package , we found that the light was BROKEN . Our package said `` other pieces are being shipped seperately '' , but there 's no way to see exactly what the items are . Pieces were missing so we could n't even put it together . . if the light worked . The item is very misleading . We are definitely NOT happy about this product and the way that it arrived at our doorstep . BEWARE if you 're going to order .
 Having just received this today , I understand why there are such contradictory reviews
 while the light itself works just fine the frame was impossible to assemble . The hardware included did not work . I had to improvise and make new legs for the vertical bars to stand in . When I was trying to assemble this it became evident that whoever made this did not give a damn about the quality .
 It 's an ok lighting system . -LRB- It 's not actually as flimsy as I anticipated after reading several other reviews . -RRB- However , they say it includes `` 2 agrobrite light tubes '' . It only comes with ONE . And , the light fixture only holds one bulb , so the seedlings I 'm growing all tend to bend towards the center reaching for the one bulb . I feel a bit ripped off - there should have at least been a second replacement tube in the box .
 While this grow light is advertised with 72-cell seed starting trays , it is much too narrow to work well . The single bulb reflector is only 3 1/2 inches wide so does n't cover the ten inch width of a 72 cell seed starting tray . The 72 cell tray is six cells wide but the light only adequately covers three cells . The result is that the outside seedlings are leaning over to the center , trying to get enough light . They are spindly as a result . Do n't buy this light if using 72 cell trays , but buy a wider light .
 I am very disappointed in this item . I put it together , expecting to be able to use it today , and it wo n't turn on ! I have double and triple checked to make sure the bulb is in right , and tried several different outlets . I sent an email to the company and I am waiting to hear back from them .
 My husband and I were trying to put this grow light system together , but within minutes one of the two-way plastic quick connectors broke when my husband gave it a few taps with his hand to get it into the upright legs . Everything else is metal , but the plastic connector is just too flimsy . I am disappointed , since I already have plants that need the grow light stand now . I can not figure out any way on the Amazon website to get a replacement connector , since the grow light system is useless without it . Still , I do n't want to pay the postage to send this back . I HOPE THAT SOMEONE AT AMAZON WILL PLEASE TELL ME HOW I CAN GET A REPLACEMENT CONNECTOR !!
 Sounds like a great product . The stand is fine , the setup is fine , but it does n't work . I ordered 1 and the lamp would not turn on . I ordered a second , the light goes on and immediately turns off . I play with the switch , and the plug , I can only get the light to flicker on and immediately go off . I contacted HYDROFARM 3 times , twice by email , once by phone and no one will return my call .
 this item is nicely designed . sturdy enough for the money . assembled easily . light is bright . turned off light . WOULD NOT TURN BACK ON ! PROBABLY THE SWITCH . will send it back for a refund , thankfully amazon has a good policy . Hydrofarm products used to be very good . This is the second HF product I have ordered recently that was defective on arrival . what gives ? This item was MADE IN CHINA and shipped in a very bright not stealth box .
 This is a good idea but the assembly instructions were a joke and that was even if I had received all of the pieces . There are so many better ways to attach the legs to the frame so I just rigged my own up .
 Good price , solid construction for the supporting metal frame . Well-packaged , quick-shipment . Unfortunately , the T5 grow-light arrived dead . Looks fine , bulb and wiring etc. all look look nice and shiny and new , yet the light does n't turn on . If this was a local purchase I 'd be returning it , but not so easy when it 's a Amazon shipment -LRB- and the box is pretty much destroyed in the unpacking . -RRB- So a word to the wise , fellow-gardening Amazoner 's : A -RRB- Check that the light works immediately ; andB -RRB- treat the shipping box carefully -LRB- so you can use it to ship back if your light is defective . -RRB- If the light worked , I 'd be giving it a 4 to 5 rating . It does n't , so 2 it is -LRB- and not a 1 due to the nicely designed frame which I can use for another 48 '' grow-light fixture . -RRB- ... I wish I had checked out the local gardening center for their offerings before purchasing this.Addendum : After some cutting and splicing , I found the problem ~ a faulty solder job -LRB- wire disconnected from the ballast/board , which itself is hidden in the main shaft above the light itself -RRB- . It 's fixable with a soldering gun , but an annoyance , and I had to cut a lot of wires to figure this out -LRB- and all those wires will need to be respliced . A bigger annoyance . -RRB-
 The light came with the bulb cracked on one end . It still worked but you only have so much time to grow vegetable seedlings and i thought the bulb would not work very long so I called amazon about it and they said to order another light and take the bulb out and return the second light.Well the bulb was broken in many pieces in the second light.So I called amazon again and asked just to send me a replacement bulb only . Amazon told me they could not just send a bulb . It was very frustrating.so I sort of just gave up.the light itself seems to work well but when that cracked bulb stops working I am kind of screwed .
 I was very disappointed in this item . The rings which come on the hanging cords in no way fit to the attachments that are clipped to the light fixture . And no directions as to how they were supposed to fit . Was going to work around this problem somehow but when I went to try out the location for my new light fixture , the hanging cord tore off . No way to fix that . This thing is going back . My curiosity is satisfied .
 I always have great luck with bird seed bells . I put a ribbon on them and throw them up in the tree . This bell has been hanging perfectly in my tree for over a week . No one has touched it . The weather has been perfect and the birds have been making tons of noise out there . So what gives ? Why do n't they like this ?
 Buy directly from the Botanical Interests site . You are not getting free shipping through amazon - the seller marks up 300 % . Note the price on the seed packet !!! I bought 6 seed packets directly from Botanical Interests and paid just over $ 3 shipping in total .
 I prefer the vertical smokers like this one , for its capacity . also on the plus side
 I 'm not sure what the other reviewers were using but it was not the so called Brush Cutter being sold!This thing is a joke at best , yeah it 'll cut branches if you swing like your life depends on it . .1 . It 's light and flemsy .2 . It 's too small to be categorized as a REAL brush clearing tool . . -LRB- it 's shorter than my softball bat -RRB- 3 . I have machetes that will do a better job and are the same length.Look else where for a brush clearing tool .
 This is not a real transfer switch . Instead it gangs ordinary breakers with a metal bar . When I tested it the bar slipped and the generator was left BACKFEEDING into the utility - that kills linemen and burns down houses .
 The sprayer arrived double boxed in a couple of days . I unpacked it and it appeared to be fine so I put it in my shed . When I went to use it a month later I discovered the control handle & nozzle were defective because it WILL NOT shut off . Chemicals all over the place and all over me.Naturally my 30-day return period had passed and I coul n't be more pissed off with Hudson . Piece of crap right out of the box!Thaks
 I am so upset with this spray . I had to shut the water off and reattach the peice that connects the hose to the bottle about 10 different times . A couple times the top peice that covers the water sprayer popped off . The last time that the connector peice popped off the cover peice popped off as well and it came flying back into me and the top of the sprayer cut my hand . I have never been so disappointed and upset by a product in my hole life .
 Yes , I read all the instructions . I pushed in the little button to make the chemical flow . It worked great as I held it by the hose and by the bottle making sweeping gentle motions . The problem is that the bottle pressure fitting comes off . Once it comes off , it is over . Putting it back on , it remains loose and will either work for a 30 sec period of time , spray you in the face , or just pop off . Garbage product , Avoid .
 I purchased the Bayer Insect Killer for a bush that had beatles on it . I read the instructions . I set the pin in the right direction , attached my garden hose and upon turning on the faucet the water pressure -LRB- which is n't very high -RRB- blew the hose off of the sprayer with the exception of a blue ring that is the female attachment . For some dumb reason they designed this product with two pieces that work as what I can only figure as a compression coupling but not really . The second you try to tighten the hose end into this female fitting the female end from the sprayer pops right off . I agree with the others who have said the product then just gets all over you . I had it all over my clothes , skin and it even got in my eye which turned red and I immediately needed to shower . This is the dumbest set up that I have ever seen for a product . I bought it because there is a mail in rebate that cuts the price of the product in half compared to the others that were at the store . I guess that is why they are giving us a rebate on it . They know it has a poor design and is causing people all kinds of issues . As for the product , I do n't know if it works yet . Do n't buy this product in this sprayer . You will be sorry you did when you have inesct killer all over you .
 Ca n't believe I bought it and a refill bottle . Same story ... . hose popped off till I gave up . NEVER AGAIN !!!! Ca n't find a complaint email address and I 'm sure not gon na call a phone # to Lord knows where or send a letter . As others ... . label SOAKED along with ME.NEVER ... NEVER !!!!!!! Do n't BUY IT , You 'll regret it .
 I purchased four bottles of this stuff . I 'm angry , to say the least . The nozzle just does n't work . It sprays water but not insect killer . Then it comes off . I finally transferred the product to an Ortho Max container . Time will tell if the bug killer itself kills any bugs . I would not waist my time with this product again .
 I found the hose attachment and sprayer design to be very poorly made and subject to easy breakage.Bayer does make good and effective chemicals but this product is just about worthless .
 I do n't know yet how well this product works but using the Ready-to-Spray bottle will get more insect killer on you than the lawn . The female hose adapter leaks at both ends . Changing out the washer or adding a second one does not help . As a matter of fact , tightening the hose connection will just make it eventually pop off . I poured the contents into an Ortho lawn sprayer to get the job done . This cheap bottle only pollutes the environment ; they should quit making them.tds
 As another reviewer noted , the spraying mechanism is absolutely worthless . It took me well over an hour to spray most of my tiny yard . -LRB- I say most because I just gave up . -RRB- The hose attachment popped off no less than 12 times . It can not be reconnected while water is flowing , so be prepared to walk back to the faucet over and over and over again . The sharp plastic drew blood from my wet , poison covered hands at least twice while I struggled to pop it back on . The adjustment mechanism and spray shield both broke midway through use . After becoming frustrated , I once forgot to fully close the flow valve while walking back to the faucet - queue a face-full of insecticide . Since the warning labels were soaking wet , I could n't even read how dangerous the chemicals were . I decided to take a `` cold shower '' in the yard to dilute what was on my skin . After all , there was n't much dry clothing left on my anyways .
 Had 1 last year it lasted 6 months , Intex want sell part 's . All I needed is the power supply . Bought another went out in a month the company that sold would n't acknowage me . Found out it was older then my other model . power supply would not work on other one ! Bought a Smartpool chlorainator no problems after 2 months and fits to side of the pool with no hoses .
 I bought this item for the pool I purchased last year but when setting it up , it had a leak so I no longer needed the saltwater system . I contacted the seller to get a return authorization response within the 30 day window . They never responded until I filed an amazon claim . Then they finally responded and were not helpful and never emailed me back after my 2nd reply . I have filed another amazon claim and will update later . They are not good about responding to customer problems , etc so hopefully if you buy the product it works well because dealing with this seller is a hassle .
 I am returning it to the store . The green light was on as I ran it all night for 3 consecutive days . I finally had to give up on the machine and add treat the water myself .
 Hello : Quite simply this product do n't work . New out of the box or may last one day . I had three of them in six months from the factory and the last time they just ignore my phone calls . It would n't even take care of a 10k pool . I would n't give this one star but I have to to post this .
 I bought this Item from 7th Avenue , and it shipped and arrived very quickly , I was very happy with that part of the order , However , once I opened the unit and plugged it in , It was dead , I thought I must not of plugged it all the way in so went back to chk and it was really dead-no power at all to the unit , this was on a saturday so I had to wait until monday to call them , when I called them first thing monday they would not take back the defective unit and all they said they could do is offer my a phone # to Intex , so they could possibly send me out a new unit . I dont want a new unit I just want my money back , and these people could not understand why they should have to return my money when they shipped me the product and it was broken/defective upon arrival ... I would not buy from this company again ... I think they do not have any concern for their customers or they would of tried or offerd something other than I am sorry all I can do is give you Intexs phone # and you will just be out the money for a non working salt water filtration system ! Save your money and your time and just buy elsewhere , with policies like this , Why would you want to buy from them if you get a defective piece of merchandise they dont seem to care ... You would think they would make it right but that is not the case!New Saltwater Pool System Deluxe Chlorine Generator Intex Model 56601E
 I bought this unit and added 200 lbs of salt to a 7000 gallon pool after 2 weeks of use the low salt light came on and the unit stopped producing chlorine . I tested the water for salt and it still had 4500 ppm in the pool which is plenty for the unit to continue operating if it worked like it was suppose to.I would have rather bought a sand filter pump system with the money instead of this . Now I am switching back to regular chlorine for the pool . Do n't waste your money on this and buy something else .
 I have no idea if this thing works or not , because it will not stop gushing water out of the intake hose . I have spent six hours trying every conceivable way to connect the hose and place the O-rings to prevent the water leakage , starting of course with the directions in the manual . It 's going back - hello standard chlorine system!Note
 We puchased the Intex Saltwater pump about ten months ago along with the 9x18ft pool and have been battling keeping the pool balanced on pH , copper ions , etc. . The generator is cleaned often as recommended . We have had to add muriatic acid at least once a week and still not knocking down the pH , along with copper binders to remove the Cu . The pool has a large covered gazebo so that the kids never have to put suntan lotion on , and rain does not get into the pool and change the pH. Intex support does not help and the local three pool stores has no idea how to help other than `` keep adding chemicals '' . I am going to try adding a higher hp pump in order to more thoroughly keep the pool mixed and not have stratified layers -LRB- tests taken in to have professionally analyzed fluctuate from all over the spectrum even when nothing is doen between two samples a couple of days apart -RRB- . Good part is water is clear !
 I ordered the Saltwater Sytem back in 2008 as I was impressed with the engineering of that system and did n't want to bother with chemicals . The first one I received for $ 300 did not work and I was promptly sent a new one . This year my system stopped working again and the customer service team was not very helpful . My warranty was out of date by 2 weeks when I initially called but that was based on the purchase of the 1st unit . My `` fix '' that was recommended did not work so I tried to combine the two units into one usable one . Low and behold the engineering accomplishment ended with the concept . This unit is not servicable with fine-threaded screws into plastic that do not come out . You can not buy individual parts either and this unit should last longer than 2 years with it being priced at $ 300 . I know they manufacture it and assemble it for much less since it can be replaced `` free '' for 2 years . It 's sad that they do n't support this unit better . Through holes with nylock nuts on one side of the bolts would hold it together just as well , but also make it servicable ! Intex embarasses the engineer that designed this system by not assembling it better for the consumers ! Shame on you !
 i purchased this system less than one year ago . the system would not work a few months after purchased , so i contacted the seller . they suggested a remedy for the system which also did not work . i recontacted the seller numerous times still in the warranty time period with no response . i would not recommend this seller for any transactions , they do not stand behind there items .
 Unfortunately , I have not had good service from my Intex chlorinator . I purchased it in the summer of 2009 . The first one I had worked for about ' a month . During that month , it worked fine . The power supply went out -LRB- I 'm assuming - the unit would intermittently go off and not come back on -RRB- . After Intex replaced the first unit , the second unit worked great for the rest of that season.We moved during the summer of 2010 , so the unit remained in storage for that season . I recently set up our pool -LRB- Intex Easy Set 18 ` x4 ' -RRB- and the chlorinator is doing the same thing the first unit did . Again , I think the power supply is at fault . I got 3 months of use out of this $ 200 unit . This is completely unacceptable . It is more economical to buy chemicals at this point . I do n't want to do that , but I also do n't want to have to buy this unit every year . I ca n't afford to do this . To top it off , my daughter has severe eczema , and the saltwater was much more gentle on her skin . It seemed too good to be true . I guess it was .
 Nothing but problems !! We have replaced the salt cell on this thing twice under warranty !! We have had the Intex Pool now for 2 years . Now it is no longer under warranty and we have to buy a whole new saltwater system since it is cheaper than buying just the cell . HOPE I CAN FIND ANOTHER BRAND THAT WORKS WITH MY INTEX POOL !!
 I bought this based on all the info I got from Intex - low maintenance , easy to use , etc. . I have hooked this thing up , followed all the instructions and it still gives me the ` low flow code ' 90 . The seller wont take this item back because thier policy is ` unopened ' and ` unused ' for returns , so now I am out $ 190 -LRB- includes the shipping -RRB- on an item that does n't work ! This thing is real sensitive to anything like low flow or even the smallest amount of air in your hoses .
 There have been several postings on the web on problems with these units getting a low salt code error which has also just happened to mine after only 5 months of use . Intex sent me a replacement under warranty , but I do not have high hopes that it will last . I would recommend you look for an alternate brand chlorine generator .
 I have bought two of these . After one year I started getting a low salt indicator . I cleaned it with viniger and no help . I decided I would see about getting it fixed but decided to buy a second one so I could have one that worked at all times . I hooked the second one up and went out two days later to check the chlorine level and there was none . So I pushed the boost button and went around cleaning the pool . when I went back by the unit it was smoking . I have gone back to a chlorine floater .
 I had 2 of these feeders before and the hummingbirds love them . I ordered 2 more and they leaked for the cost , and having to pkg it was not worth returning them so they were discarded . The company may want to use better quality control because when they work the birds love them
 If you threw away the spray handle and replaced it with a different one this would be a great product . The trigger mechanism will pinch your skin , glove every time you release it . Save yourself the hassle and buy the hudson with a plastic trigger.My dad 's -LRB- with the plastic handle -RRB- is about 8 years onld , and the only time it leaked , he called Hudson and they sent him new parts at no charge .
 Its just Ok.Nothing exciting . The rubber head is smashed in and wo n't round out . And does not look liked it is pictured.To much $ $ for the qualityDont buy .
 What on earth does `` dicernment '' mean ? Am I being whooshed ? My poor rating is based solely on my assumption that few people will understand the message ... if any .
 Perhaps the meaning of this sign would be a little more obvious if the manufacturer were able to spell . Irony abounds .
 I have ordered several things from amazon and always pleased by my purchases but when this came in the mail OMG JUNK . I am not pleased with it and do n't recommend this to ANYONE . I thought it would be cute to have near our kitchen window so that my kids could see the birds closer then it hanging in a tree but the stupid thing struggles to suction to the window and I had to use tape to help keep it closed up . Do n't buy this , buy a tree hanging one instead .
 On a perfectly clean window , the empty feeder fell to the concrete . I tried again and watched the suction cups come undone and it fell in to my hand . No way this could handle being full of seed and holding up with birds weight . It 's going back and I 'm getting something else .
 I was rather surprised when I got this item in the mail . The feeder itself is just a cheap piece of plastic with two suction cups . The one I got is separating at the top . I think this looks like it should sell for about five dollars or less , it really is extremely cheap looking . I wish I had just bought something locally instead of buying this online without seeing better what it looks like .
 I like the look of it not real big but one of the suction cups wo n't hold . I had to use tape to keep it from falling .
 I expected directions or tips -LRB- second story is better than first story , clean the surface first and wet the area or dampen ... -RRB- . Also , the house has little holes where it locks together , so the smaller seeds fall right through . The main problem is the suction cups . They are warped . They are not flat so that they can not create an air-tight suction seal . One suction cup was a little less warped , but since the other one was completely warped , it would n't hold up and the house fell immediately from the second story ... seed everywhere . Wrote to manufacturer to see if they would just send me some good suction cups , instead of having to go through the return process . Feel bad for the kids . They were so excited about it . We hear lots of wild birds and owls in our eaves right near where I wanted to place the house .
 I was n't impressed with the construction . The birdhouse was in two pieces with one suction cup falling off when it came out of the box -LRB- you can see the seam in the photo illustration to the left of the bird where the unit clips together -RRB- . This seemed more like a $ 2.99 drugstore item than a ten dollar item . I will update the review when I see how , or if , it holds up in use .
 I have no idea why this feeder got such great reviews ! Feeder is very poorly constructed of 2 cheap plastic pieces that did not fit together securely . No suction cups were included even though the box clearly states that they should be . Definitely a return ! Do not buy .
 I bought this feeder offline . For some reason the birds at my place could n't even figure out how to eat out of this feeder . They would stare at the seeds longingly , sit on the window sill , and peck at the plastic . But I think I only saw one bird sucessfully eat seeds out of it . I had the same handfull of seeds in there for weeks until I just gave up and took it down.I do n't think it 's that my birds were too big to land on the edge . They were mostly just sparrows . Maybe it was that they could n't really notice the clear plastic .
 This item is too very cheap -LRB- think cheap tupperware -RRB- pieces of symmetrical plastic snapped together , value of about $ 1.99 . The feeder is way too small and already after one day , a small cardinal just flew into the feeder on my window smashed into it hard and fell to the ground -LRB- was 2 feet off the ground in a basement window -RRB- because it was too small and it did hurt him . . Doubt he 'll be back : / . If you do n't want your desired birds hurt . . do n't buy this , its cheap and cruel .
 i bought a perky pet window wild bird feeder from amazon and it fell apart.but all i did was call and amazon made it good , no questions asked.they replaced it within just a few days.i have been very satisfied with amazon and will continue to buy from them .
 I purchased this bird feeder about 7 weeks ago . Have it on my deck window.No birds . I have another feeder in the back of the yard that many birds visit . The feeder is niceI just do n't know about the whole concept of it attaching to a window .
 This bird feeder is a total piece of crap . It 's made of cheap thin plastic with teensy connectors to bring both halves together . Two of the flimsy connection prongs immediately broke upon insertion . I doubt the product cost 25 cents to make . Avoid this poorly made feeder .
 Have n't seen a bird yet on this thing . I bought it b/c of the reviews and some `` expensive '' black sunflower seeds . No birds
 I ordered three of these for my cats . I got them and guess what ?? Not one of them stayed together . I had to silicon them together . I would have returned them with a nice note but it really is n't worth the trouble and time . I think they are probally banking that most people would feel that way . DO NOT BUY THIS ! Spend alittle more money and get a better one . Thanks for listening .
 I do n't know what the heck I 'm doing wrong but I have n't seen a single bird at this feeder in the 5 months its been up on our window . The birds flock to the other hanging seed feeder hung at the same height in the garden and I have to fill it weekly . I 'm still hoping they 'll find this window feeder but I 'm getting pretty discouraged .
 What a piece of junk , it came broken ! I would have sent it back but saw how cheap it was made and it was n't even worth it . I grabbed some tape and used that to hold it together . I only got it so that my cat would have something to watch while I was gone so I guess that 's OK , she will not care about the tape . Just the glass between them .
 This thing has been on my window for 2-3 weeks full of bird seeds . So far it has attracted ZERO bird . NOTHING ! My cat is still bored !
 Mine came just as described but is missing the suction cups ! This is very frustrating as it 's now useless to me .
 I guess you ca n't go too wrong at this price point but my feeder arrived missing one of the suction cups and also the two halves of the feeder do not fit together securely . Woodstream customer service said they did n't have any extra suction cups for me and they told me to glue the feeder together ... or return it and pay for shipping . I do not reccomend this feeder unless you are prepared to do some repairs .
 This feeder has done a great job of holding bird seed and staying on my window . Unfortunately no birds have used it . This might not be the fault of the feeder , as my other bird feeder has only had a squirrel visit it , but I have n't gotten what I expected from the feeder .
 I ordered this feeder , the first one arrived without the required suction cups . A replacement was sent and it arrived cracked . Somebody needs to do some better quality control . I will be ordering a different feeder this time !
 Ordered three of these feeders . One arrived with a crack along the seam . Another broke at the seam when positioning it on the window . These are not well made . I will try to reinforce the seams with heavy-duty tape .
 I tried a couple of windows with this feeder . Not one bird . We have birds in our little beach town but not one landed here . A waste of dollars , if you ask me .
 I had high hopes for this bird feeder , but it just is n't well made . When it arrived the two pieces would n't click together and stay so I ended up duct taping it rather than going through the hassle of a return . I recommend The Observer by Droll Yankee . It 's worth the extra money .
 Beware . I recieved this bird feeder and it was broken and had been sloppily reglued with crazy glue . It had fingerprints in the glue and was not fitted together . I would like them to send another , by can not reach them . This obviously had been returned and not checked .
 My family received this as a gift . I was so excited to put it up and watch the birds . When I tried to assemble it , I saw that one of the plastic prongs was broken , but I put it together anyway and it seemed like it would stay together pretty well . Then I tried to stick it on to my window , but it just would n't stay put at all , not even for a few minutes . I tried to clean the window to see if that would help , but it still would n't stay.This product was a big disappointment .
 feeder is cheaply and poorly made . first one was missing parts , replacement was defective -LRB- two halves improperly glued and fell apart . -RRB- managed to put a single functioning unit together but the result was only marginally satisfactory
 and it was fine - when it stayed on the window . But I was constantly having to go out and fish it out of the landscaping , then reattach it to the window . I tried cleaning the window and the suction cups , and it still fell . As a result , I 'm still looking for a window mounted feeder .
 I got this from my sister as a gift , when I received it it looked like it had been opened . I took out everything and I did n't get and suction cups to put it up !
 it has been hanging on the window since Christmas and have n't seen one bird coming to eat . Whoever designed this product might not know the bird and have n't been watching bird feeding . Great idea but poor result .
 I have had two of these and both had the same problem . They both did not stick well to windows and both cracked in half . I duct taped one of them , and now I 'm just giving up and buying something better .
 Very cheaply made , came with only one of the two needed suction cups . I would not recommend this product .
 We loved it till the squirrel noticed it and started jumping on it trying to get to the food . The idea is great but you have to find a window that is n't near a tree with squirrels around .
 I thought this would be great for our birds to feed at our window . But very few want to perch on it . Plus , it does n't drain well . After one season , the plastic discolored , and the suction cups would n't stick to the window .
 I bought two of these cute bird houses and they came boxed seperately . Each box stated that suction cups were included , yet neither box contained suction cups . The bird house is useless until I can track some down in the right size and pay extra for them . Skip these .
 I loved this window feeder when I first got it , but after only a few weeks one suction cup would n't hold it in place . I kept cleaning the window and slightly dampened the suction cups -LRB- as suggested -RRB- . It finally fell to the ground and broke . I loved it while it lasted because seeing the birds right outside the kitchen window was wonderful . I 'm not sure if I will ever try another window feeder that uses suction cups .
 I was pretty excited about this . I put it on my kitchen window , put seed in it , and I do n't think a bird even touched it . A few minutes after I stuck it to the window I heard something fall . I looked out , and it was on the ground . The pins that held it together were broken , so it would n't stay together anymore.I 'll probably try to glue it together & try again because I really liked the idea , but it did n't stay on the window as well as I had hoped .
 I bought this as a gift and was horrified when they opened the box and it was just a piece of cheap plastic ... it probably wont last one summer ... : -LRB-
 This looks pretty flimsy , though it seems to do a fair job . My concern is that it could be easily damaged or punctured since it is basically a coil with aluminum foil covering it . There is no UAL label on it . Maybe it is n't covered under the law ? I would buy a better one even if it costs more .
 There are many methods of getting rid of slugs and snails . Few of them work very well , in my experience , but several of them work well enough to make them worth trying . -LRB- One that 's more trouble than it 's worth , in my experience
 This stuff works well , BUT it almost killed my 60lb Yellow Lab !!! There are safer alternatives that work as well and are as easy to use . Please BEWARE this product has a flavor additive dogs like ! Try Sluggo instead.Monterey Sluggo Snail & Slug Control For Organic Gardening - 2.5 lb Shaker Bottle LG6500
 Hi there , Read the great reviews , bought the trap , did n't catch the gopher . We 've tried everything and the furry little creature still evades us as he eats his way through our yard . We 've moved the trap to fresh ` mounds ' morning and night , we 've tried moistening the soil around the mound hole to simulate rain -LRB- this is supposed to get the gopher to come up to ground level -RRB- , my hubby is really good at anything he does and even he is stumped . It 's definitely a gopher , not a mole , because the cheeky little devil popped up to have a look at us ! We do n't know what we are doing wrong , we 've followed all of the instruction , but the trap is not catching him . Would not buy this product again .
 We bought 2 of these after trying several other '' cinch traps '' to no avail . The moles are ruining the yard and are digging tunnels all over . After reading the reviews and being frustrated , we set these up `` end to end '' to get them coming in from both sides . After one night , both traps were still open , not activated , but the varmints had covered both of them with dirt . This is exactly what had happened when we set the cinch traps as well ... placing them deep into the holes , covered with black plastic and a bucket to keep all light out . Traps sitting there , not activated but buried in soil . We even tried the poison peanuts , but seems like they are dining and dashing . WHAT ARE WE DOING WRONG ? Have lost our sense of humor as well as money .
 yes these traps work and yes I 've caught several gophers . The problem is the quality . I purchased these 8 to 12 weeks ago and the springs have now punched out the back . 1 trap is no longer useable . *** disappointing ****
 Does not function animals do not trip trap . Product cheaply made trap trip settings to stiff to trip when animal enters trap .
 This looked okay and was the exact size of an old one I was trying to replace . I cut some slices off a bell pepper on it and it 's scarred badly . I know it 's not a cutting board but the material seems very soft . It 's the same material as the one I was replacing but it 's much softer . I 've cut veggies on the old one and it never scratched like this .
 OMG THIS ITEM WAS SO SMALL IT IS A JOKE FOR THE PRICE , ENTRYWAY BENCHES ? I DONT THINK SO UNLESS IT IS THE TINEST ENTRY WAY EVER MADE . I WAS SO UPSET BUT , THE TROUBLE OF SENDING THEM BACK IS NOT EVEN WORTH THE TIME .
 Very weak display - need to turn it just right to see numbers . Followed directions to the T and it apparently ca n't hold a calibration . It will be returned.Also an adventure just to get my hands on it . TWO WEEKS shipping !! I could have drove it to my house faster .
 It looks like it is probably a pretty good net , however it us made for a specific -LRB- presumably Ace -RRB- offset umbrella . I assumed it was designed to just toss over the umbrella -LRB- I have n't yet decided what that assumption makes me -RRB- . However , that is not the case -- the net has Velcro all along the top to be attached to the Velcro already present along the outside edges of the -LRB- presumably Ace -RRB- umbrella . So , I can either return the net , or go shopping for 34 yards of Velcro and attach it to my umbrella . Hmmmmm ... I think I 'll take the easy way out . Now , where 's that return address ... ?
 I have used this about ten times and I really do n't notice anything better . If I use it or not the plants have just the same survival chance !!!!
 I love the look of the feeder . Unfortunately , it let water get into the feeder , and turned the thistle into a stinky mess of goop . My finches went to the regular bird feeder next to it , they hardly ever ate from this one .
 I wanted something nicer than a finch sock hanging in my yard but I 've had it up for over a month and no bird has touched it . It is nice looking and seems sturdy but if it does n't attract birds it is hard to rate it higher than two stars .
 I did a lot of research into attracting birds to our yard and this type of feeder was recommended . I bought the feeder in September of 2012 , bought fresh seed , filled the feeder and hung it up . Unfortunately not one bird has eaten from it since we hung it up . I noticed yesterday that there is a big crack extending from the bottom of the feeder about three or four inches up . I do n't know that the feeder is responsible for the lack of birds , but because of the crack I ca n't recommend the feeder to anyone .
 I purchased this feeder for my Father . The Birds wo n't go near is . Not sure what the problem is ; I think it is because the holes are too small and they ca n't get seed . I tried making the holes larger with a drill , but still no good .
 for a reasonably expensive feeder , this one frustrated me by lasting only about one month before squirrels chewed through the canister .
 Be forewarned
 The birds did n't get the memo that they were supposed to love this feeder . I put this out to replace a feeder that was too small since it drew birds like a magnet . Only a couple of birds attempted to feed on it , but they were put off by the spiral . I left it up for a few days , but no luck . I cleaned it , packed it up , and sent it back .
 I liked the color , style and spiral perches on this feeder , however the yellow finish faded and turned cloudy after hanging outside for just two months . It is dull now and not as bright as it was . Unfortunately it is beyond the return window . I may spray paint it but feel I should have been able to exchange it . The seed tends to rot quickly inside unless eaten fast by the birds or protected from rain/water . .
 I was so hoping these would work . Had a severe spider problem - maybe they 're just not meant for spiders ? I thought the product was working for awhile , and maybe it was , perhaps the spiders got used to the sound/immune to it . Save yourself - just go to Home Depot & get the spider/insect killer w/the battery-operated handle sprayer . Worked like a dream .
 I bought these , along with a humane trap , when I discovered that I had mice in my shed as I would never harm them . Unfortunately they seem to have no effect on the mice whatsoever . The device is turned on in the shed but the mice still come in . I have even placed my humane trap right in front of the repeller but the mice still come up to the trap and enter it . And this is not the same mouse returning , these are different mice of varying colours and sizes so that pretty much explains it really . It 's always debatable whether these sonic devices work or not , some people say they do and some people say they do n't . Obviously I ca n't comment on other makes but these particular ones do n't work . If you are thinking of purchasing a sonic repellent I would look at getting one that has many reviewers saying that it has worked for them . And maybe consider purchasing a humane trap as well . For me , I would never harm one of these lovely little creatures and with a little thought and consideration it is definitely possible to move these without harming them .
 It does n't work ! Roaches are roaming around as they were before , even sitting on the device ! It was a waste of my money . Ca n't bother to pack and send it back for a refund .
 We plugged them in after reading the directions and the next day roaches were hiding behind them . They are covered with roach droppings .
 I am really disappointed with this product , simply it does nothing . It 's a complete waist of money , I 've tried it for several weeks , but no results .
 This product make the bats less anoying but still I can hear them often . Probably the product was not designed for flying pest .
 I bought this pack to deter the mouse/moles living in my mother 's basement when I moved in with her and was sleeping down there on a floor mat . I 'm not afraid of mice , but do n't want the little critters crawling all over me while I sleep ... Her basement is soooo clean and neat and the carpet is new , but the mice/moles still come around for some visits ... Anyway , these were useless . . I ca n't tell you how many nights I wake up feeling something zip across my body !! Even my 2 cats are n't enough to scare these critters away ... I used peppermint oil before at my old place and that worked better than these ... I do n't recommend purchasing this product at all , unless you 're okay with wasting money and having critters living with you ... In that case , buy cages and wheels for them to enjoy their stay .
 So we had a mouse problem and I figured they would n't work for mice and they did not . I left them in for about 2 months and did not notice any difference in bugs either . We get spiders in the spring and there was a spider sitting right next to the thing . They also make a really annoying popping/clicking sound that drove our dogs crazy . I would look for something else . If you need help with getting rid of mice try Victor M252 Electronic Mouse Trap . This took care of our problem . Caught 10 mice in a week and have n't seen any since .
 Spiders are not bothered by these things , in fact one made a web right next to the repeller . I have checked the lights on them and they were all on , so the devices should have been working . There is absolutely no effect on spiders or bugs . I get small spiders and very rarely an occasional small bug , and even these tiny things were not affected .
 These items really did not work as well as they said they would the did not work on cockroahes or mice
 Does not work with most insects and is very noisy - can be heard even in a noisy room .
 I found droppings in my apt that I was hoping this product would help with . I installed two in my very small kitchen only to find droppings over the next couple of days . Please do n't waste your money on this . Its not worth it ! In regards to the other reviews of the mice/pests dissapearing - just plain luck I guess because this was clearly not effective in my apt .
 This item really did not do anything . it does n't disturb the gecko , though . But it makes such an annoying clicking noise , that I had to permanently unplug it , after not seeing any results for three weeks
 In the beginning of having this product I knew I would still see some activity . But good lord , it been almost four/five months of having this product and I could n't believe how many mice I was seeing !!! I had to call pest control to fix this problem . When the pest control guy came , he found three mice -LRB- two baby mices on one trap , and another baby mouse on one other -RRB- . I could n't believe my eyes !!! After he put steel wool in small holes he found he put down bate and glue traps . So far I have one mouse still in my house . This mouse must have eat the bate because when I saw it in my living room ... I walked in and it was n't moving for a good 15 seconds -LRB- I thought it was died -RRB- , while it was looking at me , then the mouse slowly made a unturn and went the other way ... I ca n't wait that mouse to die so I could be relieved . I told my friend about this product and they told me that it will bring in pest then make it go away ... when I got home from hearing that I took every last one out !!! This product is a waste of money !!!
 I have n't seen any mice or any mouse 's droppings for three weeks . I plugged in two of these ultrasonic , but does n't work after three weeks . I just saw another mice running in my kitchen two days ago !!! I think mouse sticky pads or mouse trap may work better than this .
 We still have pesky ants that walk right by the device and those creepy house centipedes . The click is annoying for about a week and then it is easily ignored . It does n't bother my cat though , so that is good . I left it up anyway , just in case . It 's been up for three years now . Still have the ant , so I conclude it does not work .
 I purchased 2 sets -LRB- total of 6 -RRB- . I am not sure about the effectiveness of this item . I still got some bug-bites after plugging them in the electrical outlets .
 DO N'T buy . Save your money and hire a professional or visit your local DIY Pest Control store . These products are as useful as the elixir 's sold by salesman in wagons in the wild west . I own a small pest control company in Central Florida , and have come across so many of these things collecting dust . When I asked my customers if they worked , most reply no , and that 's why we hired you . Hope this helps . Thank you & God Bless.Justin BranekyBraneky Pest Prevention , Inc. .
 House is about 1300 square feet and I purchased 6 of these things . Been using them for two months seemed to help after a couple weeks but after a month of working mice have returned as bad as ever . Waste of $ $ $ $ .
 I purchased these products and installed at several places where we noticed mice droppings , hoping to finally get rid of these unwanted guests . These had been there for weeks now and still we 're getting visits from these pests . So I put in glue traps that worked better as they caught these vermins one by one . My advice
 I started using this product the week of August 17 , 2011 , and it 's still plugged into my wall outlet . But the item is not functioning . There are still roaches in my kitchen area , which only appear during the night.There appears to be the same number of roaches , no less and no more.I ordered this product because it featured 3 instead of one . But none of them have worked properly.I would NOT recommend you buy this product , mines appear to be defective . I contacted the seller in hopes of replacing them , in the end I would like to get a refund .
 First off , I can hear the whine these things make . It was annoying at first but now I am used to it . Secondly , I have had THREE of them in my 400sq ft master bedroom/bathroom and the rat I was trying to chase away just laughs at them . Also , we sometimes get bugs in the summer because we live in the woods and today I noticed a small roach actually sitting on one of the plug ins . $ 20 waste of money .
 My wife bought me this for a Christmas gift . I 've been a back yard barbecue fan for many years and have put in the time needed to learn proper fire management and what it takes to turn out good product . I used this cameron steel box smoker according to directions with the two tablespoons of chips and cooked two Omaha steaks with it . The results were terrible as used with the instructions given . Bitter meat and basically , it ruined the steaks.The concept with this product is flawed right from the start . If you 're smoking in an enclosed box with no air flow , you 'll get incomplete combustion of the chips , which in turn , produces creosote . Creosote is what produces a bitter flavor on the meat . Poor air flow in any kind of smoker will cause this problem . Any pit master will tell you the same thing . If you live in a northern climate and ca n't be bothered with setting up your smoker on a snow covered patio deck , you 're better off going to your local BBQ restaurant , rather than wasting time with this lazy-que meat ruin-er .
 My bad for not checking out the size ; this is way too small for my needs . I was expecting the European style smoker box that is large enough to put a large fish or salon steaks on a grill inside the box along with the chips on the bottom , place the lid on and put on top of the BBQ or on top of stove -LSB- be sure to have a strong smoke extractor -RSB- . The heat from the BBQ sets the chips smoldering and smokes the fish/meat/fowl / fruit/etc . Should have guessed it was not what I was looking for by the price . I did not see a discription or size listed on the product listing .
 I got it a couple of years ago , and now have to replace - it rusted through.Well made and easy to use - until its stainless steel qualities are gone .
 Smoke box was too tall for the Weber Genesis grill , it would not fit between the flavor bars and the grilling rack . I had to return it . Got one from Home Depot , a bit larger but works great .
 The chair itself was alright , very short/low back makes it far less comfortable than most . My biggest complaint was the cost of shipping ... far more than the chair was worth . I would not purchase it again .
 These seem to be drilled for use in chandeliers . I had purchased them for another application and was unhappy to learn that they are drilled in two places which will not work for my application .
 Do n't waste your money on this one . I have yet to find a solution to my vole/mole problem . I have tried this product , solar mole chasers , regular mole chasers , chewing gum , cat hair and etc. . My next try is the vole/mole worm killer . I 'm lookig for something to use in the winter because that is when I 'm having the most problems and they are destroying my yard and eating the roots off my flowers .
 I bought three bags of this product and used it over a three month span . It works for a little while but I think perhaps our gophers are a bit more persistent than your average gophers . I gave it two stars only because it works for just a short period and then you need to reapply . Perhaps with fewer gophers it might keep them away , it just did n't work in our yard in the long term .
 IT 'S BEEN TWO WEEKS SINCE I SCATTERED THE PRODUCT OVER THE AREAS OF INTEREST , THIS LAST WEEK I 'VE NOTICED MORE MOVEMENT OF MY GOPHERS VILLLAGE , THEIR MOUNDS ARE HEADING TO THE FENCE LINES.I 'M VERY PLEASED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WILL SHARE THIS INFORMATION WITH ONE AND ALL .
 2 out of my 3 bags had some black sticky substance on the inside of the bag and I did not feel comfortable putting my food inside them . The 3rd bag was split but I did manage to use it . I will not purchase this again .
 Just purchased the Alder bags and what a mess ! They literally came apart at the seams . I have been a Savu Smoker bag user for many years and have never had a problem . The Cameron bags are not as sturdy and I will never purchase them again .
 They were easy to use and clean up was easy , however , they did n't infuse the smoke flavor I was hoping they would ... Stick with the actual smoker !
 The box this item comes in is not Husqvarna , it is a cheap knock-off brand . More disturbing is that the mower blades are rusted and used . The mulch cover was also used with scratch marks on it .
 Dewalt snuck through exorbitant shipping costs on this product . Even though I ordered 10 + pairs , they would n't combine the glasses and reduce the shipping charges . It was $ 5 for the box that arrived , and I got charged $ 26 . Since I was ordering several products from different sellers , the charges got by me until I was reviewing specific package tracking . It was 30 minutes after I ordered and they refused to stop the order , shipped it anyway , so I 'm out the shipping charge . I 'm returning them on principal and learning from my mistake . beware !! Dewalt DPG52-BC Contractor Pro Light Blue High Performance Lightweight Protective Safety Glasses
 Great price , fast shipping ... but the glasses fog for me when I 'm wearing an OR mask ... and after about 3 hours wearing them I had a headache . Oh well .
 We 've had this mower for about 3 years . It stalls if the grass is a bit too long , or if it is at all wet . It generally holds a charge okay , but we ca n't mow both our front and back lawn on one charge . The bolts that hold the handle together have broken and now the handle is not rigid enough to push the mower comfortably . Guess we 'll have to replace them all and see what happens . In general , it is not great quality and is pretty gutless .
 I originally gave this item a good review . It was light and easy to use . I liked the smaller size which made storage in my garage easier . And it seemed to do the job for my small yard . My favorable opinon changed for two reasons
 Nice looks but very cheaply built . It breaks in days ... . Taiwanese manufactured . I do not reccomend this mower . It is just WAY TO EXPENSIVE FOR IT 'S POOR QUALLITY.Better put your bucks somewhere else .
 Stick to the old fashioned mowers . We fully charged the battery and attempted to start the mower . But it would not work . At first the relay switch would trip and turn the engine off after only a few seconds . Then the engine would not even start . Then sparks would fly from the black lead where you plug the charger . Now the plug wo n't even go into the mower . The grass is not very long , the grass is not wet , the key is fully inserted , the battery is fully charged . In short , the thing should work but it does not . The idea of a cordless mower sounds great , but do n't fall for it . I emailed OMyGarden but I find I have no recourse , which is a problem when you buy online and not from a neighborhood store .
 I 've only had my Bully lawn mower for a week now , and am still trying decide whether or not it was a wise purchase . I 've already had several plastic bits & pieces fall off after only cutting my grass one and half times , and have had to scour the lawn trying to find them . The most recent piece that fell off held the handle together , which made for an awkward cutting of the grass . I am REALLY hoping Bully is telling the truth about how the battery builds up power after multiple chargings , as right now I am barely able to get my small front yard cut before the battery dies . I also think it does n't have the power to cut some of the thicker grass in my back yard . I probably would n't recommend it , at least not so far , which bums me out as I really liked the idea of not using GAS to power a lawn mower ...
 Yes , you dont have the hassle of the cord , but you have to go all over again the same place to get the same results as a corded mower . Results
 I ordered the 2020 in March and since it was out of stock at that time it was not received until April 14 . The next weekend I charged it for 24 hours and tried to use it , but it only worked for about 1 minute . After that it was totally dead . Then I noticed in the bag there was a small yellow paper saying it should be charged 48 hours when it is put into use for the first time , or else the battery may be damaged . I then charged it for 48 hours , and it was still motionless.I know I did n't follow the instructions exactly , but a 24 hour charge is not so short , and even the battery was damaged somehow the mower should not be motionless . I did n't have the luxury to wait since the grass was growing day by day , and even it is fixed how can I wait 48 hours more just for a charge ? I also noticed in the manual it is implied that actually you should charge it whenever you are not using it or else there may be a problem . Even if the battery is fully charged whenever the charger is plugged it is warm , meaning it is still using electicity , so how it is such a good idea for saving enegy ? So I think this fancy stuff was not for me , and the next day I bought a gas engine mower at Sears for $ 200 and it handily did the job for me . Yeah the gas mower is noisy but it is also powerful ! You do n't need to worry it would stop and be dead , plus it consumes so little gas -LRB- I did n't notice a significant reduction of gas in the half gallon tank after I finished the first mowing job -RRB- . I decided I 'll not look at this kind of thing any time soon . Maybe years later , when they can put some decent battery in a product.Maybe the set I got was an exception , but anyway it was defective , so I returned it to Amazon , whether or not I can get a full refund I 'll wait and see.Original in May . Added on 07/11
 This thing is cheap ... That is the only plus.It is small so it takes that much more passes to cut the lawn.There is no grass catcher ! I guess living in Los Angeles I got spoiled because no one else ever mentioned this . WOW ... People actually rake after mowing now-a-days ? Sheesh!The wheel axles and just about everything else associated with this lawn mower do not seem very sturdy.It might be sold by an American company but it has the look and feel of a cheap import .
 After 2 months of moderate use , the battery is dead . I have been in touch with Bully about a replacement and still have n't received one after nearly two weeks . All they will say is that it is on a list and will ship from IL . I 've asked about three times when , but ca n't seem to get them to answer or even acknlowedge the question.I had high hopes for this mower and really liked it for the first couple of months . However , after reading other similar stories on this site I would not recommend buying this product or anything else from this company . Amazon should remove this item from the site as it is obviously not reliable and the company does n't seem to have much interest in addressing the issues with their product .
 the worst power tool i ` ve ever used . the charge does n`t last more than a few minutes , it does n`t cut well at all , it ` s made of cheap plastic . on the other hand it was easy to put togeather .
 Maddie Hatter states that the mower arrived in 2 days from order . If you look at OMyGarden Shipping Rates they state the following : Continental US Street ETA 3 - 7 daysThey do not have expedited shipping . So unless Maddie lives just nextdoor of OMyGarden headquarters , this 5 star review seems to me made up by someone keen to the company.I accept that I might be wrong ... . but it makes you think .
 Re the Bully -- After charging for 48 hours , the Bully lasted 10 minutes , then lost all charge and never worked again . Called the number on the mower -LRB- the literature it comes with says to call one of `` our authorized service reps '' -- but no list . and no phone numbers or addresses stated ANYWHERE on the literature -RRB- and was sent another mower which arrive within a week . We cut about 2/3 of our small yard -LRB- after charging for DAYS -RRB- . This second mower died and never would charge again . We called the number on the mower -LRB- different number than was on the first mower ! -RRB- and never received a call back . We have had to cancel payment via our credit card company . THE BULLY IS A RIP OFF . AMAZON SHOULD NOT CARRY IT.I just finished using a friend 's Neutron and it is far far superior ! But 50 % pricier .
 I 've had this `` useless '' mower for over 6 weeks now ... it worked for 20 mins hasnt worked since ... . I have been told mine was a re-call , and they would send a replacement part ... now I 'm just getting the run around ... no parts to send !!!!
 I purchased a bully cordless lawn mower from O my garden and it lasted a whole 5 minutes before breaking . It will probably take a week or 2 to replace , then I hopefully will see if this product is any good or not .
 nice and light but just bogs down with the slightest resistance . Have n't noticed that the battery has improved after many uses , in fact seems to be holding its charge for shorter and shorter . My lawn is n't huge or particularly thick . Kind of bummed that i have to by a back up battery just to finish one small section of grass . In my opinion , they need to look at some different battery types -LRB- ie
 I bought the Bully in Dec 06 but did n't start using it until April . When it first arrived I was very impressed with the weight and ease of having it up and running within minutes . I even followed the directions and let it charge for weeks before even being used . I was showing it to all my friends and was even turning it on in the garage with the door SHUT just to show them how quiet it really was . I was initially impressed . Then I started using it . It was still good at first . Like most reviewers , the hubcaps fell off on the first pass through my small yard . Oh well , no big deal . It mowed well and handled everything I needed it to do . The first 4-5 times it ran for over 45min and never lost its charge or power . Now , all of a sudden , on my 6th mowing ... it worked for about 10min and just quit . This was me trying to save the planet , one mower at a time , but alas , I will be going back to gas . It is a great idea , but probably just needs a few more years to really work out all the kinks . I will be contacting OMG tomorrow to see if they will offer a refund . I would not recommend this product.Update 8/4/07 ... spoke to OMG on 7/12/07 and they refused to give me a refund . Said they would ship me a new battery free of charge . I have still not received it . Will be calling them again on Mon. . My current battery still only lasts about 10min per full charge . Takes me 3 days to mow my yard , 10min at a time . Also my grass is getting nice and thick with all the rain we 've had this year . Mower bogs down and I have it cutting on the highest level.Update 8/16/07 ... still no new battery ... will be calling them a third time ... I wish I could change my 2 stars to a 1 star ... DO N'T BUY !!
 After going through 2 of these mowers -LRB- one was a replacement for the first -RRB- , I would not recommend it to anyone . The first mower stopped working after a couple of uses . Even with the few times I used it , my entire lawn -LRB- and it 's not big -RRB- was not mowed . OMyGarden sent me a replacement and after charging , it went on and turned off . I could n't get it to work again . OMyGarden offered to replace it again , claiming it was a faulty motherboard . I declined and received a refund from Amazon -LRB- which was not all that easy either -RRB- . The concept is great but the mower needs some work before it can be worth the buy .
 Received the product as described . Great job Amazon . I purchased this for the lightness and versatility , as I was using it to maintain the cemetary . I wanted something that was lightweight for easy loading into an SUV . On the first use , the wheel fell off . I put that back on , and putting it away , folding the handle down , the bolt broke . I was sent a replacement bold with no problem . The number listed on the mower itself did not work . Another number located , put me in touch with `` O My Garden '' , who sent me the bolt . On the second use , it now will not turn off . The handle controls no longer work . Once the switch is turned on , on the side of the battery area , it is running . This is going back to Amazon . They are excellenat to deal with , but they should get rid of this line . It is not equal to their way of doing business ...
 These things are really a pain to put in when placing them in clay . I spent the last 2 hours trying to install these things so they would be straight , but to no avail . They do look nice , but then they install and you look down the line and see an `` S '' wave to it then it sort of defeats the purpose . I 'll spend the extra money and install a stone wall .
 I would n't recommend this to anyone unless you 're putting it into VERY soft tilled dirt . The fence is very flimsy and the stakes used to secure it are thin plastic that are impossible to get in straight.Each piece connects together by single sided hooks which come undone when bumped . Very disappointing . Impossible to install this along the sidewalk and get in a straight line .
 This is not a quality product . Flimsy and shorter than I expected it to be . It was not even worth the expense of sending back
 I thought this would look cute along a narrow paved walkway but fencing was flimsy and looked cheap . I sent this product back and am awaiting refund .
 I 've ordered two of these and both came with lenses scratched on sides.Too shiny for my taste -LRB- supposed to look chic ? -RRB- . Good thing these glasses are light , wrap around your head well and stay there.If only these lenses were in better shape ...
 Cheaply priced for a reason , they 're garbage . The kind of thing you get for free when you buy a tape measure .
 low quality , not scratch proof . easy break.not confortable to use , throw it to the sea . . !!
 While this seems to be a good price , the shipping markup seems a bit high . Amazon is charging $ 139 to ship this product , $ 40 more than if you order directly from their supplier Dynadirect . If you search you can find the grill elsewhere for as low as $ 185 with the more realistic shipping charge of $ 39.99 .
 I was looking forward to receiving my grill and all of the accessories I ordered with it , because I know that Weber makes wonderful products . But , I never received the grill , just the accessories -LRB- rotisserie , cover , drip pans -- the works -RRB- . The customer service folks at Amazon alternately gave me the runaround or ignored my requests , until I asked for a refund . They never provided any explanation of what happened or offered to reship the grill . I 'm now left with the task of returning all of the stuff I bought to go with the grill . Amazon has lost a faithfull customer . My advice
 When I seen the picture of the grill , it was not what I expected . I was ready to see heavy duty , fully loaded gas grill . With Double racks , two burners , solid flat grill top.Really basic and to the point.If I am going to spend money on a grill , I do n't want to haveto wait for the coals to get white .
 This is not the British Flag . It is missing the diagonal red cross . Do a google image search of British flag .
 The flag received is not nylon . It was also sewn crooked . One side was longer than the other . It was so cheap that it was not worth the hassle to go return it .
 I was n't sure what to expect because of the low price so remember you get what you pay for . This flag came with irregular stitching on the seams , threads hanging that undo the seams , and the metal gromets fell out . Not worth sending back . I went to a local flag company and bought a real flag .
 I purchased this as a Christmas &#34; stocking stuffer &#34; for my granddaughter . When it came , I was happy I did n't pay very much for it . It was too cheap-looking to give to her , and not worth sending back . It went in the trash and I bought a more expensive , but good quality cotton flag for her . You get what you pay for .
 So I bought this item and clearly in the picture there are brass grommets and in the description It said would come with brass grommets but to my surprise when I got it there was no brass grommets made me pretty mad
 As a British citizen in the USA I was looking for a British Union Flag -LRB- It is n't a Union Jack unless it is on a boat -RRB- and noticed that the red diagonal St Patrick 's cross is missing on the photo . It may be that the flag you receive is different to the displayed photo but buyer beware - this image is not the British flag .
 This is not the current British Union Jack as adopted around 1801 . It does have some resemblance to the old Union Jack which was abandoned in 1801 by both England and Scotland - when they were known as the Kingdom of Britain ; even then it is a bad copy as the white stripes -LRB- Cross of St. Andrew -RRB- are much thicker - not to mention it is completely missing the cross of St. Patrick !
 I bought it to get rid of tall , thin , wheat-like weeds , but the instructions say it works for weeds with foliage . I sprayed it on them anyway just in case , and now I have a bunch of brown circles in my yard -LRB- most of my yard is crabgrass -RRB- with the weeds I wanted killed still standing tall . I sprayed it on some other weeds with lots of foliage , and all it did was wilt them a little .
 I have a Toro String trimmer Model 51932 . It has given me good service since I bought it in 2004 . But now I have discovered that I can not rely upon Toro for repair parts . After years of good service , I need to replace the trimmer head on the machine . It turns out that Toro does not support this model . I am used to the great support that Sears provides for Craftsman hardware , even years later . Would that Toro had the same philosophy . Just because I 've had it for a while does n't mean that I have to throw it away because Toro wo n't supply support . I used to rely upon Toro , in part because they built their products in the US . I guess that now they build everything in China , we just have to live with that . Not me . I 'll be shopping for some other brand .
 I purchased a Toro reconditioned trimmer . Problem is I received a Ryobi trimmer instead ! -LRB- I have a Ryobi trimmer that is nearly new - only used 3 times and will not run . I am a mechanic and the parts to fix will cost more that the trimmer is worth -RRB- I am in the process of trying to get my money back , but the seller has not contacted me yet.Good luck if you decide to go out on a limb !
 The ad for this Clarington Forge Compost Fork is very deceiving . In less than one year the paint peels off . I used it for what it was intended only and the CHEAP PLASTIC HANDLE which is single riveted on just broke apart in my hand . I called the company that supplies it . -LRB- AM Leonard Piqua Ohio -RRB- They said its not theirs nand only 1 year warranty . They dont sell replacement handles . I am stuck with a tool I WOULD NOT HAND DOWN TO ANYOINE since its nonfunctional .
 `` Sold as 5 UNITS at $ 5.17 per unit . -LRB- 1 unit = Pk/20 . -RRB- '' is what the body says for this ad . This equals $ 25.85 according to my calculator . However this ad is charging $ 79.99 -LRB- plus $ 8.49 for s & h -RRB- . Let the buyer beware .
 I was disappointed to find these klein `` tools '' were not made in usa.just an FYI ... NOT MADE IN USA !
 The design of the trap is logical , but has proven to be ineffective for me . Gophers just push dirt over the trap before entering the baited area . No chance for the trap to work due to it being buried in dirt . Have baited the holes in an effort to get them to investigate instead of pushing the dirt . I have seen videos of this product on YouTube and they seem to work for them . Total bust for me .
 When mywooden handled cultivator was stolen I replaced it with this tubular steel model . The tubing is not nearly rigid enough for use in heavy soils.Go for a model with oak or ash handles . The optional slicing hoe does a great job .
 I never received the product and still have not had a refund issued . I have not received any information from anyone and had to file a complaint with the BBB .
 Last month I was hired as a merchandiser for a cola company where stocking shelves , building displays and rotating product whereas 12 and 24 packs of soda seems to be my main responsibility . It took only a day or two to realize that my bare hands were n't ideal for this line of work - so a search for gloves that markets itself with a good warehouse/packaging grip was in order . I figured Dewalt made quality tools -LRB- or so I heard -RRB- , accompanied with a few positive reviews about these gloves specifically led me to make the relatively cost-efficient purchase.After 1-2 weeks of use , I wanted to write a review to hopefully deter the next guy or gal from making this mistake . First of the , the small squares that apparently make up the palm grip of the glove are falling off . I would estimate that only half of them remain , giving the glove an appearance of being much older than they are . In fact , I 'm less concerned about the palm and more concerned about the ends of the fingers where i required the most grip for moving boxes . Frankly , I can not grip a case of soda very well at all with these gloves ; I would prefer not wearing gloves while performing my job duties rather than risking more dropped/broken cases if soda.I was skeptical that maybe the glossy finish of the cases of soda made it difficult for any glove to be worn . That was until a colleague of mine recommended a pair by RW -LRB- Rugged Wear -RRB- , similar in style yet does the job I was hoping for and as inferred by the brand name , the grip seems to be embedded into the glove -LRB- not glued on like the Dewalt counterpart -RRB- . The only reason , albeit a weak one , as to why I gave these gloves two stars instead of one is that I liked the cosmetic look of them and they seemed to fit well . I still use them when lifting pallets and whatnot , just general purpose work . Therefore they 're not completely worthless , just not what I hoped for and expected qualitatively .
 I work for a package delivery service . I ordered two pair . The first thing I noticed was the comfort . Very comfortable . The palm and fingers are covered with these little squares which give the gloves their tackiness . After the first day I noticed some of the squares had fallen off . Day two , many more had fallen off . By the end of the first week 80 % to 90 % of the squares were gone . The second pair has worn better . After two weeks , only 10 % to 20 % have come off . I like the the gloves . I do n't like having these little tiny squares all over the floor of my truck . I also would like the gloves to last much , much longer .
 These gloves were not what i expected at all ! I work with cardboard boxes all night and these were definitely not worth the money ! not a sticky or tacky grip from the start and the same night wearing them they lost all its gripness ! by the 2nd day it was just about all gone and were even more slippery ! i would stay away from these gloves if your seeking a good grip and something that will last a little longer !
 The device is simple to set up , and generally works great . However , it is always showing rain in the forecast even when its absolutely sunny outside and there .
 30 dollars for a chair and 159.00 for shipping ???? 203 pounds ???? I think the ad should be re written.The thing that is odd is that there are others out there in pretty much the same situation .
 I bought this thinking I could use it to clean my lanai . First , the product leaked at the hose end attachment , so I had to replace the washer with one that actually worked . Second , the pressure was really poor . It did n't clean any better than a typical garden sprayer . Third , I tried to make use of it for watering my plants , but my regular garden spray head had a farther reach on the `` jet stream '' mode . Finally , it broke and almost killed my husband at the same time after only four times I tried to use it . Basically what happened was that he had in the `` off '' position and then turned on the water full blast . There was a creaking noise , and then a sudden loud BANG , at which time the euroblaster blasted apart from the pressure . There were long sharp pieces of blue plastic that went flying everywhere and probably could have blinded my husband . I heard the bang which sounded like a gunshot , and my husband comes stumbling around the corner with blue plastic shards in his hair and stuck to his soaking wet shirt . He was momentarily deaf and seemed a little in shock . I went over to check the hose , and there were pieces everywhere . Even now after three weeks , I still am finding blue plastic bits in the yard.The package does not have any warranty or contact information on it , so I guess I lost out on 20 bucks . Do n't get this piece of junk .
 I do n't have much to say in this review , other than I attached my hose securely to the Euroblaster , had the switch in the `` off '' position , turned on the water and after a couple seconds of a creaking noise , there was a loud BANG , big shards of sharp plastic were sent flying in the air and in my face , a huge gush of water drenched me , and that was the end of the Euroblaster.Honestly , some stuff `` as seen on TV '' is actually good quality , but I can not stress enough what an unbelievable piece of JUNK this thing is , and darn well could have seriously injured me too , at which time I would have promptly sued its manufacturer . How convenient that Emson does not provide an email address to complain , so this thing is going back in the mail for a refund.Really , please do n't buy this thing and save yourself the headache .
 Does not fold . Flips over very easilly and is unstable . Heavy to tote around . Rusts even during proper , dry storage . It consists of 6 seperate hollow metal bars that snap into place . Getting them apart again is difficult if you do n't have great hand strength and impossible once the bars begin to rust . Ours went to the trash totally intact after 1 month because we could n't get it apart again . And we stored it in the garage after each use outside . The cloth nearly touches the ground even with a small 115lb person laying on it and the whole piece tips with just slight movement . Skip this cheap version . Buy the real `` folding '' hammock from your local outdoor or sports stores .
 This may or may not be a nice hammock . The product was shipped to me missing a part of the stand . I 'm in Baghdad and it did n't take long to ship , but I e-mailed the company about the missing piece the day I picked up the item . It 's been two weeks and I have n't heard anything back .
 It shows the temperature wrong . . and the product is so bad designed and poor built also ... I wish I could return this product but it 's not worth returning . .
 This does not work . Gets stuck in one reading -LRB- around 60 's -RRB- , never moves indoor/outdoor/fridge . Do n't buy this , instead the $ 1 thermometer from $ shop works fine !!
 I bought two thermometers and immediately noticed that they were not reading the same temperature . I proceeded to calibrate them with ice water - not that difficult . Not even a full 24 hours later , they were both reading . They also did not come with correct size screws for installation . Basically , this product is an utter waste of money . Do not buy .
 I bought two of these thermometers and they show different temperatures by several degrees . The tube in which the indicator fluid is can be moved up and down relative to the scale printed on the thermometer , so you can make it show any temperature you like.On the plus side , the scale is clearly printed and easily readable , not that it matters .
 I bought this thermometer recently . It does n't show above 68 -LRB- even when in the 80s -RRB- and below 60 . Have tried everything and nothing gets it to show correct temperature . Also , difficult to read . 3 times bigger than my little thermometer of > 20 years that broke and yet harder to read . Cost more to buy a padded envelope to return it than the cost of the thermometer -LRB- it came in an envelope not a box -RRB- . Also , as per other reviews the screw that come with it to hang it up is too big - after all this time you think they 'd fix that problem also . Not worth the money - not worth being given free -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . It just does n't work .
 I picked this for the price and size but the hanger on the back is too small for the screw provided .
 Ok , I got the items pretty fast . Opened the package and found the screw came with it is too big and the hole on the back of the thermometer is way too small to match in there . I had to find my own screws to hang them on the way.Cheap product and certainly you got what you pay for . Just hope it will actually work .
 There is a supposedly removable tab on the back to then screw to a wall and then mount the thermometer . The tab did not come out on mine and I had to cut it `` jerry rig '' to make the mount work . The thermometer probably works fine , but I recommend going with a different model unless you have your own nails or screws to mount with smaller heads because the one they provide is too big when the tab does not come off like expected and probably designed . I know , that was a run on sentence .
 I bought 3 of these earlier this week . All 3 broke when I tried getting the wall mount plate off .
 It 's nice and cheap . Unfortunately it is unclear how to mount the thing to the wall . There is a hole to put the screw through , but the little plastic mounting bracket refuses to detach from the thermometer , making it impossible to actually screw in .
 Regardless of real temperature , it does n't move much . Most of the time , it stays around 60 ~ 65 degrees . Eventually , I bought a digital one which is more accurate and sensitive .
 This thermometer is simple , inexpensive and lightweight . The problem is that the tube is held by two rubber rings and can slide freely if you push it a little bit by accident or if -LSB- big -RSB- kids play with it.The temperature given by my thermometer is now uncertain by something like 2F or 1C which is not good enough for measuring indoor temperature for most purposes.I would not recommend this item for indoor use . I guess it can be OK as an outdoor thermometer to get an idea of how bad the weather is , or if you own a reliable thermometer that you can use for recalibrating .
 This thermometer comes with a screw to mount it , but the plastic mount that the screw is meant to go into was stuck in the thermometer . When I tried to pull it out with a pair of pliers , it snapped in half . The plastic on this thing is kinda cheap , for for $ 2 , it 's hard to complain about it too much .
 First off let me say I really dont like the band Anti Flag but I do agree with their politics . I came to this page to look at the links for similiar bands hoping to find a band that sounds better but has similiar opinions . Anyway I was just glancing at the reviews and saw the one about Ray Reynolds . It says quote
 So many punk bands have been going away from there punk roots . I never thought Anti-Flag would . But after this album i am starting to think that they are . This album is nothing like Anti-Flag 's old stuff . If you like Sum 41 , Mxpx and Simmple Plan buy this cd . But if you 're all for the old Anti-Flag stuff and loved there previous albums do n't waste your money . The only thing i like about this cd is Anti-Flag 's political statements to the American government . I 'm disapointed . I 'm going to see Anti-flag in January and I do n't know if I will enjoy the show as much as I would of . There are some ok songs but still a really weak album .
 Finally , some people can see what this band is -LRB- and always has been in my opinion -RRB- ... a complete joke . You cant call these guys a band , just some idiots that like to tell people why they dont like anyone in authority . These guys never have , and never will be punk , just another lame attempt to spread the message of oppression and its consequences , not realising it was done 25 years ago.Pick up anything from Black Flag or Bad religion instead , they have something new to offer .
 I used to be into Anti-Flag . Ah , I remember those days . What a pity , then , that I discovered indie rock and left this sort of garbage behind . I do not dislike Anti-Flag because I am a conservative -LRB- ugh ! banish the thought ! -RRB- ; I dislike Anti-Flag because they are terrible . Want some real punk
 THIS STUFF IS GARBAGE ! BUSH RULES ! DEMOCRATS SUCK ! THE WAR IN IRAQ WAS RIGHT ! BUSH WON IN 2000 ! GET OVER IT ! WHO WOULD EVER LISTEN TO THIS CRAP ! IT IS AN ABSOLUTE WASTE OF TIME ! LIBERALS SUCK ! JOIN THE REPUBLICAN REVOLUTION , AND VOTE BUSH IN 2004 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I 'll fellow Natalie Maine 's statement
 I saw an interview on TV with these guys , and they were saying that in the process of preparing for this album they wrote 50-that 's fifty-songs . Well there 's a ` red ' flag right there , because you know what that really means is they basically came up with ten versions of the same five songs they 've been writing since they got together . 50 tunes-why is n't this thing a double album at least ? They sound like they spend considerably more time on scanning leftist websites and protest pamphlets looking for ideas than on real songwriting . Oh , and what a surprise , SKA songs ! Even more generic ! You 're better off with Britney Spears or Bon Jovi , those people are more honest about who and what they are . These guys want more turmoil and more bloodshed going on in the world , as long as it 's not theirs , so they can have something to write about . If things got better people like this would be lost .
 Alright , I went a little easy on A.F.I. I will shorten this review . I 'm old school , not like your neighbor old school but real CBGB Ramones , Clash , Misfits , Dead Kennedys old school . This is not good . The vocals are terrible . Someone in another review said it sounds like a kid getting a shot . I would agree and add a really small kid with a really big needle . No , no , no , no , this is sad . Political geniuses , HA . How about money making machines ? Sounds better to me . I do n't care what way you lean on politics or religion this is not good . It 's somewhere in between the whine factor of Rage Against the Machine and the pop of Blink 182 , one more time , not good . Do not let this group lead political punk . Get London Calling by the Clash . Get anything by Crass . Get anything that even sounds political . Get George W. Bush rapping . I do n't care just do n't believe that this is real punk . Have I mentioned , it is terrible ? My nephew had this cd along with 12 other new punk groups . This is not a joke and I do not condone this but I took this from him and bought him a copy of London Calling , while he was singing London Calling , I played garbage truck calling and tossed this .
 Ok , the jokes on us right ? The singer sounds like a 5 year old getting a shot . Anti-Flag ? What an original name , bet it took longer to think it up then it did to make this album . Someone said this band is more political then the Dead Kennedys . That is like saying that AFI is darker then the Misfits . These new bands calling themselves punk are a joke . One right after the other trying so hard to be the next Backstreet Boys , America 's pop icons or whatever . This is just more cookie-cutter pop putrid music calling itself punk .
 ah , anti-flag . every rebellious 13 year olds ' favorite band , until they grow up and listen to real punk or they grow out of rebellion altogether . I remember getting mobolize in 8th grade along with half of my other grade and thinking how `` anti-establishment '' i was being . well , it 's been a few years now and i can say this about anti-flag , they suck big time . i know everyone is going to mark `` not helpful '' under my review cause anti-flag are their heroes but just hear me out . these guys are not part of the punk scene , peaceful or otherwise , just as sum 41 , blink 182 , the unseen , bad religion and the casualties are n't . and neither are the kids who listen to any of the above bands exclusively . this is what i 've noticed reading these reviews . people who know about punk rock get yelled at by kids who think they 're true political punk rockers who follow in anti-flag 's footsteps . the same kids calling themselves real punks only sit alone at home listening to against me ! cds and scanning their local venues ' website for news of anti-flag/rise against/nofx tours . yeah , so punk rock . how about you get something started . give a call to monster squad and book them at a smaller local venue and flyer everywhere in your city to support them . try to raise money for the bands who drove in their own cars and have to earn enough for gas and money . bands like anti-flag , however , come in on their tour buses and support nothing . they just spout politic rhetoric that kids will paint on their jackets and flaunt about to make adults mad . not to mention their music is pretty awful . oh yeah , and the whole `` we 're anti-corporations but we 're on RCA records '' thing . and if you 're gon na say that they 're trying to bring their message to a wider audience , stop fooling yourself . my friend listened to their message in 8th grade and agreed with it for a year , but now he 's a drug dealer who hates black people . anti-flag 's music really changed someone 's point of view there , did n't they ?
 Once again we have here a horrible band with a horriblemessage . It 's bad enough that anti-flag has to torture uswith extremely bad music , but the pro-communist propagandacrap just makes me sick . Here are two suggestions :1 . learn how to play2 . and for god 's sake , if you do n't like this country , thenplease get the hell out of here ... please
 Why would anyone listen to this crap ? How anti-American can a group of white guys be ? This country gives them everything and all they do is complain about how bad it is . If they hate it so much , why dont they just go somewhere else ? We would be way better off without them . Last time I checked , not everything about America is bad . Being political should n't mean being anti-American but thats what this band makes it seem like . Anti-Flag should just get on a plane , fly to Ahfganistan and join the damn Taliban just to get their revenge on the US , the country that took everything from them and made them so miserable . Yeah right . I think they just complain to get attention . I understand that there are some bad things about this country . No country is perfect but to fill up every minute of every one of their cds complaining about it is a waste of time . I laugh at garbage like them .
 Alot of people do n't know this , but ANTI-FLAG is a CONSERVATIVE band . They love President George W Bush and you know it . If you listen to the song that says `` you got to die for your Goverment like S # $ T '' -LRB- not on this particular album -RRB- . Now at first impression we would think that they are actually accusing our goverment of shamefully murdering its own citizens -LRB- like it would have any reason to want to do that -RRB- , which is shocking , right ? Wrong ! thats not what they were trying to say ! Rather they intended to teach us how liberalism is wrong because its basically ignorance ! Of course theres no good justification of murder , but killing in war is done for a more noble cause . By not making that distinction , Anti-Flag has showed us how close minded Americans can be towards war . `` Becuase I suffer , therefore it must be wrong '' says the average liberal American . But by merely restating this opinion Anti-Flag shows how this causes a harmful attitude . Oh that Anti-Flag , they really pulled one over on me -LRB- silly jokers -RRB- . Now what they realy intended to do is to teach us what is bad by their OWN EXAMPLE !!! Conservatism is loosing its voice despite what people actually think . Its about time for someone to speak up for the lives of our soldiers in Iraq , do n't you ? And Who better than Anti-Flag . I think kids can look up to a good band like Anti-Flag . After all , President George W Bush likes them as well , and hese another great role model . -LRB- No but seriously In case you havnt figured I 'm conservative and i think anti-flag is lame and stupid -RRB- AND YES I HAVE HEARD THIS ALBUM IN ITS ENTIRETY !!!! P.S. I really would n't be surprised if president Bush had Anti-Flag on his Ipod . As a conservative I 'm confronted with many opposing views in the music I listen to , but I continue to listen anyways . I do n't listen to music just so I can hear oppinions that I agree with . In this case however , Anti-Flag is lame cause it 's so simple minded . Every single song on this album is about how evil George W Bush . Frankly , I just hate it when bands refuse to have3 any diversity in their topics . Thats not to say polotics ca n't be discussed . The Clash is a great example of good politcal rock music .
 Anti-flag is a joke , mindless anti-republican BS . I hardly see how any of the albums this band has ever produced can be viewed as either music or respectable political commentary . If a day comes when the political position of this band can be taken seriously , all politics are at an end .
 anti-flag has become such a major disappointment . its the standard story of the anti-fascists becoming fascists . they force their oppinion down your throat , and if you dont completely agree , you 're just a republican . screw that , where 's the middle ground ? what happened to presenting the facts and letting someone decide what to do with it ? instead they TELL you what to do and what to think . what makes them better than today 's government ? also ... what are they doing for the scene ? complaining . go listen to bad religion , at least they 're doing something . you dont see anti-flag holding essay contests to help kids get money for college . stop complaining and go do something about it .
 Well , Anti-Flag has done it again - that is , put out another insulting album dedicated to the far left 's cause . Being extremely liberal myself , Anti-Flag and their fans should take this review as a serious insult . The lyrics are terrible . Wait , seriously , before you pass this review off as another cliched insult of Anti-Flag , hear me out ... Anti-Flag honestly writes lyrics like those you may find in a rebellious fifth grader 's diary or something . Whatever . Listen to the Broadways for an actually good emotional and socio-political band . Their lyrics are extremely well-written , clever , and are not `` in your face - our beliefs are better than yours '' propaganda . Again , I am very liberal , but honestly who needs someone else 's opinion shoved down their throat ? That 's not punk , that 's sheep in a barn dude !
 I owned this album , the explicit version , and as much as I hate cursing and ect and ect ... I think its kind of a contradiction that they 'd sell an edited -LRB- clean -RRB- version of this CD . Think about it . They speak out against censorship of the press , yet they have no shame in censoring their own music . Now , I personally do n't buy into Anti-Flag 's message , so If I had the choice I would probably get this over their explicit version . I meen , hey , ultimately its the music that counts . I just think the band though , is being kind of shallow in expressing their already shallow opinion .
 You wan na listen to a REAL political punk band?Pick up some music by a band called Skrewdriver .
 I bought this thinking it would look very nice like the one in the picture but it looks bad , the details are horrible , it 's missing the 2 stars on the sides , the words are small compared tom the picture , the eagle looks like it has a bullet through its eye . The colors are not the Air Force colors , the patch is more of a baby blue and the yellow is more of a highlighter yellow . Overall not satisfied at all .
 All 4 burners rust out within 2 years and are not covered under warranty .
 Like most Brinkmann products , you 'll probably enjoy this grille when you first get it . Looks nice , cooks OK . But then , after a couple of years , something might go wrong -- and you 'll discover the nearly complete lack of support ... 1 . It is almost impossible to find Brinkmann parts other than their website . Forget about going down to Lowe 's .2 . Be prepared for at least a 15-30 minute wait on the phone through October , even mid-morning on a Monday ; slightly less if you avoid the toll-free line and call direct .3 . Customer service reps may or may not return phone calls , and may or may not provide accurate information regarding part availability .4 . Customer service reps may take your email address but forget to add it to your record if you order a replacement part , which means they ca n't contact you .5 . Burners are not covered under warranty .6 . Response to an email -- if it happens -- could take three to five days.Save your money . Look elsewhere .
 I have a Brinkmann 4415 , and I can echo the other complaints out there - mine was good for a few years , but if something happens ... . Although I have kept it covered for the entire time it was not in use , I have lots of rust in the interior parts . Now , it 's like a blowtorch . I called Brinkmann to figure out what was wrong and order new parts , but could n't get through . Emailed , but no response so far , and I 've been waiting about 2 weeks . I woudl stay away .
 Mine has broken 3 or 4 times . From my calls to customer service , it appears that this is very common . I went to smoke some pulled pork this morning and it just gave me ANOTHER error message . I rarely smoke foods but when I do , I want my smoker to work . This thing breaks down all the time . I would n't take another one if you GAVE it to me !!! What a piece of junk !
 I owned this smoker . It worked well for the first few times then the pellets would not feed properly . The problem is a build up of material in the pellet feed track . It will not clean off and prevents the feeding of the next pellet . The company sent me three new feeder units at no cost . Each worked the same way . Fine for the firsrt few times then the same problem . I also used the weights in the tube to help the feeding process . Did not work . I love the company but not the product .
 This has been the worst thing I have ever bought . I have replaced the heat rod 4 times in less than 2 years -LRB- I only use it once a month at most -RRB- and now the automatic feeder has stopped working . I have to take it apart and clean it out every time before I use it . It stays on a covered porch and I keep it covered when not in use . I would not recommend this thing to anyone !
 This is a very slick little unit with a digital temperature control and automatic smoke generator , using a wood chip biscuit feeder . Technically it should be hands off . More on that later.It is made in the Orient and resembles one of those small inexpensive refrigerators complete with plastic trim . The interior is lined with very thin gauge Stainless Steel , and has 4 thin gauge racks . It is fairly light weight especially without the smoke generator attached . Assembly was fairly straight forward and is easy to move around.The smoke generator uses lightly packed disks consisting of small wood chips . These are distributed by Bradley in various wood types . The smoke generator heats them individually on a small plate until they smoke . After 20 minutes another is indexed into place , pushing the used up bisquette as a blackened disk into a water tray , just short of rendering it to ashes . A tubular magazine holds enough bisquettes to last for many many hours.The main issue I have with it is it 's very poor temperature control . The key to smoking meat is to keep the temperature low and slow . This unit struggles with that , deviating considerably from the set temperature , specifically going higher . There is a 500W heating element in the smoke tower that comes on once the thermostat drops 10 degrees below the set temperature . The actual temperature in the smoke tower rises rapidly once the heater comes on but the thermostat lags way behind , allowing the actual temperature to rise well above what is desired . The temperature could be some 40 degrees or more above the thermostat reads . This is an especially serious problem if you are using a sugar based rub , because it will start to burn above 240 to 250F . Not to mention the fact that the meat will cook too rapidly.Also being that the smoke tower has so little mass there is n't much to hold the heat , so opening the door to check on the status or baste causes the temperature to drop rapidly.The other issue I have is that after 3 hours of smoking , I was surprised to see that the meat showed little evidence of smoking . The taste was there somewhat but seemed weak.In my final analysis I would say you get what you pay for . Conceptually it has a lot to offer , and it 's design seems very well thought out , but in practice falls short . With just a little more effort in the way of a better thermostat it would be immensely better . Also I 'm not convinced it needs a 500W heater , it 's possible a 250W unit could keep up and improve heat versus thermostat control.Update
 Note , comments relate to the 6-rack digital but I believe are largely applicable to all the Bradley SmokersI was really excited to get this product and spent over a year trying to get it to work . After a year and a bunch of research I came to the conclusion that the product is crap . You are welcome to do your own research but I think what you will find is that this product is very easy to use . However , the ease of use comes at the cost of a smoker that does an unsatisfactory job of actually smoking . As you know the key to good smoking is maintaing conistant heat and the Bradley is simply not designed to do this.My list of issues are as follows :1 -RRB- The six rack smoker has the same heating element as the four rack smoker . So while it is significanlty larger it has no more power than the smaller model . I believe its heating element is only like 500 watts and I believe my wifes hair dryer has more power than that .2 -RRB- The heating element in the smoker is way underpowered for the six rack unit -LRB- and I suspect the four rack one as well -RRB- . It takes over an hour to heat up to 200 degrees and then drops way down when you open it up to put the food in and takes well in excess of another hour to get back up to tempeture . It was so under powered that I would just leave the unit set at its highest setting , like 300 degrees , and I do not think I ever got the unit up past 250 degrees . Since it was so underpowered it took very long cook so that towards the end of my use with it , after the smoke had set , I would take the food out and put it on the gas barbque at 250 degrees to finish off .3 -RRB- Owing to the design every time you have to open the unit to check on the food you loss all of the heat -LRB- i.e. there is no effective heat sink -RRB- which then takes for ever heat up . Think about it , to service the unit you have to open the door competely allows all the heat to escape .4 -RRB- the design of the heating element creates hot spots along the back of unit and it is significanly hotter at the bottom than it is at the top . Bradley themselves recommend rotating the racks front to back and top to bottom to get an even cooking . This means you need to open the door which allows all the heat to escape .5 -RRB- the digital thermostat is located just above the heating element so it reads high . The spread between the tempeture reading on the digital unit and one taken manually from the top of the unit is like 30 degrees .6 -RRB- the digital thermostat has like a 20 degree varience between starting and stoping when it is at tempature . Do research , I read that people recommend buying the orginal and an after market digital thermostat which is far superiour and overall cheaper than buying the digital Bradley .7 -RRB- An electric smoker will not give you a smoke ring . The smoke ring comes from a chemical reaction related to the carbon burning off from charcol or wood . The smoke ring is a sign of good smoked food.My reasoning for giving it 2 stars is because the smoke generator works wonderfully well.The cons in my humble opinion so far out weight the pro 's that a cheap guy like me gave the Bradley away . Spending almost $ 500 on a smoker to dump it becasue it does not do a good job hurts , expecially when all of the issues that I listed above are well documented on the net and I failed to do the detailed research before hand.Rather than trying to modify the Bradley to try to get it to work I decided to buy a Weber Smokey Mountain . While WSM is lacking the electronics it is wonderful to use . It maintins the heat like an oven , I actually can not believe how fast it heats up and how long it will maintain a constant tempeture without any adjustment . There is lots of support for the WSM on the internet and I really do not see it being any harder to use . Personally , I also like the idea of cooking with charcoal , it just adds to the mistique of smoking food and impresses the neighbors.This product in my mind is just a gimmick which produces an unsatisfactory product . Please , do yourselves a favour and read the Bradley sites on the net and you will see all of the issue I mention above are documented and the modifications people are doing to deal with heat and tempeture issues . Knowledge is power .
 Overview
 We purchased the Bradley Digital 4 Rack Smoker in June 2011 . I bought this for use at my lake cabin and we only got to use it 6 or 7 times before it starting having problems keeping the tempurature up . I thought maybe it was because it was starting to get colder outside ; this was early October cool but not cold . I left it in the garage the next time I wanted to use it at Thanksgiving ; the digital readouts , oven temperature , smoking tempurature would not light up and start heating . The puck advancer worked fine but nothing else . We do not use or abuse our stuff , pretty light use if you ask me.None of the materials used are high quality at all ; cheap plastic trim , poor heating element , very thin walls inside the smoker . The digital temperature box must not be very high quality either.Called Bradley up and of course , this is after the year warranty was up ; they would not stand behind their product . Of course , they told me I could send the unit to them to look over and it would cost me for the shipping , repairs and shipping back to me.Never again , do n't buy anthing from Bradley ... it is quite simply junk .
 The smoker works by advancing small wood-chip pucks onto a heating element . But the advancing mechanism gets stuck because the tar or other sticky stuff build up seems to jam to mechanism so you get 20 minutes of smoke . If you want more smoke , you have to go and tend to the smoker and insert another wood puck manually , which defeats the purpose of buying an electric smoker . And the heating element is barely enough to smoke the wood . It has never gotten hot enough cook anything .
 This smoker came with a defective feeder that was feeding a smoke disk every 20 seconds or so . I called the manufacturer and they quickly replaced it with a new one . Good customer care in that department . But after several uses I found that in colder weather the unit will not maintain the temperatures needed to properly cook meat . Even dead in the middle of summer there is never a smoke ring and the flavor of the meat I have cooked in this unit does not measure up to a real smoker . I use it for ribs and pulled pork but that 's about it . I do not recommend this smoker .
 I bought my bradley smoker in April had nothing but problems with it , it never worked right . The company keeps sending me parts to replace , but it still does n't work , they refuse to send me another one so I threw it out and bought a Masterbuilt now I am happy
 plastic breaks ... hinges fail ... i have `` rebuilt '' this albatross twice ... nexti am going to rivet in the door , with external door hinges , as the upper and lower hinges are toast ... this a very cool piece of crap ... however iton occasion produces some very good Q. ... Bradly ... if you WOULD like a 2nd opinion from me please feel free to call...saturnious@yahoo.com ... otherwise , your name is definately up onANGIES LIST
 Bradley Digital Smoker 4 RackWhen it works it does a good job . My first generator lasted 3 smokes before it died . They sent me a new one which was used twice . Tonight I went to my garage to preheat it and it was dead as could be.Even when it works the feeder mechanism can jam very easily . A large brisket or pork butt requires anywhere from 12 to 16 hours to cook . The Bradley timer only goes up to 9 hours . Go figure.I just ordered a Weber Smokey Mountain Charcoal Smoker which does an incredible job at a fraction of the price and without the problems , after all charcoal does n't break . Bradley require expensive custom wood pucks - which cost about one dollar per hour of smoke . A brisket needs at least 6 hours of good smoke , so thats 6 dollars just for Bradley wood.I will try to sell it on Ebay if Bradley sends a new smoke generator - if not I will junk it , lick my wounds and wish a bought a Weber to begin with .
 I loved my new smoker when it was working . Whole chicken , prime rib and hot salmon were awesome . Unfortunately , it only lasted 6 smokes and the heater quit working .
 Got together just in time for Thanksgiving . Having about 40 folks over . Big families . Lit it up and it worked for less than an hour before the heating element went poof ! Buy American . This is cheaply made junk ! The heating element is a joke . Many of the screws do n't match up including the plug attachments for the plugins . Up late having to scramble to get meats cooked . Do yourself a favor and do NOT buy this product . Happy for the folks that have one that works . Destroyed my Turkey Day prep . Happy Thanksgiving all .
 I have used my Bradley Digital Smoker twice now with great results . I would recommend it to anyone ! Great price also .
 I 'm very disappointed with the digital aspect of this smoker . Oven set temp and oven readout were usually 40 degrees off . I purchased a separate thermometer to compare what it would read compared to the oven readout on the smoker and it read 30 degrees hotter than the oven read out . Do n't waste your money on the digital version.Support from Bradley basically told me I would have to learn how this smoker works . Too bad they do n't say that up front , I could have saved $ 100 and bought the basic model .
 In the winter time I started noticing a large discrepancy between the temperature stated on the radio and this thermometer . I brought it inside and put it in the refrigerator with a known accurate thermometer . At 40 degrees farenheit it was off by 3 degrees . I then put it in the freezer and at 0 degrees farenheit , it was 6 degrees off.At room temperature the temp is within 1 degree -LRB- acceptable -RRB- . I have not checked the error with temperatures over room temperature .
 I have had this for over a week and changed mounted locations a few times in my yard and still it does not record properly .
 Many other reviews said that these thermometers were consistent but that was not my experience . Sitting side by side , the temperature readings varied by an average of 8 degrees in various places . Two of them were usually about 2 degrees apart , but the other was normally about 6 degrees from the others . Very disappointed and will be returning .
 I do n't know why it is getting good reviews . I got it a week ago and the temp always stays around 70 ` F. Even when the boiler broke and the room temp went down to 40 ' F -LRB- it was 24 ' F outside -RRB- . Maybe I got the defective one , I do n't know.Quality wise , it is kind of flimsy . Metal bracket is n't that strong but I think it is good enough to hold the thermometer .
 This item was poorly made and did not work . I understand that you get what you pay for , and the cheaply made aspect would n't be so bad ... if it had worked at all . No matter what , it seemed to think it was in the 60 's in my house . Which is n't accurate , * in the middle of summer * when my thermostat says it is between 70-80 in here.I bought three of these - two for different areas inside the house , and one for outside . I returned them all , and was only credited for two . I 'm not sure why they did not see fit to give me a full credit .
 This thermometer is useless as it registers about 10 degrees above the real temperature . Kind of defeats the purpose of having it .
 This thermometer can not be read unless you stand 1 foot away and move around until you get a glimpse of the red mercury column.For an outside thermometer to be read from inside , hopeless !
 This thing arrived in a box with many other items and all were completely fine , except the thermometer . It seems as it if shipped broken because there is no damage to the box at all.ot worth it to return it and get another . Will just buy locally .
 I installed the bracket on a porch post so I could see it through a window . Viewing distance was about ten feet and that is a bit too far to easily read the temperature . To best see the red line you also have to view from a fairly small range of angles . Viewing straight on the red line kinda disappears , at least from a distance . Anyway , after getting the bracket installed I noticed the red line was all broken up at the top . I then saw that the glass tube was cracked , I tossed it and got a digital .
 I wanted a reasonably accurate thermometer for normal outdoor temperature range in NY . A range of 32-100 would be nice . This thermometer -LRB- I bought 2 -RRB- will not do it . The glass tube is attached to the plastic with 2 small rubber washers . It is held with friction . If there was any glue it was gone . It can be easily slid up or down and will probably be in some random position when you receive it . As you slide it , you change the reading as there are no marks on the glass itself.If it was just that design , I could accept it . I planned to set it at 32 by putting it into icewater and sliding it into position . When I did that and took it up to room temperature -LRB- 80F -RRB- , it was off by 10 degrees -LRB- reading 70 -RRB- . If I adjust it to 80 and put it back into the ice bath , it reads 40 . I compared it to a food thermometer which read properly at both temperatures.If I was interested in a single temperature , I might get some use out of it , like inside a freezer , but it is delicate and likely to break in that situation and contaminate food , so it is not good for that either . It is meant to be attached to a window frame or somewhere outside and it can not give an accurate reading over normal seasonal range . I suppose you could make a new label but then you are making your own thermometer . The plastic is not firmly attached to the metal frame either and I suspect it can fall out in the wind.Really , the mercury thermometer has been around since 1714 , this is not rocket science . 10 degrees variation over a 48 degree range is about 20 % . That is completely useless . Do not buy this product .
 It was inexpensive . It came promptly . The bracket is a nice feature and went up easily . I suppose I have no complaints except that the thermometer is very inaccurate . I live where it is very cold in the winter . Stretches of 20 and 30 below for weeks . The thermometer was consistently about 11 to 12 degrees off . For instance , 8 below zero would register as 4 above . Oh well , it was made in China . If you want an accurate thermometer , you are going to have to do some research and then pay for quality .
 Not sure how a simple thermometer can be so off , but this one definitely is . Reads 10-25 degrees higher than actual temp outdoors -LRB- and no , it 's not in the sun -RRB- , and when I brought it inside , it read around 10 degrees cooler ?! Wish I could return it but for $ 5 , it 's not worth it . Bottom line
 We bought two and are returning both . Thermometers are inaccurate by more than 15 degrees and the mercury wands are glued inside so they can not be re-calibrated . Less important but still annoying
 The Squirrel and Raccoon version of this Get Away product proved totally worthless . I followed the product directions to the letter . It actually attracted more squirrels and chipmunks to the feeder , did not deter raccoons from `` raiding '' the feeder , and less birds were attracted to the feeder and the surrounding mulched area . Besides that , I ruined a pair of pants since the liquid irreparably stained them when a gust of wind blew a few drops back at me . I took a chance on purchasing this product because of its promised effect even though I found no reviews of it here or elsewhere . Now others will have at least a bit of guidance .
 Oil pump is plastic junk & requires complete removal of the engine to replace . My pump failed after 8 hours of use.Also the choke control protrudes & catches on clothing & shuts down saw . I have two other , larger Makitachain saws & love them ... I think the second team engineers must have designed this one ...
 I chose this saw because it was listed as being 8.2 pounds in the description . When I received it , the box had the weight of the saw listed as being 10.3 pounds . That doses n't seem like much of a discrepancy but I was expencting 8.2 pounds . I am a grandma of almost 70 years and the extra weight makes a difference . The saw can not be returned and therefore I am out over $ 200 .
 I was unfortunate in getting a saw which failed on the first usage.The auto stop mechanism jammed on after 10 minutes and is now permanently locked rendering the item useless.Worse still , this is an item Amazon have deemed to be ` non returnable ' ; I have therefore lost all my money.The only recommendation I can make is to buy this saw from a reputable dealer , which in this instance is clearly not Amazon.In fact , in light of this experience I would strongly recommend anyone to study any and all item terms VERY carefully and not buy ANY ITEM from Amazon which can not be returned.Regardless of any initial perceived saving/s , the potential losses vastly outweigh any small savings on such items.It would even seem safer to use Ebay , where you have the possibility of some recourse on faulty items , using Amazon on ` non returnable ' items has the potential to cost you dearly.In this instance my opinion is `` buy Amazon = buy twice '' - and as already said , my suggestion
 I 've always used Unicel filters for my pool and was thrilled to find it thru Amazon.com for $ 49.78 -LRB- pool store charges $ 66 -RRB- . Took about 9 days to finally receive it only to find out it was a Pleatco . By then my pool was in pretty bad shape so I decided it was probably similiar . Do n't be fooled - it 's an inferior product . Chlorine kept the water blue but the filter made the water cloudy . Spent $ 17 on clarifier , no help . Ended up buying a Unicel at the pool store . What a waste of time & money .
 Item shipped was a Pleatco PA90 , not a Unicel C-8409 . Bait and Switch!Hayward Star-Clear Plus C-900 , Sta-Rite PXC-95 open w/molded gasket - Pleatco PA90 , Unicel C-8409 , Filbur FC-1292
 I did not read the last review and should have . I searched for Unicel and finally found it here so i thought . DID NOT GET A UNICEL.WIll never buy from them agaiin
 Do yourself a favor and read all the other reviews for this product from this vendor . You will see that they sell a Unicel , but ship a Pleatco , which is an inferior filter . I thought , `` surely the other reviewers must be mistaken ; if they list on Amazon , the seller must be competent enough to ship the product they advertise . '' Turns out the other reviews were right on the money - bait and switch ! If Amazon continues to allow `` Sellers '' to do this , they will ruin their good name with loyal customers.Just know that you are not always going to get what you order from this seller .
 I was expecting to receive Unicel C-8409 filter cartridge but to my surprise I received a Pleatco one . Communication with merchant was excellent and they promptly accepted the return .
 It 's a great idea , but needs some work . It looks great , and the features are all wonderful . . but you do n't get to appreciate them because the base is so light . As soon as the water is turned on , it falls over backward . I got more water on myself than my lawn . I finally gave up and got out my $ 10 sprinkler . Next time -LRB- I have n't given up yet -RRB- , I 'll try and place the legs in bricks or something else to hold it down . It 's definetly more trouble than it 's worth ... but I already spent all that money on it , so I 'll try and get some use out of it .
 The idea behind the tripod base is a good one . However , except for the tripod base itself , the rest of the workmanship and performance is poor . I would have given this a zero star rating if possible.The female hole that the sprinkler head screws into is tapped too deep . This causes the trip lever on the sprinkler head to drag , stopping rotation . My sprinkler would only rotate clockwise , refusing to return when it hit it 's stop.The sprinkler head itself leaks almost as much water from the mounting stem as it sprays out of the sprinkler head . I called Orbit for a replacement sprinkler head , which according to them was `` improved ' . Well , this one did spray a bit better and did return at the end of each rotation , but leaked as much , if not more , water from the stem as the original.I fixed the problem by replacing the brass made in China trash sprinkler head with an all plastic Rainbird unit . This performs flawlessly , has better coverage and a finer spray . It is , without doubt , what Orbit copied when they made their sprinkler head . In this case , imitation was not flattery in any way.So now I have a tripod sprinkler which does operate as it should , does n't leak , but cost me $ 20 to replace the sprinkler head with one that works.The tripod is a good idea , but figure on spending at least $ 20 to replace the junk sprinkler head that comes with it.To sum it up in a few words ... typical Chinese trash .
 great tripod , though sprinkler head is poor quality . i have two of these tripods and have replaced heads on both .
 The idea behind this product is sound , and the key innovation -- the tripod -- works nicely . But the sprinkler head itself was defective . Fortunately , it 's a stock type , so I was able to cannabalize the head from another sprinkler I had around the house . But talk about getting the hard part right and then tripping over the easy part !
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . This sprinkler will fail on you in less than a season . I purchased two from a local retailer . They were each over $ 40 . I kept one unopened in the event that the first one failed in a year or two . I did not expect to have it start malfunctioning in less than 6 weeks and completely fail in 2 months . Furthermore , I made multiple attempts to reach the company and they NEVER responded . Orbit Irrigation needs to close its doors , as they are a terrible company with an inferior product . I wish I could offer an alternative , but if I can save one person from throwing away their money on this product , I will feel some relief .
 Previous reviewers have noted my complaints -- it stops turning after a short period -LRB- for me a matter of minutes -RRB- . Requires strong water pressure to get it to start moving . Seeds of Change warehouse sale page offers this item for much less .
 The tripod portion works well but the sprinkler head is junk . After just 2 weeks it stopped rotating when under pressure .
 I thought I had a great range sprinkler ... but as most others have pointed out it wo n't return when trying to use the partial circle feature . I have NOTHING else running , and I have city water !!! The tripod is good , just like a camera tripod ... . good reach , if you just want to water in a circle!Based on teh age of other reviews , I guess they have n't fixed the problem ! It was $ 37.50 at Home Depot ... and will be going back !
 ***** DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ***** This is a very cheap product , plastic parts break-off fast , does not work as described at all . I could n't even use it for one time .
 An excellent design easy to set up BUT without super duper water pressure this sprinler just wo n't work . I tried and tried . Sent it back .
 I was very disaponinted with this product . The tripod is wonderful but the sprinkler worked for about 30 min . and quit . I will return these . I purchased 4 with high hopes . After the first one quit I hooked up the second one . Within 15 minutes it quit working . Yes I checked my water pressure . I have in ground sprinkler system and it workes fine , plenty of pressure to run 10 heads threw 6 zones .
 Great tripod . Poor plumbing . Very cheap sprinkler got stuck every time.China Junk . I sent it back .
 This sprinkler is complete garbage . Claims you can adjust to 360 degrees and you ca n't . There is no instructions on how to adjust this china garbage . The idiot 1-800 number is worthless as the people have bankers hours and if you do n't have a party extension # you get no-one . If you guess , you get a fax line . Typical piece of chinese garbage . Nothing with a hole in it .
 I too bought this product and found it to be a total waste of money ... it does n't even get within 10 degs of actual temperature and no calibration adjustments anywhere . I would never buy a product from this company again
 2 weeks after putting it in my pool , it had water inside the display and was giving erroneous readings . Do n't waste your $ on this .
 The themometer is USELESS and Amazon should eliminate it . Neither the description or package give performance details such as temp range , response time and accuracy . It takes about 5 minutes to change temp and then is about 10 degrees off !
 This gadget never worked . Changed the new , free , batteries it came with , and still nothing .
 This is not a very good product . Temp . is not accurate and after 3 weeks in my pool , water got inside it and it stopped working . Even without the water it never gave you the right Temp . I am only sorry I did not read reviews before I purchased it .
 Not sure if we just got a bad one from the lot but after 2 weeks in the pool it started reading 115 degrees , would fade in and out and never worked correctly again . I did not contact the vendor so can not comment on customer services .
 This Hydro Tools 9250 SpaThermometer lasted about two or three weeks and then ended up getting all fogged up and now does not function . It reads about 4 degress too low . I would classify it as junk . Caveat Emptor!http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000P6DHJA/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 worked ok for about two weeks then got moisture in the display and quit working . Has a blank screen .
 left it in the 65 degree F pool the day I purchased it and next morning the thermometer said it was 88F ... very bad product
 The item does not have a good seal at all to keep water out . It shorted out within the first week . Threw it in the trash !! Waste of $ $
 Do not waste your money on this item . I bought it for the big display , it seemed to have a good reading but today its dead , it did not last 3 weeks . Also the bottom piece was loose , I had to wrap teflon tape around the unit for it to stay . Battery compartment is flimsy . The second I held the thermometer , I could tell it was not gong to last .
 I bought this despite 1 star average because I had a prior dirt devil that looked just like this morphologically and it lasted for 2 years.Product immediately developed condensation inside housing.Calibration is off by 6-8C . It is showing 89C pool water as we speak . This is Minnesota and I heat the pool to 80-82 . Update
 Agree Amazon should not sell this piece of junk . Took on water the first week , no display . While trying to dry it out , it became too late to return . The one time I neglected to check the reviews -LRB- what could go wrong ? -RRB- , I got burned . Learned my lesson !
 Thought this was a great idea ... but after two days in the water the Temperature window fogged up , making it almost impossible to read .
 The temp seems fairly accurate , but the device leaks and the display is always `` foggy '' ... I would return it , but that takes time .
 I purchased 2 of these . Both of them broke after a couple weeks in the hot tub . They just are n't built to withstand heat and wet at the same time .
 Within one month of using this Pool/Spa Thermometer , water began to condense inside the glass . Shortly after that , it stopped working completely . You expect a product that is designed to float in water to be waterproof . I am quite disappointed .
 This thermometer did n't even last a week before water leaked into it . The display became foggy and then it would n't even give a valid temperature .
 More plastic for the landfill site . Worked for approx 2 weeks before the moisture worked its way into the display . Unit was placed in a indoor pool with no weather exposure . Should have believed the reviews and saved the money .
 The thermometer was used in our hot tub . It lasted about a month . It went dead , with no information at all . We thought maybe it was the batteries . Changed them , still no joy . Would not buy another . Only consolation is that I am not alone in being taken by this company .
 I 'm on my 2nd one . First one , within 2 days filled with water and the LCD temperature screen went blank . It was replaced with another brand new one , which lasted about 2 weeks . The new one is now stuck on 30 degrees . Really guys ... how freakin ' hard is it to manufacture a true waterproof pool thermometer ? C'mon this is n't rocket science ... its just a damned thermometer . Stop outsourcing to Asia and build a quality product here in the States . I 'm actually willing to pay more if the thing lasts a while.LarryLong Island , New York
 When i first got it it worked well . Then 3 weeks late , it was taking in water and shorted out . It was a waste of money .
 this is a piece of junkthe display turns black in direct sunlight , so you ca n't read the temperature at allit lasted about 9 months and then stopped workingdo n't wast a penny on this
 bottom broke off when grandson dropped on the deck , lasted less than a day in the pool , needs to be made more durable .
 I purchased this brush on June 17 , 2010 . I have used it a total of maybe 10 times in the last year . Today , when I tried to use it , all the nylon bristles just sheared off into the pool , rendering the brush completely useless . Based on my experience , this item is of poor quality .
 What can go wrong with a pool brush ? Glad you asked . The plastic tension piece in the brush that is supposed to hold it in the pole is not nearly strong enough to hold it in place . One twist or bump while brushing and you may see your brush drop to the bottom of your pool !!
 Well-made with a strong aluminum backbone , but with brittle bristles that snap off after only three months of use . This is the second Hydro Tools brush that has done this , so we are trying another brand -LRB- Splash pools brush -RRB- . We 'll see how that works , but the nylon bristles to ANY of these pool brushes are their weakest link ...
 As noted by other reviewers the brush works to move stuff on the bottom as long as the clip can keep it attached to your pool pole . The handle which goes inside your pool pole is slightly undersized , and the clip can not reliably keep it on your pole . The holes for the clip are about 3 inches ahead of the brush bottoming out , so any pressure on the brush -LRB- similar to normal pressure when you push the brush along the bottom -RRB- causes the brush to go further into the pole than the normal position -LRB- which causes the clip to press together and as soon as you pull on the pole , the brush comes out . -RRB- Luckily the brush floats , so it is relatively easy to retrieve it from the pool surface and start more carefully . The insert for the handle need to be a bit larger in diameter , allowing the brush to fit snuggly , and the hole for the clip need to be drilled higher up in the handle . I added some duck tape to make the diameter wider , and used a drill to make the clip hole match up when the brush is all the way in .
 This is one of the worst pool brushes I 've bought . After a few months of use the bristles will break off into your pool . You get what you pay for !!!
 I bought the Bat Face Mexican Heather Plants and the plants died right after I planted them . I found some plants at Home Depot for $ 14.98 and 5 times larger . So I bought them .
 This plant died almost immediately and never showed any sign of the flowers . Shipping did not seem to have helped - plant looked very unhealthy when it arrived .
 I ordered this hose holder because it shows a white one in the picture and that is what I wanted . They ended up sending me a black one which will not look good where I am putting it . Get Organized was great about refunding my money and I did n't have to ship the one I got back to them . Super to deal with . Will buy from them again . Otherwise , quick shipping and the price was great and would have been what I wanted had it been white . *** They have since changed the picture on Amazon to show the black one I received .
 Looks like a good bag at first , until you look at the back side stitching . Looks terrible . Also in the top compartment are two stain lines in the fabric that rubbed out , but looks like something square-like may have been stored inside like a container or something , just not sure . I have reason to believe this is a second or third quality lunch bag . Probably the 1st quality is sold directly in the retail store not through amazon.com . I have never seen lunch bags in any price range in any retail stores with poor stictching on the back side bag like this . I am beginning to be more cautious of what I bag . Another thing It says it is made in China . I am sick and tired of China garbage products . Next time I will pay more and only buy USA made .
 We purchased several pieces of furniture from Tidewater Workshop . We were assured delivery in 3 to 4 weeks . Eight weeks later we finally received our furniture . When we opened the boxes we were extremely disappointed . First , several of the pieces were badly damaged , including broken boards , pulled out screws , etc. . Secondly , the quality of the furniture was very low grade . The cedar boards are very light and many were rough . Many of the saw cuts and screw holes were splintered . In one place a board split when it was screwed together and they tried to glue the split rather than replace the board . We were stunned . The quality was truly horrible . But it gets worse . We called to ask for a return authorization and learned that even though the furniture was badly damaged we would have to pay $ 300 to ship it back . Having no good choices we agreed to have our refund debited the $ 300 . We shipped the furniture back and waited nearly a month for our partial refund . We paid $ 300 for nothing but 4 months of aggravation . This is by far the most frustrating and disappointing online purchase we have ever made .
 I purchased this product in June . I absolutely loved it ! Much to my suprise , by December , it was no longer working . Since it has a 2 yr . warranty , I contacted the manufacturer -LRB- Contech -RRB- for a replacement . They were very willing to send a replacement unit . When I received the replacement within the week of my contact , it was not the same procut . They indicated that this particular item had been discontinued -LRB- because of performance issues -RRB- . They could replace the item with the Squirrel stop . I guess that 's fine , except that this item is half the price of the Squirrel Scatter Bird Feeder . They were unwilling to adjust my purchase price -LRB- $ 89 vs $ 45 -RRB- . I do n't think I 'll be purchasing another Contech product . Buyer Beware !
 Worked well for 6 months and then failed . Too expensive for short life span .
 Actually 2 1/2 stars - It is a bit smaller than expected-usable BUT not for my original intention-the `` Jello mold '' version size is better-detail & glow in the dark feature saved it from being a return-Quick & free s/h from seller a PLUS
 I am very disappointed with this product ! The quality of sound is absolutely awful when a you play a song that contains some bass or electric guitars ! It just sounds distorted . I would definitely not recommend buying this product unless all your listen to is soft music !
 This adapter worked modestly well with my car but not at all in my wife 's . That is , it worked for two days until it died . I even replaced the fuse but to no effect . Shoddy .
 It worked for about 10 min and then it stopped working . The LED display went off and no FM signal was transmitted again . I tried several power outlets in two cars , it never worked again . Very bad product ! Besides , when it worked , the sound quality is BAD !
 Good only for applications such as barns or outdoor areas with a lot of ventilation . Otherwise , you will be overwhelmed by the terrible smell . Also , did not attract flys inside our home .
 I bought this fly trap for my yard . Mistake ! This is definitely made for farm use only . The smell was so powerful we took it down 10 minutes after hanging it and threw it away -LRB- wrapped in a ziploc bag -RRB- . If you have a large area , far from people , this might be for you .
 The Trap N Toss contains a solution that you mix with water and then place in the bottom of the trap . I did not realize that this really stinks so we could not keep it in the house or even just outside the door . It may work great in a barn but not if you have to live with it .
 The product works well but who knows for how long . Very cheap stamped construction . The bottom of the venturi tube looks like it was cut out with a pair of tin snips by a child and presents an injury hazard due to sharp edges while handling . The adjustable length of the venturi is unusual and was very handy for me in a special application .
 The bag that I ordered was not as advertised - it did not fit on my Snapper mower - and when I returned it , they never credited me with what I paid . So I have no bag and no refund .
 Not the black bag it is replacing . It is white . Not sure it fits correctly .
 This bag has no strap on the back to hold while emptying contents . Especially bad if the grass is wet and you need to shake the bag while holding it -LRB- with the missing strap ?! -RRB- straight up . The original Honda bag has a strap as do almost all OEM bags . Why they left this 10 cent piece off is a mystery of poor design by Humboldt . They were very nice to accept my return tho .
 I ordered one of these bags from Humbolt and was disappointed to find it did n't even have the two mounting slots in the front to install the steel bag frame for my Toro 8-32 mower . I called Humbolt customer to explain the problem and was promised they would look into the problem and get back to me . I never got a response from them . So , I spent $ 25 . including shipping for a `` replacement '' grass bag I ca n't install ! Buyer beware !
 Model type and # of lawnmower was used to order this accessory at the end of May . Product was recieved - good condition and appears very good quality however wrong size.The problem I encountered was the long time it is taking to get the issue resolved . They do NOT have a replacement bag to fit my Honda mower . So I will return the incorrect bag - but they want to charge a restocking fee which I think is not correct in this case.So be careful as you order .
 I saturated the offending Jasmine twice with this product . Absolutely nothing happened . I might as well have doused it with water . I tried it on some other weeds . It worked about the same as regular Round-Up - no better , no worse . Save your money . By the way , I purchased this spray in the container with the built-in pump . It did n't work very well . I had to pour it into another sprayer .
 They sent the wrong type bags , after being used - they were to long , would n't refund my purchase price or replace , TERRIBLE PEOPLE TO DEAL WITH .
 The smoker works , but beware of their customer service . I ordered a new heat element for my smoker and after requesting and paying for 2nd day FedEx , they shipped USPS and it took a week to get the element . In addition to the cost of extra shipping I lost two briskets that I purchased prior to finding out the heat element failed . When I called SmokinTex to in inquire of the issue , the response I got was sorry , but nothing we can do.My next smoker will be a CookShack , they have excellent customer service and want to keep their customers . SmokinTex just wants to sell you another smoker .
 I ordered the 1400 with the Smokin ' Tex base for the unit . Upon arrival , I spent 2 - 3 hours putting the cart together and trying to get the darn thing to attach to the smoker unit . Turns out the manufacturing quality control of these things is so brutal that the legs of the smoker are bent -LRB- shoddy production -RRB- so much so that they will not align with the four bolt holes of the cart . Here I was , then , butchering and hacking and banging up a brand new system trying to find a way to attach these two things . I have broken bolts , plastic shoved up one hole and big strap around the entire thing to hold them together . Ridiculous . This is horrible . Customer service at Smokin ' Tex leaves much to be desired . They apologized for my `` misgivings '' . Misgivings ?! I told them it was not misgivings , it was horrible manufacturing of their products and they need to address that with their offshore supplier . I am so frustrated with this set-up that I have n't even turned on the smoker . I do n't even want to look at it anymore -- I am that frustrated with it . So it 's back to my Big Green Egg and Big Steel Keg for now . If you spend over $ 1000.00 on something OEM , you should n't have to do a Frankenstein job on it to get it to work as advertised . I now see that while Cookshack 's units may cost more , they are made onsite by Cookshack and I am guessing quality control would be better . I would not recommend that anyone buy a Smokin ' Tex if you have to go through the frustration and anger that I did just to set the thing on its cart . If you do buy one , you would be better off not ordering the Smokin ' Tex cart and instead finding something of your own to place the unit on . Also , I ordered mine direct from Smokin ' Tex , which is another mistake . Save yourself some stress and anger and try to buy one from a retailer where you can at least check it out in the store to be sure there are no defects . For me , I regret ordering a Smokin ' Tex. . You old adage `` you get what you pay for '' seems to hold true here .
 I have had a SmokinTex smoker for years and while the smoker does the job , my heat element went out . I ordered a new one from SmokinTex and requested -LRB- and was charged -RRB- for FedEx 2 day delivery as I had briskets already purchased when the element went out . When the element did n't arrive , I called , they decided to send it USPS as they estimated two day delivery . Not what I requested and paid for . It took a week for the element to arrive , the briskets were lost . When I called SmokinTex to inquire , they said sorry , but not their problem . When this thing dies , I will be buying a CookShack !
 Every thing I have cooked on this thing is gray . No different than cooking inside in my kitchen oven because that 's all it is ! I suppose it is OK for someone that does not enjoy cooking . Save your money !!!
 The box itself and the racks and whatnot are fine . The problem is the thermostat system . I have had this thing for over two years , but have only done less than a dozen batches of fish and jerky in it . The first time I used it was fine . The second time , the thermostat totally went out and I had to have the company send a replacement . Of course , you have to do all the repair work yourself . The instructions that come along with the replacement are fine , but it 's still a real job . The smoker again worked OK for the next couple of batches , but now you have to really , really watch it.I smoke salmon at about 140 degrees , which I 'm doing today -LRB- why I 'm writing a FED UP review -RRB- . In that range , the totally inaccurate dial has settings of 100 , 125 , 150 -LRB- total range is 100 to 225 -RRB- . So I try it at - logically - someplace between 125 and 150 . Nope - smoker wavers between 150 and 170 . I keep a foot-long instant-read dial thermometer poked down in the smoke vent to keep an eye on temperature . The temperature is consistently inconsistent - all over the board . If I get it finally settled about 140 - with the dial set just above 100 ! - when I go back in a half-hour , it 's up to 150 . If I turn the control knob down a bit to just under 100 , then go back in another half-hour , it 's at 90 . See-saw , see-saw . I ca n't imagine why this company would have a pretty good box and other equipment made , and then go totally CHEAP on the controls - which is the only thing that makes the thing work . A nice box that you ca n't control is a boat anchor . I really , really do not recommend the Smokin Tex. . Especially at the price they get for it . It 's junk
 Bag looked like it was reasonably well made , but it was an inch too small and would not fit on the frame . I sent it back to the vendor and asked for a replacement or a refund , and have heard nothing . $ 35 down the drain .
 House is about 1300 square feet and I purchased 2 of these things . Been using them for two months seemed to help after a couple weeks but after a month of working mice have returned as bad as ever . Waste of $ $ $ $ .
 This is the first and only product I have obtained from or through Amazon that is a BIG dissapointment ! Yes , I took a risk , but this item is worthless . I tried contacting the seller , but get a run-around . Still trying to figure out who to talk to at the manufacturer . There is a restocking fee that costs more than the device ! I had an ant infestation all-of-a-sudden . Hoped chemicals would be reduced or eliminated . Installing this device , the problem became worse than ever . Maybe I am safe from opposums inhabiting my home , but for insects , this product is worthless . It does NOTHING as suggested . The only plus is they originally shipped it very fast . I had hoped that in this day and age of technology , something of this nature would actually work . Apparently we have yet stuff to learn ...
 It is not working as it said.It can not protect mosquito , house fly and other small insects.I have to return the item .
 I think the rats in my ceiling are even louder since I got the Lentek Pest Control . I thought it sounded too good to be true and I was right .
 This product does not work . I have watched mice run under the unit plugged in . I have moved it to several locations and it still is n't working .
 I was told by my landlord that this particular Lentek pest control device was the greatest and that I should get two
 I read the reviews before I bought this and took a risk . Now I have more mice than ever before . It 's supposed to repel , not attract !!!
 Although the product had a QA tag , it was never really tested properly . I plugged it in to the outlet and nothing happened.I had to pay for shipping expenses and was not offered refund for that expense , time wasted etc. .
 I read all the reviews of this product and the similar PestContro units before I purchased , and saw a wide range of results . Because there were positives , I decided to risk buying it . In my experience , this is a complete waste of money . A few days after it was hooked up , I was still catching mice with conventional spring traps . Lately there have been no signs , so I thought maybe it was working . However , last night I left a ripe pear on the kitchen counter , only FOUR FEET from the PestContro II in the kitchen outlet , and a mouse bit into the pear . As far as I am concerned this is completely worthless and I wish I could get my money back . Just a cautionary tale for those of you considering the purchase of one .
 We 've been having mice problems for about 6 months now . We 've tried several way to catch them like the old fashion traps -LRB- which worked the best first 3 months -RRB- , sticky trap , poison ... etc. . After killing more than 25 mice , you would think that they are gone . Well , they are getting smarter , and noisier as if they want us to know that they are laughing at us . So , after reading many positive reviews on Amazon , I decided to get TWO Lentek Pestcontro Digials . They are n't cheap , but if I can get rid of mice then I 'll pay for it , I thought . I 've had this units for a month now . I keep one in the walk in pantry where mice love to steal food , pee and poo . It does n't seem to work since I still here them all the time , day or night . I keep the other one in the kitchen because mice love to hang out under the kitchen cabinet . Again , it does n't work . Since they are getting smarter , we have not caught the mice in a while . We just find one here and there -LRB- one dead in the bucket with full of water ... perhaps it tried to drink some water and slipped and drawn . We still hear them laughing . We still smell them . They still leave their droppings everywhere . I want my money back !
 that 's all there is to say about the product ... it 's crap .
 Dull as can be , I actually took a picture of my log after 3 swings I was breaking down and smashing the wood verses cutting through it , my Cold Steel Recon Scout knife puts this to shame , granted its 5x more expensive but it is a knife . THE SHEATH ON THIS IS PURE CRAP ! I had a leather one made so I could carry it with me through the woods and not loose it . There are better deals I would skip this .
 Not at all what I excepted from the brand named Kershaw.Made in Taiwan . Thought Kershaw was made in USA.Not sharp.Cheap plastic sheath.Could find a better quailty axe at Wal-mart for half the price.My advise
 First , the positive.I like the one piece molded steel.Now for the negative.Eleven inches and 14.5 oz . That is smaller than most hammers . Even the handle is a little hard to get a grip on . It 's also impossible to tell how slim the head is from the pics . It looks like a bulky hatchet , but it is actually VERY thin . I did n't realize it would be so small . If space or weight is a concern , this is a nice hatchet . If you need something to put out a little work , try something else . I 'm still a little upset at how small it is , but the weight is in the description , so I guess it 's my own fault for not noticing . This axe should be called the `` Kershaw Jr. camp axe . `` Overall , it was a bust . There are better deals -LRB- and tools -RRB- for the money out there . This will be the last tool I order from the internet without first holding it in my hand at a store .
 This is the worst made umbrella I 've ever owned . Within a few months of owning this umbrella the fabric started getting holes in it because the fabric was actually melting from the sun . I live less than ten minutes from the beach in Southern CA , so the warmest it gets is maybe 90 degrees , so the fabric should not be falling apart and melting from the sun .
 The umbrella 's mesh-like material neither totally blocks the sun nor fully stops rainfall . It 's utility as an umbrella is therefor limited , especially living in a place like Arizona . It does seem to be made very well though but I wish I had known about the material .
 I bought this umbrella and had to return it . The fabric is woven and therefore lets the sun still shine in . You would have to wear sunglasses while sitting under it . I liked the large size but not the material .
 This umbrella lasted me 3 months , then would n't go up anymore , it had a 5 year warranty from Coolaroo who would n't stand behind it.Thankfully Amazon stood behind this and sent me a new one , Amazon is terrific ! Sarah in customer service was outstanding and I could n't have asked for better customer service.However I do n't trust anything made by Coolaroo now , and their products certainly are n't made for life !
 When I purchased this umbrella , I knew that it would probably only last a few years . Unfortunately , it only lasted 4 months of light use . The mechanism that allows you to angle the umbrella broke which now makes it permanently angled and I am no longer able to open or close it .
 This Umbrella seemed like a good quality product when I first got it . It worked well for the first several weeks but then I tried the tilt function once or twice . The 3 position tilt mechanizm then broke and the umbrella became unable to stand straight up . When I contacted Coolaroo customer service I was told that it was probably a defective part but there were no replacement parts for it . Since 30 days had passed there was nothing they could do . Amazon would not take it back either . I would not buy another product from this company .
 Was a fine umbrella while it lasted . Tilt mechanism broke after 1 year , now umbrella is permanently tilted . In my call to Coolaroo I was told that none of the frame has a warranty and there are no replacement parts to fix this yourself . If you want to buy another umbrella every year this is the one for you .
 I brought this umbrella a month ago and it already broke . The metal piston on the 3 position tilt broke . the Umbrella is now worthless after a short use . I should have bought it in Costco !
 I bought two several years ago and they have not been acceptable . One broke after the first summer and needed to be discarded . The other is barely operable and wobbly . It tilts and is uneven on account of its lack of stability . It is also very hot sitting underneath these umbrellas . I was very disappointed in this purchase and would advise others to find more durable and higher quality umbrellas .
 The fabric is nice looking and looks like a great quality , thin but should not fade too quickly . However , the pole looks like cheap aluminum and does not hold the distance . Once it bends ; it can not be fixed . I am returning my item for a pole more sturdy .
 After just a couple of months the tilt mechanism broke . The umbrella now is in permanent `` tilt mode '' . I had hoped that the high price might indicate high quality . Burned again !
 Glad we chose the Coolaroo 11 foot umbrella ! The fabric is attractive and allows light through but still blocks the heat , pretty interesting how it works . This is one sturdy umbrella , solidly made , great crank mechanism . The size makes a big difference over our previous 9 foot umbrella , shading the table and chairs , plus it tilts easily . Highly recommended!Update
 I purchased this umbrella about 6 weeks ago due to its metal frame and tilt positions . I opened it only twice in the last 6 weeks only to find that it will NOT ckick or lock in the upright position but will only stay in the tilted position , making it unusable at over $ 120.00 ! Unfortuately I am `` out of the window '' for exchange or full refund and I would have to pay for all the shipping costs ! Not worth the time or effort to repackage and ship . Plus , who keeps an umbrealla box for 6 weeks ? I am NOT happy .
 Although it fits the smoker well and stays in place , this is not a good cover for the price . The cover is a rather lightweight vinyl that started fading immediately after I installed it and was all gray in a couple of months even though it 's only in the sun a few hours a day . It barely lasted a year before it started tearing . Unfortunately , I 've looked everywhere for a sturdier , better quality cover and can not find any offered and , because of the odd shape of the Bradley smoker , covers designed for other products wo n't fit the unit well . So , here I am , ordering another poor quality cover because it 's `` the only game in town '' .
 This sun bleaches out way too fast , even for Arizona -LRB- 6 months -RRB- and the material does not hold up well . Find an alternative for your money
 Within 2 months -LRB- summer and in direct sun light -RRB- , it was discolored to a very bright grey , at the end of the year it started tearing apart . The plastic it is made of became stiff and simply broke apart.For the money they are charging , this cover is not worth the money and I do not recommend buying this . Bradley normally has a good quality - I am very happy with my smoker , but this cover is a huge disappointment .
 Put this on my smoker yesterday as it was threatening rain . It rained lightly for a few hours and when I took the cover off this morning , there was moisture on the smoker . It does n't seem to do a good job at all .
 For the price , this cover did n't last very long -LRB- about a year before folding to the weather ... totally faded , rips and tears ; NC environment -RRB- . Best bet is to buy an $ 8 cover at Home Depot rather than spend three times as much . The Bradley cover does look a little better than my recent Home Depot purchase but I feel the cover should have lasted longer .
 I ordered my cover at the beginning of June 2009 , and it 's now the end of March 2010 and this thing is leaking . The waterproof lining on the inside is completely cracked and allows water to get through . Since this is made by Bradley for their own smokers , I would have thought it would be well designed . I 'm very happy with my smoker , but this cover will not keep it safe . Unfortunately , I 'm not sure what other cover I can use because of the shape of the digital 4-rack smoker .
 My smoker cover has seen two seasons and is it completely destroyed . It does get a lot of direct sun , but the covers on my two grills are older and in much better shape . Bradley should invest in a better grade of vinyl on their next generation cover .
 I bought these racks for a christmas present for my husband . He made some venison jerky on them . The meat stuck on them so bad , it took us an hour to poke all the meat off of every single hole in the rack -LRB- we had 4 racks worth -RRB- . Will not use these again and would not recommend these to any one .
 Jerky stuck to the non stick surface , I emailed bradley to find out why and they never replied back , poor customer service.Just use the racks that come with your unit and hang the jerkey using toothpicks , the jerky racks are too small to use this way .
 I still have them in a box under my bed . They are not built well . I dont advise getting them .
 The one leg that was shipped , I think , worked ok There are other reviews saying the same thing . Was told by amazon that I received what I ordered . If I wanted four then I should have orrdered four . $ 80.00 for a set of 4 legs ???????
 I have this wind chime , but unfortunately , it does not chime in the breeze . The concept is great , but it really does not work , I think mostly due to the fact that the bells do not move well on the frame , and the bells are also misshaped . Needless to say , I can not use this and wasted my money
 The pluses for this umbrella
 This umbrella is light weight , crank easy to use , the covering allows much too much sun light and it 's heat thru the fabric . Does not provide shade , the glare is soo extreme one must squint to sit under the umbrella .
 I ordered these items over 2 weeks ago and initially was offered the `` super saver shipent '' option ... when i did n't recieve them in a timely manner i changed it to the 3 to 5 business days option and have yet to recieve them . I do not know what the problem is and would like an answer !
 As the title says , not made very well and was not a perfect replacement part . Had to modify to get the product to work .
 I would not recommend this item . Just got it a few weeks ago and it is cheaply made of plastic and really does n't work well at all . I tried to cut my yellowing lily pad stems but you ca n't make it cut . I am ordering another brand to try that is made of metal and has good reviews . I wish I had not wasted my money on this .
 Suction cup refused to stick to window , even after window was cleaned with windex and alcohol . Thermometer has read a steady 82 degrees without wavering once since placed in window . Does not work and is a complete waste of money .
 This fell off my window the first day using and has since never stayed more than a week at most . Who knew it could get to 115 F in Vermont ? Suction is poor and obviously has calibration issues .
 This thermometer does not give the accurate temperature -LRB- it reads 130 every afternoon and the actual temperature is about 85-90 -RRB- and it does not stick to outdoor surfaces very well - it falls off when it rains . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 This outdoor Timex thermometer is supposed to stick to the outside of the glass . It does n't for more than 2 or 3 minutes-falls right off -LRB- whether installed wet or dry -RRB- I would n't recommend it .
 Does not stick to glass more than a couple of hours . . I tried it indoors inside a display case . the plastic is quite hard and seems to not have good suction.The meter itself didnt change readings when I took it to a very humid room.So its accuracy is doubtful .
 Does not stick to windows , ridiculously inaccurate , cheap , avoid . Humidity version just as bad !
 Bought this to replace a Taylor suction window thermometer . There is absolutely NO WAY this pseudo suction cup will stick to any surface as there is no center to the suction . This item was too inexpensive to return -LRB- the shipping would have killed me -RRB- so I just threw it away and bought a similar item at my hardware store . This one works perfectly , adheres to the window surface from the first installation , and was the same price AND , guess what ? It 's a Taylor !
 I purchased the Timex TX7003 plastic rain gauge about 10 months ago but it did not hold up or weather very well . The plastic base never fit properly and would constantly keep falling off the mounting unit that was mounted on the rail of my deck and finally cracked . Also the plastic became fogged from the weather and made it difficult to read . I have since replaced it with the Chaney Instrument 5-Inch Capacity Easy-Read Magnifying Rain Gauge and like this one much better . More rugged , easier to read and appears to be accurate .
 We purchased 2 of these rain gauges which were touted to be easy to read . They turned out to be harder to read than the rain gauge we were replacing which made no such claim . They arrived in undamaged packaging but 1 of the 2 gauges was already cracked when it was packed/shipped . The one that survived seems adequate , but we would not buy the same product again .
 Many problems with this rain gauge . First the plastic it is made out of is very thin and fragil and the markings on it are hard to read . The bottom portion of the gauge on the two I purchased broke off early on . Finally the markings are not in tenths of and inch but in eights of an inch which is a shortcoming for me . Look elsewhere if you want a gauge that is easy to use and will hold up over the long term .
 This rain gauge was purchased to replace an older model of the same overall design put out by Brookstones . The old one gave comparable readings to other stations around me . On checking the results from the two placed side by side , the new Timex model gave readings at least 50 % too high . In addition , the markings for the fractions of the first inch are too widely spaced and a lot of shower-type rain falls into this category in this area of Texas in summer.P.B . Dallas , TX
 I though that for the price , it would make a nice second rain guage . And for the price you ca n't go wrong , unless is shows up broken .
 I wanted a rain gauge for climate observing , the requirements are 4 inch diameter minimum and resolution to 1/100th of an inch , this gauge is too small for this , recommend the cocorahs.org gauge which you can find on here , 11 inch .
 I 've tried to use this same gauge 3 times . All 3 resulted in an item which broke . It suffers from direct sunlight . And therefore becomes very fragile and yellowed . One unit had the base you stick in the ground fall off . Overall I give up on this . I should have bought a better unit in the first place .
 When I received the rain gauge the item had been opened and re-taped shut . Which would be fine if I purchased a used item , but this rain gauge is described as `` new . '' The rain gauge was also broken when I opened it . I 'm not sure if it was damaged in transit or if it was used , damaged , and repackaged . Either way there 's no point returning it as it would cost more to ship it back to Amazon than it cost , but I am disappointed that they are selling what appears to be a used product as new .
 I bought this rain gauge excited to use it about a year ago . It came with a small crack at the top that I paid no mind to because it was a quarter of an inch at the top , and I did n't see a reason to send it back . I do n't think the crack has had any effect on the effectiveness of gauging the rain.Here is my problem with it . It is properly mounted on a fence with no obstruction to the mouth -LRB- it 's opening is above the fence line -RRB- . The problem is that every time a light gust of wind in the storms blows the gauge out of the holster . I think it has effectively worked 6 or 7 times in all the storms I have had in my area over the last year . I have even seen it blow off , walked out in the rain set it back up , and returned after the storm to see it back on the ground . This is a major disappointment .
 Increments of 1/8ths instead of 1/10ths . weirdI question the accuracy of this gauge.Needs more testing in actual rain to determine accuracy .
 The plastic cracked the first time it froze with water in it . It now leaks and is useless . Lasted about 2 months .
 It 's cheap ... but I was disappointed that the lines measure 1/8 of an inch , not 1/10th line you might expect for a rain gauge . On TV , rainfall is not measured based on 8ths . Another disappointment is that it looks like the lines are not spaced properly ... some are , but others are very awkward . I ca n't imagine they are as accurate as my last rain gauge . See the photo I uploaded showing this.As far as the plastic and build quality , I suppose it 's decent for the price ... which means I suspect it will last 6 months to a year.Even though this is relatively cheap , I would not buy it again.UPDATE 2012-03-20
 The scale to measure amount of rainfall shows each 1/2 inch . BUT the scale in between each 1/2 inch IS NOT calibrated to each 1/10 of an inch as all other English measure gauges are . There are only 3 lines instead of the 4 there should be to measure tenths between 1/2 inches . That means each line represents 0.125 inches . I bought and put up 2 of these . At $ 2.99 seemed like a good deal on a simple accurate rain gauge . At first rain I figured out the incorrect scale . Not properly calibrated , it 's worth $ 0 .
 A summer Vermont wind snapped the pole like a toothpick 2 weeks after we received the umbrella . We have a 2nd umbrella on our deck , canvas with a wood pole
 We need a little more information . The chair LOOKS great ! But what kind of material is it constructed from ? How big is it ? A side view would be helpful also to see how the back curves . The price is good , now if I just knew a little more ...
 Pump sent to me was a fountain pump , NOT a pond as shown in the picture !! The inlet was tiny and easily gets clogged !!! BEWARE !
 I am glad that we purchased the more powerful pump . It is now obvious that a lesser pump would not have worked . This pump can barely raised enough water to the 4 ' height necessary , that our garden fountain was intended . We know now that our orginal , less powerful pump , was not defective , it just was not powerful enough.Beckett 7061310 350gph Submersible Pump with 16 ' Cord
 I ordered a pump that was supposed to pump 340 gallons per hour . True Value -LRB- ordered through Amazon -RRB- substituted a pump that only pumps 200 per hour and has a lower lift height . My previous Beckett pump worked for 3 years without failure . I 've had this new pump for one month and I 've had to take it out and clean it twice to get it restarted . It just does not have the power to push pond water to the top of the waterfall . Wasted money .
 It looks good but it does n't perform good , could not get the flame adjusted correctly , and there is no place to connect the igniter .
 The venturis were about an inch too short for the 34545 model - there are several subseries of this model but if you have just the 34545 then it is too short . The product is NOT stainless steel - failed the magnet test hard . It could be an aluminized steel or a plated steel -LRB- based on reflectivity -RRB- but it is NOT stainless . Not sure if it is worth the hassles of returning - maybe they count on this
 The Venturis provided are an inch too short and will not work !! And too late to return because I have been out of town . Bummer when I want to grill Sunday afternoon ! Useless purchase without Venturis . Said the product was a Fiesta grill . Not so !! Piece of junk .
 Bought a large spool thinking it would last a long time in a Black and Decker GH1000 machine . Both top and bottom spools were chewed up in few minutes . String seems too tough for the cutter on machine to chop when extra string is fed out . I replaced the string with some other brand and it worked well . Seems to be this particular string and not the machine .
 This generator is the worst I have ever had the displeasure to operate . Took at least 20 pulls to get it started and then cross your fingers and hope it stays running . After only 3 uses the PLASTIC recoil mechanism of the recoil starter broke . After countless hours of web searching found no available parts or even a website or contact info . Recommend that you stay away from this one and that Amazon discontinues selling this junk . Could not post this review without adding at least `` 1 '' star , so please ignore it !
 I purchased this generator for my husband for outside projects and camping . The first day he used it everything seemed fine . He had it hooked up to a microwave , then power tools , and a small tv . The next day of his trip , he decided to rest a bit and watch his small TV . It was a good thing he did n't walk away to go the bathroom or whatever ... becuase my husband started to smell a burning odor ... it was TV smoking and ready to catch fire ... and in a panic ... he had act fast to turn off the genertor . It would stop - he could n't disconnect quick enough and was forced to throw it down to make is stop . That being said , we lost two things with this generator and a small flat panel TV . He called the customer service department to tell him about his event and they seemed very disinterested and offer NO HELP . I would not recommend this product to anyone . Its a fire Hazard!We were fortunate that only those two products were lost -LRB- this generator and our TV -RRB- becuase it could have been a loss of our camper and my husband 's life.DON ' T BUY this product , Busy Mom .
 My hummingbirds have been enjoying Droll Yankees window feeders for many years . These stick right on the window , so I have gotten some unbelievable pictures of the little guys . Unfortunately , Droll Yankees has radically changed the design . The new feeder only has three parts -LRB- not counting the suction mechanism -RRB- compared to ten parts on the old feeder . Therefore , it is much cheaper for them to manufacture while keeping the price the same . I have four of the old feeders and one of the new ones on one window . The birds wo n't touch the new feeder unless the others are all empty and they are desperate . They have a difficult time perching on the new rim , where they have no trouble perching on the old one . I think the new design must have been tested on the smaller east coast hummingbirds - the larger Anna 's ca n't perch on it well at all . Very , very disappointing .
 First , this is fairly expensive so I was expecting to get lots of pleasure from it . It was a major disappointment , and I have gotten much more pleasure from feeders costing half as much . Initially , I thought it would be great because the hummers took to it immediately . Unfortunately , so did the ants . I had a swarm of ants all over my window , and some of them even found a way indoors through the window ... I ended up with an ant problem in my kitchen within a couple of days . Even using the guards did n't help at all.Secondly , it is not well-made . I had a difficult time getting the port guards on and off ... it seemed like the whole feeder should open up at the seam , but I could n't figure out a way to get it open ... and I did n't want to force it b/c I was afraid I 'd break it right out of the box . So the only way I could figure on getting the rubber port guards in place is to reach in with them , through the fill hole . This was difficult and awkward , and took numerous attempts to finally get them secured . God only knows how to clean the unit . If I could figure out how to open the darn thing , cleaning would be a whole lot easier.Thirdly , when I finally decided to take the thing down because of all the ants , I went to remove the bracket off my window , and one of the suction cups flew off and the screw holding it on fell onto the ground . It took me a while to find the suction cup ... it had flown into my garden ! Obviously , the screw was n't doing much to hold the suction cup on . Why did n't they design this better ? Why does n't the screw go all the way through , and get secured on the other side ? Why is the rubber suction cup just stuck on a pointy screw ? It does n't make any sense . At the very least , the suction cup should 've been secured to the screw with some Super Glue.Instead of ordering this , just take twenty-two of your hard-earned dollars and throw it into the gutter in front of your house . Because basically , that 's what you 're doing when you buy this feeder.Or , if you send me ten dollars , I 'll send you the one I 'm no longer using . Then we 'll both be winners . I 'll even throw in some Super Glue .
 I was so excited to find this feeder ... filled it , attached to my window , and within an hour all the liquid had leaked out . I checked it , made sure everything was tightly fitted ... but it continued to leak . So not only do I have an empty feeder , but also a window dripping with red hummingbird goo .
 I got 3 of these to put on windows on 3 sides of the house . After washing them in warm soapy water , rinsing , and then filling with sugar water , I wondered why my hands were so damp -- I only filled them to just below the seam/perch ring . Then I noticed later how many yellow jackets were ALL OVER the feeders . I brought them back in , washed them out , added water , and set them on the counter in a tray -- they leaked a lot , ALL OF THEM ! They only worked if I put a tiny dribble in the bottom . So I only filled them a tiny bit . Second time I brought them in , one 's silver-colored plastic perch ring was undone halfway around the feeder . So they leak from the get-go AND fall apart . Who the heck wants to spend $ 20 + for a feeder I have to fill every other day since I can only put about a tablespoon of sugar water in it AND the perch is hanging off where it is not usable ??!!! Sending these pieces of junk back!Very disappointed in this feeder when I have had much better luck with MUCH cheaper feeders . Not sure why Droll Yankees can make fantastic seed feeders -- I have had one almost 15 yrs , others 2-3 yrs with no trouble -- and this model is so crappy .
 Originally I purchased a K 3.86 , After less than 15 hours it started `` surging '' , on and off and very little pressure . Like an idiot I purchased the K 2.26 M -LRB- this was going to be better -RRB- . After less than 5 hours of operation it started `` surging '' on and off , very little pressure . I even disassembled the first unit , down to the pistons , no obvious problems . Put it back together and it does the same thing . Time to end my misery , throw them in the garbage and buy a pressure washer that works . Do n't feel like wasting another hour to find a problem that was put there by China . What was I thinking anyway ?
 DO N'T BUY ANYTHING FROM KARCHER !!! This was a real piece of junk and it ended up in the trash bin tonight . I 've had it for a while but have n't put that much time on it primarily because I found I can do just about as good a job with a garden hose , a good nozzle , a brush and a small amount of elbow grease !! A friend has a pressure washer by RIGID ... a more expensive but much better solution .
 Do n't have time to write a lengthy review because I have to go and buy yet another pressure washer . Read the review about two piece plastic glued together instead one piece extruded , and that tells my story exactly . Attractive price made me a loser TWICE . Do n't make the same mistake . If Karcher could sell you a plastic compressor assembly , they definitely would . They care nothing about customer satisfaction . I 'm trying a Husky this time .
 Within 30 minutes of use , the high pressure hose to the wand blew off the outlet on the compressor . You could see the -LRB- plastic -RRB- threads in the sleeve on the hose attached to the gun were stripped . Bought a replacement -LRB- Powercare -RRB- gun with metal threads at the end of its hose . Used it for 20 minutes , when the hose again blew off the compressor . This is an awful product .
 If you have hands the size of a chipmunk , then maybe you can attach your hose easily . Otherwise , the unit is not user friendly for big hands like me . Why do they have the connection so recessed.The unit has never functioned well for me . Low presure in particular . Also , when the unit is on but I 'm not using it , It begins a constant on/off cycle and will eventually blow the circuit breaker on the plug . So when I need to stop for a minute , I need to get back to the unit and shut it off . Also , with constant washing , I will blow the breaker every five minutes or less . Into the junk pile !
 This is the second Karcher pressure washer I 've purchased . The first one lasted a year . I was disappointed , but bit the bullet and replaced it with the same model . Even with light use , the new one broke after a month . I wo n't ever waste my money and buy the Karcher brand again .
 This washer failed the first time I used it . The instructions say to limit use to 20-30 minutes at a time . After less than 1 hour cleaning the driveway and fence , the unit just shut down . Called Karcher , cut and returned the power cord on 2/14/11 and as of 4/20/11 , still have not received a replacement unit . Called Karcher CS in mid-March , they claimed that the warehouse had just received my return -LRB- after 30 + days -RRB- , and said the replacement should be sent out within a few days , that was a month ago . The 7 - 10 days Karcher claims to process returns is pure BS . When the replacement dies , will NEVER buy a Karcher unit again . So much for German engineering . This washer and their CS is TOTAL CRAP .
 Bought it because of great little package / design to clean my steps once a year but within 10 hours of use over 1 year , started leading water from inside the yellow shell . Not sure of leak source . Engine died within 15 hours of use in the 2nd year . Wasted $ 110 . I read a lot of similar issues on the Lowes brand . I think I 'm going to stick with renting the gas powered machine 1-2 times a year .
 I owned a 12-year old Karcher 1800 psi power washer that worked magnificently until last year . It was a well-constructed and sturdy machine that took on all sorts of jobs with competence and reliability . After it finally died , I went ahead and bought this Karcher model , thinking that it would be as well-built as my old one since it bears the same brand name . Boy , was I wrong!First of all , this model was cheaply made . Very light weight , all the hose connections seemed to wiggle . I turned the on/off switch and the knob literally broke off from the switch . I called the 800 number and they sent a replacement . The replacement worked , albeit very loudly , for about 20 minutes and quit . Although the motor was still running , no water was coming out . I let it cool off for an hour and tried again with the same result.When it did work , for those 20 minutes it worked fairly well . But this poorly designed and made model is one to avoid .
 If I could give this product minus stars I would . We bought a Karcher pressure washer from Lowes a couple of years ago . We used it probably 3 times . Just as it was out of warranty , it quit completely . We needed a washer and bought a more expensive Karcher from Costco . Costco usually does n't sell junk . We used it a couple of times last year . Today we started using it and it totally quit again . Karcher products are for you if you want something disposable that you do n't have to worry about storing ! If I divide the cost by number of uses , it adds up to about $ 50 a use . I could rent one and pay less . I will never buy another Karcher product .
 I bought a Karcher 2.26 pressure washer 3 years ago . Have used it 3 times and every time had to wrestle to get it going and keep it going , which took longer than the job . Karcher `` support services '' were n't any help . I would give it -10 stars if that was an option .
 It broke after 5 or 6 uses . Unfortunately these uses were spaced a few years apart , so it was outside the warranty . I would n't recommend this item .
 We bought one of these , it failed . Returned it , and the replacement failed after the first job . Plastic parts in critical high pressure areas is a design failure . DO NOT BUY ONE of these .
 Esta hidrolavadora es de p&eacute;sima calidad . Es peque & ntilde ; a , parece de juguete . A la tercera vez que se us&oacute; se da & ntilde ; &oacute; . No la recomiendo para nada .
 What a piece of garbage . I may as well have taken that C-Note and thrown it in the street ... Do n't waste your money ... This is the second one purchased for our use and the same problem occured , seal failure on the pump , there-by causing a pressure loss ... Regards
 I bought one of these a year ago . The high-pressure outlet that the wand attaches to is made of plastic and turns at a 90-degree angle to exit the case . After a year of service the unit started spraying water inside the case . The right-angle plastic piece had developed a crack right at its weakest point . This is a very bad design mistake on their part.The unit was 1 year + 1 day old at the time . I called Karcher to take advantage of their `` Rapid Exchange '' program and they would not honor their warranty because my unit was 1 day past its warranty period !! And to add insult to injury , it took them a week to make that decision and they did n't even have the courtesy to call me and tell me . I had to call them and pry the information out of them.I will never purchase anything from this company again .
 The first unit of this model sat in its box for nearly 6 months before I took it out and put it to work . I usually use a pressure washer for about 20 to 30 minutes per week at most ; sometimes weeks will go by with no usage at all . The first one lasted less than a month . The warranty replacement -LRB- which took about a week to arrive -RRB- failed after about four months in service . Both failed in what seems to be the same way ; the unit quickly cycles on and off while large amounts of water come out of the bottom of the housing . Even if they replace this second unit under warranty -LRB- which I sincerely doubt will be the case , given the other reviews -RRB- I am not going to spend another penny on a product of this brand again . Two samples , two failures ; that 's simply not an acceptable track record .
 Purchased this product in 2006 and was never very impressed with its performance . Should have returned it then . Pressure was minimal , only about enough to clean up lawn furniture . Forget about trying to clean a deck with it . Then this year , when we went to use the machine , there was no pressure at all ; the garden hose had more pressure . Less than a month beyond warranty , the company refused to be of any assistance other than telling us we could ship it to a service center to have it reparied .
 Truly disappointing product and customer service just as bad . I bought it new Sept ' 06 , used it 8-10 hours max , stored it indoors . When I hooked it up on Oct 8th '07 it worked about 5 minutes before water began gushing from the switch area and motor kept running with wand turned off.Naturally , the warranty expired 34 DAYS ago -LRB- I had registered it online -RRB- . After being bounced around to 4 different reps on the Karcher Toll free line with no help at all , I surrendered and quit trying . Oh ... by the way
 I bought this cheap plastic junk at Lowes about 2 years ago and used it for a grand total of maybe 5-6 hours . Now I can no longer get any high pressure . If you check reviews of Karcher pressure washers -LRB- pretty much any model -RRB- on Amazon or other websites you will see over and over again how these things are junk . After reading those reviews I am not even going to bother trying to contact their company .
 Bought this 2 yrs ago at Lowes . Worked well the first year . It has always been stored inside . Last year it started Cycling on and off on it 's own . Now it does it constantly . Called tech service and got some bonehead in India or Wherever . I have torn it down and found it has a bad dump valve . Try to get one !!!!!!! I will never never never buy this Made in Italy piece of junk again . Worse company ever . Spend your money on a cheap Chinese model at Harbor Freight .
 Yes , I purchased this unit two days ago . I used it for 20 minutes and the high pressure hose blew off . You can clearly see the damaged threads on the attaching plastic pieces . I will be returning it to lowes to be fair , and will give it one more try . Then I will demand my money back . The karcher site is a pain in the rear to work with , but you can post messages to them .
 All the internal pieces are TWO-PIECE Plastic . Not extruded one piece plastic . So after just a few uses , the high pressure starts making cracks in the seams of the two pieces . Mine had a crack in the `` Connection Elbow '' near the switch . Of course you use it a few times then store it until next year so warranty was up when discovered . I look and the only place to buy parts is in England . Or at least that particular part . Order it and wait a couple of weeks for it to get here and replace the part . So now the unit is able to hold pressure at the `` connection elbow '' which forces more pressure along the tubing into the handle and guess what , it is made of TWO-PIECE plastic and splits so now it is gushing from the broken tubing by the trigger . Ca n't find a part for this so I 'd have to order a full pressure handle for about 1/2 the price of the original unit . Add that cost and the previous part shipped from England and you got a whole new unit.Absolute piece of junk .
 Very poor product . I could n't get the hose connection to seal properly and the pressure was disappointing . Returned it within 5 minutes of use .
 Received as Christmas gift . Has never worked correctly . The hour and minute hands keep getting stuck on each other.I will stick with the far superior La Crosse Technology in the future .
 Yes the unit is functional and mostly accurate with the barometer and temperature gauge , but to call this thing quality is akin to sacrilege . Again , made in China , no quality control and as usual another item I had to take apart and `` fix '' prior to it working properly . Albeit a simple fix this time of clearances for the arms due to the clock arms catching on the other two readouts . If the metal is truly copper it will represent the most `` expensive '' part of the clock , thin and lightweight , clear plastic face hot glued with 3 tabs , the rest cheap plastic well known in any `` made in China '' product . Was looking for a nice outdoor clock for the porch , while the facade is pleasant it certainly was n't worth $ 40 + , maybe a $ 10 clock and still a hefty profit .
 The clock is exactly what I thought I was getting , in so far as material quality and appearance . However , the clock portion only worked for a very short time . The minute hand keeps getting hung up on the hour hand , so therefore , it really does n't do what it 's suppose to do . There is no way to take the face of the clock off to adjust the clock hands .
 This clock appealed to me because I thought it would be a nice gift for a pool owner that I know . It has rusted and stopped working due to being outside . I do not recommend this as an outdoor item .
 I ordered this product as I used to have a similar one and my grandkids LOVED it ! When I received this one , one of the legs didnt operate when the rest of the spider did , the noise it took to `` activate '' the spider , well I finally gave the kids a metal spoon and a pan and let them bang it and THEN it finally activated . Overall , very cheap looking . I should have sent it back !
 very poor - could not get units to communicate even next to each other - much less from 100 feet -- do n't go there --
 THIS ITEM WAS ORDERED AND A WEEK PASSED WHEN ACE NOTIFIED ME THAT THIS ITEM IS OUT OF STOCK . THIS ITEM WAS IN STOCK WHEN I BOUGHT IT . THE AMAZON SITE STILL SAYS IT IS IN STOCK . THERE WAS A THREE DAY DELAY IN EVEN GETTING A RESPONSE FROM ACE . I 'VE REQUESTED A CANCELLATION FOR THIS ITEM . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS COMPANY .
 ordered almost month ago.no e-mail , no box , no money back -LRB- yet -RRB- very bad costumer service nobody should trust them with the own money
 The knockout I used on this box was barely scored . The metal dented and twisted before giving way . Very tough compared to a Square D box.The clamps to hold the wiring onto the plug barely grip the wire making assembly of the box a challenge.And finally the clever design of the box cover makes it impossible to screw the box fully down to a flat surface and still put it together so it hangs loose .
 Beware what you get is not what is pictured here . Now I do n't have a working generator and have to send this one back
 The feeder looks wonderful . It really does . The main trouble is the wind , or should I say breeze . Thats all it takes to make this feeder tilt and pour the feeding solution all over the ground . It simply swings too freely in the slightest breeze , unfortunate really because it is a very good looking feeder . For looks buy it , for feeding skip it.Ron
 I purchased one of these feeders a couple of years ago and the birds love it . I ordered another one last week and found that the company has re-designed the seed ports . Now all the seed rapidly pours out of the ports , wasting the seed . I attached one of the plastic trays to the feeder and the seed just piles up in mounds . I think the only seed mix that would work would be a jay/squirrel mix .
 After years of use , we thought it was time to replace our Droll Yankee feeder . The squirrel cover and the base shelf were broken from years of use and from falling to the ground from squirrels jumping on it and the suspension strings breaking . We bought this one and soon after we returned from a trip to find it on the ground with all of the rings around the feeding holes torn out either by a squirrel or perhaps a raccoon . The Droll Yankee design prevents that possibility so we found a new cover and a new base for the Droll Yankee and it is back in service . Also in our short use it did not seem that our birds liked being on the curved vertical wire . They prefer the horizontal resting wires under each Droll Yankee feeding hole .
 The bird feeder was sent as a gift and although it is nice looking , the seeds fall out of the feeder . This is regular feeder mix .
 Eight very small , dry , broken , tightly and badly packed lavender plants dying in a cardboard box arrived on my doorstep 10 days after ordering them . I quickly planted them in good potting soil with good drainage and in full sun . Four died within a week the other four are still performing badly after a month . Do n't waste your money .
 This article was terrible . I had to throw it away after the first use . The metal rods bent , the material was substandard . Unfortunately I had thrown away the box and the receipt as I did not forsee a problem and have not returned things before . What a waste of over $ 150 . I will buy locally in future .
 The generator is grossly overpriced even after the Hurricane . It is heavy and does not have wheels . I ordered a wheel kit and it came with no instructions and no way to know how to attach it . I would not recommend it at all .
 PURCHASED THIS ITEM AFTER CAREFULLY REVIEWING ALL THE PRO 'S AND CON 'S WITH EACH BRAND . PRICE WAS NOT A MAJOR FACTOR BUT PERFORMANCE WAS . BRAND NEW OUT THE BOX SITS A YG6600DE FULL OF OIL AND GAS , AFTER SEVERAL HOURS OF TRYING TO GET THE UNIT TO OPERATE PROPERLY - YAMAHA TELLS ME I HAVE TO RETURN IT TO A SERVICE CENTER . NEEDS ADJUSTING TO PREVENT THE GENERATOR FROM SURGING WHILE OPERATING A 1/3 HP GRINDER . I WAS ALSO TOLD BY YAMAHA THAT THIS WAS NOT A SMALL LOAD . I UNDERSTAND THE LOAD OF STARTING A MOTOR BUT COME ON , A 1/3 HORSE POWER GRINDER . . GIVE ME A BREAK . SO MY WORDS FOR YOU ARE , IF YOU WANT A HONDA BUY A HONDA ... KEVIN DAVENPORT
 This expensive panel although would do the job it is simply not needed.If you are remotely mounting the inverter like i did i just used a telephone line coupler -LRB- just a few dollars -RRB- to connect the inverter to your LCD panel via telephone cable . Happy inverting !!
 Bottom line ... . It is not the 808-1800 pictured , it is the 808-1801 which is just a simple switch box . The interface has the LCD . Proof for those who want to debate -LSB- ... -RSB- Look at the bottom of page two at the accessories .
 Amazon sent me the wrong part overnight two days in a row . The part does not match the picture . There is no LED or even close to the same part.The part they sent has a phone line and an on / off button only . The rep said after the second call he would send out the right one and it was wrong again . Then the rep never called me back after he said he would !!!
 The unit I received only has a switch and green LED , no LCD for battery voltage display , no amps display , no power display . I thought I must have ordered the wrong item and check to see if it worked with my PS1800 . It worked but when I checked my order , it was for the unit with full display ! So this one is going back .
 I bought mine in 2007 , installed it in Summer 2008 , it has been used less than 50 hours total and this Summer -LRB- 2011 , it 's out of warranty -RRB- it went belly up , took it to the local Xantrex `` REPAIR '' center and guess what , it ca n't be repaired ; OH THE IRONY ! The AC board -LRB- they think -RRB- went bad and ca n't be replaced . What an expensive piece of garbage , no more Xantrex for me . I was told by the repair center that Xantrex is making them irreparable as their objective . I do n't see how something that costs close to a grand is built with intent that it can not be repaired . Thanks Xantrex !!!!!
 First of all , this product is grossly misrepresented by the manufacturer . It is rated at 300 Watts output , but that 's only IF you cut the power cord and attach it directly to a 12v battery . Otherwise , according to the instruction book , it is only rated at 150 Watts . Now , if you have a shop and electrician 's tools and know how to solder , then you 're probably in fine shape . The extra pieces of equipment -LRB- inline switch , inline fuse , ring terminals -RRB- should n't be a major expense . Buying a solder gun and solder adds to the cost . And you may end up having to take it a shop to have them do all the connections if you suck at soldering . It can get expensive to turn this product in to the product it is advertised to be , easily another $ 15 to $ 30 . The actual manufacture costs of putting in the inline switch and fuse and providing ring terminal connections , probably would have cost the manufacturer an extra $ 1.50 , but that would cut into their profit margine too much . So you end up with a product which , to be used as advertised , has to modified at extra expense and time -LRB- and a lot of running around to hardware stores trying to find the parts and the tools -RRB- . I am inclined to return it , simply because it IS NOT ready to be used as it is represented . I do n't even know if the product works . Once I cut the power cord to make it functional as represented -LRB- 300 Watts -RRB- , I can probably no longer return it -LRB- it may even void the warranty -RRB- . So I am stuck with a dilemma ... return it , and buy a product that is REALLY a 300 Watt inverter , or try to modify it so that I can use it at the rated power . It is definitely false advertising . And I do n't consider educational experiences like this anything more than frustrating and annoying . If you 're an electrician , then you probably wo n't have any problems -LRB- on the other hand , if you 're an electrician , you probably wo n't be needing/wanting such a small unit anyway -RRB- . Consider yourself forewarned . As is , this is only a 150 Watt inverter -LRB- and an expensive one considering -RRB- .
 As sold this item provides 150 watts maximum . It has to be modified at considerable effort to provide the 300-500 watts claimed . This modification voids the warrenty and has a high likelihood of ruining the unit for good . In addition , unless you design your own interchangable rewiring , once modified , it will be usable only when directly connected to a vehicle battery and NOT via the cigarette lighter . If you need versatility , look for a unit that comes with interchangable or dual power cords -LRB- one for direct battery connection , one for cigarette lighter connection -RRB- . If you need the higher wattage , get one already wired for direct battery connection . If you do n't need the higher wattage , you can buy a smaller , less expensive unit .
 I bought this to be some power backup at home and when camping . Got the product and tried to run my 27 inch TV on it ... . only to find it did n't work.Looking at the guarantee , it indicated that an additional accessory is necessary to test the guarantee . -LRB- A direct connection to the battery . -RRB- I purchased the necessary equipment and tried the inverter on the 27 inch TV . After several unsuccessful attempts -LRB- 5 or 6 -RRB- the TV did come on.It ran for more than an hour on the inverter . By that time it was late at night and I had to go to bed ... disconnected the inverter from the battery.The next morning I got up early to continue the test . -LRB- I wanted to see how long the TV would run on a full charged battery . -RRB- In my morning haze , I connected the polarity in the connection wrong . -LRB- Just for a small fraction of a second , and the switch on the inverter was in the off position . -RRB- The inverter is now dead . It no longer functions at all.Now I 'm investigating how much $ $ it 'll cost me to get a working inverter ... -LRB- The warrantee does not cover this mistake , so it is my dime now . -RRB- BE CAREFUL ! THIS PRODUCT IS VERY UNFORGIVING . I suggest looking for an inverter with polarity protection ... this one dows not have it .
 I live in southern california and my yard is over-run by gophers . I bought this trap first from amazon as it supposedly is meant for novice users who are just beginning their gopher-eradication journey.The trap arrived in a paper box , which had pretty much no useful instruction in placing the trap . Should you place one trap in each direction of the tunnel ? Should you cover up the end hole ? the top opening ? Should you place bait ? Should you wear gloves ? Should the joint of the trap and the tunnel be air tight ? Should you use it in the main run ? Or can it be used in the lateral openings ? No help on any of these items in the instructions.Anyway , I set the trap 3 times , and each time the little critters filled them up with dirt . I finally got fed up and bought a couple of the victor easy-set traps . With those , I have had good success after placing them in the tunnels . This one is a waste . I do n't know how it got such high reviews .
 I used it twice so far , once with Peanut butter & the second time with a carrot , and both times it failed . I thought I had set it up properly , but maybe not . I tried the poison peanuts with a point type applicator sold elsewhere here & killed both a Gopher which had eluded me in the past with 4 other type traps , and I also killed 2 other moles all with 1st try . I may give this Box another try in the future , but the poison works best for me . Ernest Riedel , Bushnell , FL
 I bought 2 of these goper traps after seeing soem good reviews in Amazon.But I put some carrots in the trap and set it on.The gopers came and ate the carrots , the trap went off.But there was no gopher trapped.Its is use less , I rate it only 1 star.RK
 I only bought this trap after i could no longer find the `` Black Hole '' -LRB- which worked every time -RRB- . I must have set this trap at least 30 times and never once caught anything . Finally found the `` Black Hole '' gopher trap again , bought a couple of 'em and been killing gophers without fail ever since . By the way the only reason i needed more in the first place is because I would get lazy and fail to stake the trap down - next day , it would be gone courtesy of a coyote or fox . There 's a reason for the different pricing - one works , the other does n't
 This is the first set of traps I used for my gopher problem in my yard . It came with instructions on only how to set the trap , not where to place it in regards to the gopher hole/runway . After researching how to set box-style traps , I tried for a week in various locations throughout my yard where there was recent activity . The problem was n't finding the gopher , but it was that the gopher would push dirt into the trap and not set it off . He was essentially pushing about three inches of dirt into the trap and sealing off himself from the plastic intrusion . The lever to set off the trap is even further back from that , so he never got far enough in the trap to do what it 's supposed to do . I finally purchased a two-pack of Victor Easy Set metal traps , and caught the sunofagun on the first setting of the traps . Other people have had success with this type of trap , but not me . Hope this helps people in the future .
 Item was listed as gopher - mole trap . Really is designed for gophers . I feel mislead on this item . However it should work well for gophers . Not really designed for moles .
 This item has a bottom shelf with 17 wooden slats on it . Every single one of them was loose or fell off during shipping . I tried hammering each one back in but each time I did that another one would fall off . DO NOT ORDER THIS ITEM unless you have glue , hammer and nails and an extra 1-2 hours to assemble everything correctly.Also the instructions only come with a type written note on a piece of white paper . This was a joke !
 I was very excited to get this umbrella . I bought it about two months ago . It was attractive . I needed help to get it up the stairs but did manage to put it together on my own.I could not figure out how to make it tilt . I used it and always cranked it down when not using it . It moves in the wind alot - even a gentle wind.One day I was nearby - it was up and I noticed the wind picked up . Immediately I ran to crank it down - the crank would not crank and it smashed my thumb . Then the umbrella - with its heavy looking metal bars blew upside down and broke off where it looked to be welded.This was a pricey luxury investment for me and i expected it to last years . Not months especially not only 2 . both the person i bought it from through amazon and the manufacturer said there was nothing they could do . So off in the trash it goes and i will never purchase a coolaro umbrella again . I used it exactly as recommended ... Oh the coolaro lady said it would not have broken if you kept it down - i laughed and said so how do you use it if its down ? since i was using it when the wind picked up and it broke . -LRB- there was no weather report of strong wind that day -RRB- she said . hmm that 's true . She was very nice and apologized but in this economy an investment like this is nothing to sneeze at . My patio is in direct sun all day - but i am going to go with a less expensive product since its going to break anyway . BOO !!!!! I did purchase through amazon - its not their fault .
 I too , loved this umbrella when it was new . But now just a year and a half later the plastic piece that holds the cantilever arm is cracked . The company will not sell a replacement part because they say it is too dangerous ! If I put it up without them I think I could slide a new plastic piece on as well . Not to mention a broken umbrella crashing down once the plastic snaps . Looking back through their history on Amazon this seems to be a recurring problem . I am so disappointed in Gale Pacific .
 My family bought one of these umbrellas , but during a rain storm , the wind was apparently too much for the plastic part that serves as the fulcrum , because it broke . It seems from the other reviews that we were not the only ones to have this problem.Our efforts to obtain a replacement part have been unsuccessful . If only they had a stronger , preferably metal , replacement part , this would be an ideal umbrella , especially with it 's very reasonable cost.Why such a key part is made of plastic instead of metal when this part is at the key point with the most stress is beyond me . But unless you only use this umbrella when there is no chance for any strong wind , we could not recommend it .
 We purchased two of the 10 ' umbrellas about six months ago . They worked fine until the wind started breaking the weak plastic connectors . These are now useless and the Coolaroo dealer says they do no provide replacement parts at any price . I would not recommend buying this product .
 I gave this one star because 0 stars was n't an option . We have had the umbrella for 4 months and it 's already broken . We did n't use it very often because it always looked like it was going to tip over whenever there was the slightest amount of wind . Moving it from one spot to another caused the plastic arm to break off , even though the moveable arm was n't touched at all when we moved it -LRB- we held it by the main post -RRB- . We ca n't use it at all . Coolaroo does n't stock replacement parts so it was a complete waste of money . DO NOT BUY THIS !
 The umbrella is great when it is working . However , it just takes a little wind in the wrong direction to completely destroy the plastic parts and the umbrella becomes useless . Mine lasted around 2 1/2 years and there is not much wind here .
 the coolaroo was wonderful until the breeze blew at a wrong angle and the umbrella arm snapped . We called customer service for replacement parts . The part that connect it to the stand and they said ... sorry , it 's past warranty period and no , they do n't carry that replacement part . It could be a easy repair by my husband but we ca n't find the parts . One season and kaput . the only one we have is fine .
 After 11 months of using this umbrella the housing for the crank cracked and then the crank started slipping.I called and found that they do n't sell replacement parts and the warranty is only on the shade . The part that was slipping inside the crank housing was a plastic disc that had been worn through by the metal crank . Do n't buy one of these !!! If you have already bought one do n't expect it to last more than one season.I will never buy another Coolaroo product !!
 We purchased this item in May 2008 and loved it for about 10 months . Then the couplings that hold/slide the umbrella -LRB- which are made of plastic -RRB- began to crack . Eventually in the next few months , they cracked through , rendering the umbrella useless as it could not be held in place nor held open . Unfortunately , the company does not make replacement parts and it has been more than 12 months since the initial purchase . We love the umbrella but it 's shamefull that either we got a lemon or this is a potential problem with no solution . Since it is out in the hot sun , you 'd think the couplings would be made of a sturdier material . KEEP YOUR RECEIPT VERIFICATION !
 This was a very nice umbrella ... before it broke . The other issue was the fact that this umbrella is for shade , not to shelter you from the rain . I knew that fact , but my wife did not . She was not happy with that fact ... my bad for not conveying that it was just for shade . Today I was going to laydown in my hammock , and I put the umbrella up for the shade . The wind picked up and the cheap plastic joint where the umbrella is attached to the arm broke.Ok , so the fact that I had it up in the wind is my fault , but the fact that this thing is made of cheap plastic that cracks and breaks easily is not my fault . I called `` customer support '' to get a replacement part . I was prepared to pay , since the umbrella was out of warranty , and it was partially my fault . `` Sorry sir we do n't have replacement parts for the umbrellas . '' , was all she said . THEY DO NOT WARRANTY THE STAND AT ALL , ONLY THE FABRIC . Well maybe they should n't sell the stand if they are not going to stand behind it . The fabric is in great shape . Shame I ca n't use it today . I 'm sure I will find a way to rig this thing so it stays open , but it wo n't be pretty . Maybe I could start a side business of building replacement parts for Coolaroo umbrellas . For $ 250 I would expect this thing to be made of quality materials . Many fasteners were rusted . The base was rusting . And the dark brown plastic was brittle and cracking . I took it in during the cold winter months also . I will never purchase another Coolaroo umbrella again , and I would suggest you avoid the disappointment also . : - -LRB-
 I purchased this feeder at a local store to detract squirrels - the squirrels love it ! In fact , they can jump onto it from the ground , hang on it and tip the seeds out . They empty it in about a day . If you have squirrels , do n't waste your money . I gave it 2 stars for it 's durability .
 This item came in a box that was about 3 ft x 4 ft with only a couple pieces of brown paper for packing . Needless to say , the squirrel was broken off the stake upon arrival . It seemed more of a hassle to return in that kind of package than it was worth . Tried to salvage by having it welded but the metal is too thin .
 I ordered 2 of these for my hammock chairs and was sorry to discover they do n't work AT ALL . The tripod legs do n't lock in place , so as soon as you sit down , the legs gradually slide out until you are on the floor . When I put my 3-year-old in the chair , she was OK , as she only weighs 35 lbs . But I ca n't see a way an adult could sit in these things . I weigh about 150 , and could only sit in the chair for about 30 seconds before my butt was on the floor . Very disappointed in this purchase and returned both of my stands . A great idea in theory , but the stands I ordered simply did n't work .
 I really liked the tripod for my hammock chair , but one of the rings at the on the leg of the tripod arrived broken .
 These drain racks are cheaply made and dangerously designed . These racks are supposed to be used for draining hot turkeys immediately after you remove them from the boiling hot oil . This rack is so small , it requires you to have to practically place your hand underneath the dripping turkey in order to set it on the top edge of the frying pot . There is also the risk of burning your fingers on the pot itself as you put this dinky rack on the top rim.This rack should have been designed with a handle that keeps your hands out of harms way . No wonder you never see these things . I went to the King Kooker -LRB- Metal Fusion -RRB- web site and they do n't even list these anymore . I wonder if they quit making them because of poor sales or numerous lawsuits !! Good idea , but a bad design .
 This is not a bird bath . It could be used as a feeder , but it needs to be cleaned frequently.Not worth the money !!!!
 doesnt work worth anything and loses suction within a half hour . just spurts dirty water back into pond . bag comes off within seconds and spreads muck everywhere . plus adding lots of chlorinated water into pond . terrible design . do n't waste the twenty odd bucks !
 It would be great if I could figure out how it worked . Or maybe it just does n't work . I email seller and no respond . Still waiting to see if he has the answer . I love the idea of the pond vac and since I only have a small one to take care of this would be great but so far nothing happening .
 After reading the other reviews I thought I would order this to see if it would work on my pond . Quick answer no it did not . Great concept . It uses a reverse flow to direct the water backward away from nozzel and hence creates suction . I thought I would be able to fill the pond and clean at the same time . Problem is that the collect net is directly in the water flows path . As the muck gets vacuumed up into the net it -LRB- the muck -RRB- gets caught in the net . However , one the net is all filled up with muck the pressure increases on the net and it breaks away from the vacuum . This would be okay if there was a lot of muck but its only enough to barely cover the screen/net . I tried for two days to get it to work . Used lots of patience but no luck . I wish it did work but now have to find another muck solution .
 It 's made of very cheap plastic , joints were glued together crooked , bag comes off during use , and after little use the seams of bag started to fray . The bag was also too small and the mesh did nothing to screen out fine particles . Definitely NOT worth $ 20 .
 Please , do n't waste your money buying this junk . It 's a good idea , but the tubing is so flimsy and cheap that it broke before I ever even had a chance to put the vacuum in the water !
 After using this equipment , I 'd suggest that others spend a little more money and skip buying this . The construction is just too flimsy and the vacuum is kinda lame . On my initial use , the small vacuum bag immediately clogged with fine algae , rendering the vacuum completely useless . This might be overcome if you attached a much larger vacuum bag . I have n't tried that yet , nor do I know where I 'd get something usable as a larger replacement . Anyway , the handles/poles that this thing uses are just cheap plastic and it would n't take much to crack them . So far , the best thing in the pack is the brush , but attaching it to a hose is useless . There 's almost no ` power ' to be used as a power brush ... and I have excellent water pressure . The water just trickles out of the brush head . It 's much more efficient to use the brush while not attached to a hose , and definitely not attached to the extension -LRB- which means you better have a semi-shallow pond , and be prepared to reach your arms into the water . -RRB- . Anyway , I wish I would have put the money spent on this towards a more robust solution .
 This vac is ok for light duty only . I have a small pond and wanted a small vac to clean up the occasional leaves or light debris which windy weather can bring . . The bag has a tendency to fall off when filed more than 30 % . The pole can not withstand weight either . The brush attachment does work well to scrub sides of dirt/light build up . Would invest in heavy duty model vacuum if your pond is of any significant size . This vac is serviceable for small ponds and fountains .
 I bought these crystals as director 's gifts for my husbands cast from `` Blithe Spirit '' . I was so pleased to find pretty 30 % lead crystals as such a low price . The faceting is good , the problem is the opening at the top for a cord or hanger . They are poorly cut and almost impossible to get anything through . It took Him several HOURS to work a small gold thread through 12 of them for the gift bags . If you 're buying them to put into a bowl or other container for display they 're a bargain .
 When I received my crystal ball the bubble type envelope was in perfect condition . When I opened the envelope there was a small plastic molded piece encasing half the crystal ball . It was n't until I took the crystal out and turned it around that I noticed the tiny chips scattered over the surface . Looks almost like someone hacked at it with a tiny ice pick . Since the packaging was in perfect condition and the plastic molding conveintly covered all the surface defects I believe the item was damaged before shipment . I also think the seller tried to cover the flaws with the packaging OR he has no idea what it means to inspect items sold to insure a quality product is sent to his customers . I sent the seller an email and I was told he would happily replace the item . That was about 3 months ago and I still have n't received an email or replacement . The crystal ball was very inexpensive and I was n't too worried about it but I ca n't stand it when people do n't do what they say they will . I gave up and ordered another from Davidson lighting-much better experience .
 These crystals arrived on the same day as 15 larger crystals from another Amazon retailer . After being amazed by the quality of the larger crystals , I excitedly opened the 20inch ones . What a LETDOWN ! Every single ball had a strange yellow discoloration . Specifically
 I ordered 30mm crystal balls from a different seller for the same price as these 20 mm . I had no idea the difference in Quality until they arrived . These have air bubbles , cracks , and a very uneven cuts , so they produce really poor , if any rainbows . unfortunately shipping them back would have probably cost me the same , so I kept them , but beware , these are very poor quality and a big disappointment .
 crystal looks pretty , but its `` rainbows '' are pitiful . no good for rainbows . it is so tiny it is useless except as a Christmas tree or table top decoration . This items was WAY better :76 mm Teardrop Suncatcher Crystal Prisms # 873-76
 We have one of these high end units on each floor of our house , plus many of the Lentek lower models . None of them work ... at all .
 I had purchased a new Toro string trimmer a month or so before.It came with a coil of nylon -LRB- ? -RRB- string loaded , so I used it each week normally without any problem.As the string shortened , I bumped out some new line.At one point I purchased this product for eventual use.The time came and I spooled on some of this string.Nightmare.It lasts a short time then breaks off at the feed hole.What a pain to disassemble the head two or three times while I 'm working.Clearly cheaply made stuff.Avoid it .
 I 've had this for several years . I love the way it looks , but unless there is a large amount of rain -LRB- e.g. , an inch or more -RRB- , the float is not displaced by the water and it gives a low or now reading . it appears that there is too much friction between the plastic tube and the brass interior . I have tried washing with soap and water , but that has only improved marginally.I still use it in my front yard , but I bought a simpler working one -LRB- glass tube with calibrated markings -RRB- that works much better
 Put this out before a major rain and noticed that it showed no rain while my other showed 1/4 '' . The reason - this has a cheesy core that is a foam material which absorbed the water leaving none in the copper tube . Then , as a test , I filled it - the tube displaced the water which just ran out until it hit the 3-1/4 '' mark.Long and short of it is it is worthless at low rain levels but stops at about 3 '' - what a waste !
 Does not seem to be made of the same quality as the chain that came with the Poulan I purchased . Need to sharpen it quite often after just cutting a few logs . Once sharpened it works OK again but all the wear and tear plus al the sharpening will result in a short life for this product . I made sure the tension was not too tight . Next time I will do a little more research a far as where the item was manufactured .
 This Poulan chain just is n't up to scratch - it was creating sawdust not chips and needed excessive force to cut -LRB- yes , it was mounted in the correct direction -RRB- Maybe I just got a bad one , I do n't know , but I do know that I recently put an Oregon bar and chain on my 400E and now it is better than I ever remember it being , even when new . I ca n't therefore recommend this chain , despite it being inexpensive .
 I purchased this item thinking that it was a reasonable price for 2 chains . However I only received 1 chain -- when I asked the vendor -LRB- Builder Depot -RRB- about this they said the ad was in error , told me to keep the 1 chain I received , and gave me a full refund . So , beware , the ad is in error , but the Vendor is very honest and a pleasure to deal with .
 The scraper is plastic and poor quality . A heavy rubber would have been more efficient . You will have to exert twice the energy to remove a small amount of snow or ice . I do n't recommend this product .
 I had n't even used this ice scraper 10 times before the handle snapped off the head . The review by Wayne proves that this is n't just an occasional problem.When I used it , the blade worked well on the side windows , but not on the windshield for removing frost . Since I do n't have any experience with ice scrapers , I ca n't compare . The brush is really nice for removing snow and scraped off frost . But save your money and find another product , because this ice scraper is too expensive to have it break on you so easily .
 Great tool for removing snow from your car . Not so good for ice . The head broke off when trying to remove ice from the car and I do n't think it was designed to withstand use as an ice scraper .
 Product Specs in ad say broom is 36.97 x8 .49 x 13.83 inches wide . The tiny little broom i received is 31 x 4 x 7.5 inches wide . This is unacceptable . It would be like removing snow from your car with a hair brush . However , Amazon refunded me and did n't even want me to send it back .
 item arrive ontime , howwever it comes out of the package loose could not get the damn thing to fit tightly it was just too loose .
 I bought one of these last summer and it did n't work -LRB- threw out the box so I could n't return it -RRB- . Bought another one last week figuring the 1st one was defective and it did n't either . It should have tipped me off that I had to wade through 6 reduced price `` opened box '' items before finding a new one.The specifics
 Return time ! I have not found evidence that a single bug has been killed by this device in over 8 hours of use with high insect traffic flying and landing in and around it.If I were an insect , I would say this zapper is an insult to my intelligence.If it is completely silent when it zaps , and vaporizes bugs into a fine mist , I will stand corrected .
 This thing simply does not work . Bugs fly to it , around it , and sit on it.But none are killed , or kept away .
 On this site it 's called the Kaz Inc but at some other stores it 's just called the Stinger.Does not work . At . All.I agree with the other review where he left it inside his garage overnight and it did n't kill anything . I have a garage full of bugs and flies , so I left it in there overnight - three nights in a row - and it did n't kill anything . Nothing . I moved it from the back of the garage to the middle and even placed it on top of an old refrigerator.Nothing.It 's going back . It 's worthless.Amazon
 As previously indicated , it does not do a good job of attracting insects -LRB- including the use of the so-called mosquito lure -RRB- . On top of this insult , the bulb lasted about 2 months . At $ 17.30 for the replacement , this company would do a fine business ... if their product worked at all . Into the trash it goes . I would not even give to Goodwill or Habitat !
 At the time I bought this brush it was about half the price -LRB- ~ $ 6 -RRB- of the very similar Weber brush . There 's a reason it 's half the price , there 's less than half the bristles . My Weber brush lasted about a year , this one only a few months . At the current price of $ 21 it 's an absolute ripoff . Buy the Weber brush instead .
 Either I have a very strong and smart mouse , or I have a defective glue board , or it just plain doesnt work . This critter has done nothing but taunt me and play with the thing , and I know he 's eaten the food off of it , but I find it in different parts of the room , and worst of all is when he flipped the thing over on my kitchen floor . Try pulling that off for your next work out !!
 Yet another contraption to catch mice that does not work . Our mouse somehow got loose . He left behind some obvious mouse poop and there was evidence of a struggle with some glue missing , but none the less he got away making trap USELESS !!! Another reviewer states he caught several mice on one trap I do n't know how that would be possible ?
 This is the most inhumane and disgusting item that I have seen in ages . Once the animal is caught it can not move and if it struggles it gets even more caught up in the glue . Our neighbor caught a bird in theirs and as we tried to free it the birds got both wings and its tail caught in the glue and was literally crying ! It turns my stomach to even remember the scene long enough to write about it . The man who set out the trap is gone for several days and any animal caught would have been left to suffer that whole time .
 The thermometer and timer appear to work fine , but the range of the transmitter limits the received to about 10 feet . That makes the remote feature almost useless . First , I tried the batteries that come with the device ; then I changed them for fresh new cells , suspecting the batteries were weak , but that did n't improve the transmission range . I gave the unit one star as a remote monitor . It would deserve four or five stars if it were really useable as a remote monitor .
 This shade sail was disappointing . It was so curved in on the sides that it did n't give enough shade . Wasted money on this product . They look good in pics but are n't really shade friendly . Where we live there is a lot of wind and it was always flapping and actually blew down a couple of times . The wind can do havoc with them .
 Cheap $ 85 price is offset by $ 51 shipping and handling fee . Ends up costing MORE than the same item sold for $ 120 elsewhere on Amazon with free shipping .
 i ordered the coolaroo shade sail thinking this was going to funk-up my backyard and make it look hip and modern . I had seen it in a pic of a friend 's backyard and it looked great . I had a hard time determining the right size - on the online info there were no recommendations that i could find regarding suitable sizing of sail to space , and even when i received it it was n't clear what the size was , so i had to try to pull all 16ft around the backyard to figure out how to hang it . It was too big for my yard in the end and after spending 78 dollars to have it shipped to Canada , i gave it to my parents to use . I was surprised by the fabric - very plastic and synthetic looking , not canvas-y as I expected.Overall , I was disappointed with the whole thing , though it may just have been due to my high expectations as I know there were lots of positive even raving reviews I had read online . good luck w your shade sail ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 i do n't really know how the product is . After reading more detailed information included with the product , it says not recommended for the pool because the clorine could effect/shorten the product life . It seems that the ad shows the coolaroo shade being used next to the pool . And that 's what we bought it for . Not sure what to do with them now - still siting in the box next to the door gathering dust ... . Oh , well . i 'm sure its a great product , just not for us .
 The shade is okay , but the company sent the wrong item at first , and then took almost 6 weeks to make it right .
 Cool-aroo concept here , but needs much consideration before buying . I have a patio that is 16 X 27 . I figured if I hung this thing about 9 to 10 feet about one side of it I would get about 33 % shade . Well they fail to tell you that the sail is an acute triangle -LRB- although the picture looks slightly like it -RRB- . The coverage is very poor and requires you to pair it up with another one or two ; but then you have to sink more poles if you do n't have other structures to attach to.So I gave it two stars based off the fact they try really hard to sell you the overall concept in one sail . Two or more is definitely needed.The quality of the product is good . The fabric seems really durable and they corner rings are strong.In the end , I returned it . It just was n't for me ; and did n't want to sink more poles off my patio .
 Spent weeks installing the perimeter wiring and ran good for 3 weeks and then the wheel broke and not I am back to using my push mower . Save yourself the frustration .
 The mower works for about 10 minutes , then stops and display Recharge Battery . I did charge it as per the Instruction -LRB- leave it always plugged to charger -RRB- but no matter what I ca n't get more than 10 min out of it . Well , in 10 min it does n't really do anything useful so it is completelly unusable . Because of its size it is not easy to ship for testing or service , I still do n't know if the battery was given to me dead or if the charging in mower is broken . There is very little help offered and whatever I do with it will be expensive.My toro gas mower works reliably for years without any service or guesswork.I agree that it is a great idea , but it may not work as advertised .
 It 's cute and more or less works . The yard has to be perfect for it to work well . If I have to police the yard and make sure a wheel ca n't be trapped or a water hose mangled , why not just mow while I 'm at it . The controller is at the very bottom of the A.I. scale , but my wife likes it . After this summer , maybe I can sneak it onto E-bay .
 I freely admit that I am a geek , and I reveled at the idea of having a robotic lawn mower . What I did not realize -LRB- until wasting the money -RRB- is that your lawn must be perfect in order for the Robomower to work perfectly . By perfect , I mean , it must be very shallow , with no significant root system -LRB- e.g. St. Augustine sod does * not * work well with this ! -RRB- , and your lawn must be * very * level.Our first experiences with the Robomower was after the first full day of laying out the perimeter wire -LRB- which was eventually pulled up by the grass and cut by the mower ! -RRB- - yes , it took a day , and we have a small backyard ! The mower proceeded to get stuck anywhere there was a bump in the lawn . We figured that since this was a new lawn , it would eventually smooth over and no problem ! Wrong ! The wheels are plastic , not knobby rubber , so it can not grip into grass of any significant height . Therefore , the wheels spin , and your mower will sit in one place , doing nothing . Also , the programming meant that it continually tried to go back and forth through the side lawn between us and our neighbor - the short length ! It would go 3 feet , turn , go back 3 feet , turn , etc. . This alone took 45 minutes , especially since it kept spinning its wheels or getting stuck in the `` hill '' at the seam of our lawns.When we called `` Friendly '' Robotics to complain , they told us we got an old model , and that we should send the whole mower -LRB- which would cost us $ 75 in shipping -RRB- _ AND _ $ 299 more -LRB- for the upgrade -RRB- , so they could add knobby tires and update the software . This still does not make it work any better.Until recently , we were just using the Nintendo controller to mow our yard manually -LRB- still pushing it forward over bumps or when the tires spin ; still pushing it down to make sure it cut the level we want -RRB- , which always gave us cramped thumbs and claw-like hands after taking 1.5 hours to mow a small yard . My wife and I decided we would just work this way until we ran it into the ground and had saved enough money to get a real mower . Well , after less than 2 years , the battery now refuses to charge past 10 minutes worth of real use.To sum up : - The mower and battery are far too heavy for shipping to the company for any repairs - the tires slip and do n't grip , even on dry grass - the mowing algorithm is massively inefficient - the manual control is carpal tunnel waiting to happen - the battery life is minimal - the yard looks better if I cut it with a weed wackerWe basically hate this mower and recommend no one buy from them ever again !
 Great idea for a product ... Horrible follow through ... I purchased the robomower and brought it home to set up . I spent a full day pushing stakes in the ground setting up a zone . When the time came to realease the robo , it kept going off course ... hmmmmm . I call the comapny and they have no idea -LRB- also no idea how to speak English -RRB- what is wrong . Then after ten call backs they figure out that my zone is too large -LRB- not in the instructions -RRB- . So , I spend another day to set up a three zone configuration . It works for one day and the next day my robomower is in the middle of the street , while my neighbors laugh at me ... In summary , this a great idea with potential but the company and support are horrible ... Think of it as Windows 3.0 .
 You would think a designer like Philip Starck would n't lend his name to a product as poorly conceived and executed as this . While it sure looks cool on the nightstand , it fails at the most basic of functions , not the least of which is telling time . The clock is supposed to be able to communicate with the Atomic Clock and keep absolute time . Suffice it to say that although it had the proper time when I went to bed last night , at 6:30 am this morning my clock read 2:15 am - yes , it changes time randomly and not infrequently . While this malfunction alone should disqualify this product as a `` clock '' radio , basic usability seals its fate . For some reason , all of the controls are laid out in a 6 x 6 grid of rubberized buttons on the back of the device . That makes it impossible to see the buttons and the face of the clock when you are setting it . Further , the buttons arent easy to tell apart by feel , which makes shutting off the alarm very difficult in the morning - in the haze of sleep differentiating between the buttons on the back of the clock is nearly impossible . Then , when you pick up the clock to look at the buttons , the AC adapter cord falls out -LRB- it doesnt `` click '' into place -RRB- and when that happens , the light on the clock automatically turns off ! All in all a total disaster from an implementation standpoint . Starck should stick to designing sofas .
 Pay heed to all the comments above from the previous reviewer - also read the epinions comments . They 're on target - stay away and save your money - if you want good sound quality for the price I 'd go with JVC . May look cool . . but the reception , sound quality and functionality are worthless . Plus extremely frustrating to operate and the instructions are very confusing.I wonder if Phillipe owns one of these . . ?
 While this feeder is beautiful to behold , the orioles would much rather use the hummingbird feeder next to it ... even though it means contorting to reach the feeder hole.Not recommended .
 My finches and orioles keep the hummingbirds chased away from their feeder so I bought this oriole feeder . If a bird lands on it , it dips and spills the nectar on the ground and so far only 1 finch has figured out how to use it . They all prefer the hummingbird feeder so I now have 2 of them . This oriole feeder goes in the trash .
 Although this is a nice looking feeder , it is very impractical . The only reason I gave it even one star is because the hummingbirds like to drink from it . The basic problem with it is that the the length of the perches are way too short for the size of an oriole . They land on them and can not drink . They then try to reach around to the next hole to drink and cant ' t reach , get frustrated and leave . Now , if a hummingbird can sit on the perch and drink would n't you think an oriole might be too big ? They are !
 As received , the two-piece plastic base was poorly assembled and could not hold water . Fortunately , it was so badly made that the problem was obvious . After much fiddling to mate the pieces together as intended , it still leaked . The parts were warped and did not line up well . A tube of crazy glue completed the construction of this product , creating a leak-free reservoir . The plastic threads on the base looked trouble-prone , but did screw together satisfactorily with the glass tank . Looking at the placement of the perches , I wonder if a Baltimore Oriole -LRB- what I get -RRB- will be able to use this feeder . Be sure to mount with perches pointing down , not up . Will try bending them further down to increase the distance from feeder ports . It is a very attractive feeder , but will look even better if the orioles use it .
 This is a very attractive feeder , but it needs to be redesigned to be more friendly to orioles . When I received mine I found that the perches were much too short for orioles to sit and feed comfortably from the nectar holes . After assembling the feeder and comparing its perches to those of other oriole feeders offered on the internet , I returned the feeder to the seller . This was with some regret because I thought it was quite beautiful in appearance . The illustration does n't show the birds actually feeding so one does n't know if they can easily drink the nectar . This product was a disappointment , but I think it could have been redesigned to make a more oriole friendly source of nectar and a really beautiful addition to one 's garden .
 DOES NOT ATTRACT ORIOLES , JUST HUMMERS . NOT WORTH THE EXPENSE . ORIOLES ACTUALLY PEFER THE HUMMINGBIRD FEEDERS AND THE HUMMERS NECTOR .
 Disappointed with this flawed item ! It seemed so solid when I bought it -LRB- glass jar , heavy plastic , metal -RRB- . But the threads of the jar and bottom feeder do n't mesh securely . The feeder part spins rather than tightens up . With only one cup of nectar in the jar -LRB- it hold four cups , the bottom FELL OFF in a gust of wind . I wonder if the paint is too thick or threads not cut deep enough . Whatever the reason it 's being returned .
 The day after I received this feeder in the mail , I assembled it and filled it with sugar water . The next day I noticed the feeder was almost empty but I had seen no orioles in the yard . Upon closer inspection I found that the solution was leaking out the bottom of the feeder . At first I tried tightening the container holding the water but I found it did not have sufficient threads to tighten . I looked underneath the feeder and noticed the plastic plate was partially out so I popped it in hoping I had stopped the leak . Unfortuneately , I slowed the leak down but did not stop it . The next step was to take a bottle of Gorilla glue and put a bead of it around the entire seam of the plastic plate.I live 15 miles from the nearest post office so I hope I do n't have to box this thing up and send it back , but I will if the glue does n't work . This feeder is manufactured and guaranteed by Perky Pet in Denver , Colorado . I was suspicious that this feeder was made in Denver and after looking a little closer I found the `` made in China '' label . It is a classic piece of Chinese-made junk that companies are so happy to sell us . I 'm guessing the wokers were unskilled and underpaid and possibly even kids . This product should not be for sale on the Amazon website as it clearly makes Amazon look as if it has no standards for even the minimum amount of quality . If you have time and energy to bother with fixing this feeder yourself or if you like repacking stuff and sending it back , then it 's the one for you . I 'll give it one star because it did arrive in a timely manner .
 I used it with my battery chargers and the first time the protection ckt was tested the power supply failed and started to blow fuses . when I went to company to ask about fixing it they told me that I was out of the two year warranty by a mounth and that it would be cheeper to buy a new one then to have them fix it . So my $ 400.00 was wasted . I used this thing about 5 times . shame on you .
 I have sent out for a replacement -LRB- Thank you amazon -RRB- . Once it gets here if the new one functions like this one should have I will fix this review . I plugged it in just like the directions said . Set the voltage to 14V . This was intended to power my Hitec X4 battery charger for my Rc Helicopters and planes . Well on the first power up after about 2 mins of being powered on the little light started flashing and the protection module alarm went off . The battery charger hooked up is a 200W 20amp battery charger . This is a 35amp 600w power supply . So I was no where near the limits -LRB- did that intentionally -RRB- . Needless to say they are going to pick it up tomorrow and a new one should be here on Friday . If the new one works properly I will adjust this review , but until then I cant justify it . I was using half its load capacity and it lasted less than 5 mins . -LRB- I was actually only using 3 amps on the charger , pulling 5amps from the unit -RRB- ,
 i was really happy with this product.when it worked . i bought it about a year or so ago . i use it to power car audio equipment in my house because i no longer have any desire for the loud speakers in my car anymore . used this product probably less than 50 times and a resistor burnt up inside of it . i emailed amazon about it and they were awesome . no problems or questions asked within a few days i had a response and noticed they had already shipped a new one to me which i recieved in about a week or less . so i sent the old one back in the new ones packaging and hooked up the new one to my car audio equipment . within a couple months the fuse blew so i replaced it with the same size fuse . tried several fuses and everytime as soon as i plug it in and turn it on it blows the fuse . now trying to get ahold of pyramid to resolve my issues and can not get a response back from them . amazon ... Great job . Pyramid ... your awful
 I was disappointed to find that the meters are not illuminated , something I guess I took for granted . I emailed Sound Around 's Tech Support department twice to verify that the meters were not lighted and were not , in fact , defective , and have gotten NO REPLY of any sort.The unit has developed a little squeek when I turn it off . It sounds like perhaps the fan bearings need more lube . I have no idea but this does not bode well for a one month old unit.Honestly , I would have returned it but it weighs 18 pounds and UPS shipping back to Amazon would have run $ 25 or more . -LRB- I received it from Amazon with free shipping . -RRB- The bottom line
 The function of these work as expected . The downfall is the constuction sucks compared the the older ones Weber made . These are made of tin held together by small tabs that will come undone and spill the hot coals everywhere . When this happens , and it will , things turn into a real nightmare.There is a better option called The Smokenator sold here on Amazon . The smokenator is a 5 star item .
 Do not like them , can only get one to burn . Makes fire to close to grete ...
 A handle was missing - the box was retaped - may be a return from a store , etc.Overall , the item is chintzy - you have to assemble it.The charcoal pan is painted black - this will burn off slowly.I am going to assemble it , but this item , when shipping is included , is a total ripoff.John B
 Essentially a one-season , lightweight , hibachi that does n't stand up to extended use.So , at $ 12 it 's too expensive but may be worth about $ 5 .
 I just bought this hibachi for $ 4 and assembled it . It 's my first time switching from a Webber , but I wanted something small for personal use so I do n't have to fire up the big grill . At $ 4 , it 's a great deal , although it seems a little flimsy . If all goes well , I 'll likely upgrade to something more substantial , like a castiron hibachi . Do n't pay over $ 10 total -LRB- shipping included -RRB- for this thing .
 This is a low grade , made in China , sheet metal , flimsy piece of junk . If you want a one-use and throw it away grill for the beach or lake , this might be it . Otherwise , get the cast iron Hibachi .
 the `` steel '' in the product is so thin you could read a newspaper thru it.seriously it is just a piece of junk .
 I ordered 5-ea Thermwell PW72G 2.25 '' x 72 ' Green Re-web Kits . I was incorrectly sent PW72B - blue - kits . How do I get this corrected?Lois Stevens
 I was very disappointed in this product . The machined holes were so far off from the hardware it was impossible to even assemble . Sending it back for a refund .
 I have had Taylor thermometers before . They worked quite well in all types of conditions . This particular unit , however , does not work . The fluid flows around the floats that are intended to measure the high and low temperatures . There is no way to re-set these floats ... including freezing the unit or subjecting it to centrifugal acceleration . I am sorry that I will have to consider other brands in the future .
 I have to agree with the majority of reviewers here . This thermometer is worthless . Mine had the maximum marker stuck in the colored temperature registering column . I managed to get it out eventually with a strong magnet , but once the temp heated up again , there it was stuck again . It never registered the maximum temp . The minimum marker would move with the column as it was supposed to . However , it would not stay at the minimum temp and would move right back with the column as it heated up . I noticed that the current temperature did n't seem very accurate either . So - does n't register maximum temp , does n't maintain minimum temp , and does n't give current temp = worthless as a thermometer.I took mine back and got a Sper 736680 max-min for just a couple of dollars more and it performs like a champ .
 Here is what I wrote to Taylor ... I bought your model 5460 to measure min/max temperatures in my greenhouse paying $ 27 for it . After opening the package I noticed the min/max needed to be reset and there was some fluid above one of the min/max indicators . I preceded to spend 30 + minutes trying to get work correctly per the instructions on the package.I brought it back to the store and they said these are returned all the time . I proceeded to buy 1523 Digital Indoor/Outdoor Thermometer/Hygrometer because they did not carry anything but Taylor products . I plugged it in and after leaving the outdoor sensor directly next to the base unit it measures 7F different than the indoor -LRB- and yes I waited , a day for them to change -RRB- . Unfortunately I threw out the box or I would have returned this as well . The hardware store is trying to find a better quality product , as are other farmers that want reliable measurements.I ask you to stop selling this junk . It is absolutely worthless , and even worse so , threatens peoples livelihoods . If a digital thermometer is 7F off this is a serious threat to my crop planning .
 One end of the glass U tube was broken in the package upon arrival . The max/min markers stick inside the tube and can be impossible to free . The scale is crude and is hard to read . Overall cheap construction compared to the price . Vastly inferior to the old Taylor max/min mercury thermometers .
 This is the first product from Amazon that has been absolutely worthless.Avoid `` Taylor '' manufacturer as plague , unless you want to exercise Yogaor are ready for the worst aggravation in a long time.Jiohn
 I bought two of the min/max 5460 thermometers for my greenhouse . The first one worked for only several weeks and then the floater sunk down into the blue fluid . The second was missing a floater . This is a worthless design . I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased them .
 Since I used Taylor thermomether before and for some years ; I went ahead and ordered 4 new ones . This time I ordered the mercury free ones . Saddly none of the new thermometers worked fine . In all cases the floaters got stuck in the column and the liquid passed by the sides making the reading unacurate . The problem for me is not only to loose the company 's money but that I recommended the thermometers since they worked fine . Now as other customers I am considering other options because I do not want to fail again with my Company .
 well , when the maximum-minimum thermometers arrived -LRB- I bought two of them -RRB- , one was already broken , and the other one was not working properly , I followed the instructions but it was very difficult to get the blue liquid column without air spaces in between , when I finally was able to almost do that , I found out that the maximum little marker will not mark the maximum temperature !!! , it keeps going down ... then I tried to arrange for a replacement with the seller -LRB- CrazyDavesToolShed -RRB- , they told me that they will ship them right away ... well I am still waiting for the new thermometers to arrive ... . I am disappointed not only with the thermometers but also with the seller !!!!
 does what I wanted it to do but it gets stuck often . have to use the attached magnet to reset
 I had the old Taylor max/min thermometer that was metal with a mercury column -- it was great . This thing is JUNK , and I ca n't believe Taylor manufactured something like this . It has never worked once . The floats that mark the max and min temperatures appear to be bent , and the liquid in the column just bypasses them . I bought this from another seller -- wish I could return it . If you want a max/min thermometer , go for something with a mercury column . This is the worst piece of junk I have ever bought online -- without a doubt !
 There are so many things wrong with this thermometer . First off , it 's way too small to be put outside and read while still inside . 20 degree 's of temperature is guaged in less than one inch of thermometer glass . And it 's marked in 20 degree increments such as 40-60-80 . This means you have to actually walk right up to it , stare intently at it , and try to count these little itty bitty hash marks to find out what temperature it is . I want a thermometer that I can read quickly and easily and from a distance ... reading this is like another chore -- go outside , walk up to it , squint at the little lines , try to count them , multiply by two , add or subtract that from the big numbers on the side of this to get the correct temperature at the moment.And that 's not the only thing that makes this difficult to read . This thermometer is a U shaped tube . On the top of the fluid on each size is a sliver of something black called the limit marker . Because the thermometer is so small , the marker is about 8 `` degree 's '' long -- that is , it 's length in the tube covers 4 hash marks with each mark being 2 degrees . It is these markers that the fluid pushes to mark the high/lo temperatures . Problem is not only do you have to be right smack on top of the thermometer to even see these markers , no where does it tell you which end of the marker to use to get your readings ! I read every single piece of text on the package and on the thermometer itself and I still have no idea ! Do I use the bottom of the marker where it touches the fluid ? or do I use the top of the marker ? There 's an 8 degree difference here , so it would be nice to know.And there 's more -- the reset button basically is pointless . When you push it , it 's suppose to release the markers , but it says on the back if it does n't -LRB- which of course it does n't -RRB- you have to do some peculiar things to `` reset '' it ... take it down , hold it in a certain way , move it back and forth in a certain way until the markers get where they 're suppose to be . What a pain in the butt.I 've had it two days and I 'm sick of it already . And here 's one last annoyance . This being a U shaped tube , there 's two scales . Each side reads -40 to 120F . One side obviously is the high and the other side the low . I 've only had this for two days and the last two days here have n't had much temperature flucuation so both sides are reading basically the same ... so I have no idea which is the high and which is the low side and it does n't say anywhere on this thermometer or on the package!Absolutely a horrible thermometer . I 'm sending it back today .
 I liked my last Taylor mini-maxi thermometer , so , when I needed one for my new greenhouse , I bought a Taylor again . This one has bad design -LRB- you are forced to grip it in such a way as to put pressure on the tube , easily pushing it out of the plastic retaining clips -RRB- . The long vertical red button , supposedly for resetting , does n't work . It has never worked . The magnet is difficult to get out of its storage space . One of the two black markers is now permanently stuck down in the mercury , and does not budge in response to the magnet . It would be hard to find a way to make a more worthless thermometer for those who need to know minimum and maximum temperatures over a 24-hour period .
 Item is defective and not accurate . The minimum side of the thermometer has a defect in that the little heavy part that registers the minimum temperature is below the fluid and I can not get it up on top where it belongs . The right hand maximum side is about 4 degrees off.I have n't had any time to return it to Amazon so it is just sitting outside languishing on my large tree . I have an older model with actual mercury that is accurate and still functioning fine in another area on my property .
 only works as a current-temperature thermometer
 I bought this to replace an older model made by Taylor that used a magnet to reset the max/min indicators . All in all that older model did what it was suppose to do and did it well , but unfortunately it was dropped on concrete . Not recommended.On this model the magnet has been replaced by a push button that worked at first , sorta , but now is next to useless . Also in spite of being in a place free of jostling the fluid -LRB- alcohol ? -RRB- has separated and on the max side has pushed past the indicator.Fer cryin ' out loud , this is 18th century technology . Come on Taylor , make an effort to get it right .
 Like others reviewing this product , I was disappointed . I ordered two , one was broken and the other one will not read temperature correctly . The bars indicating high and low temperature points have disappeared and I am unable to clear the airspace that has formed in the blue liquid . Construction is cheap and is below my expectations . I 'll be returning these right away ...
 Well , first my minimum-maximum thermometer did n't work right -LRB- the high side sticks -RRB- and then the vendor that sold it to me has n't responded to my email -LRB- via Amazon -RRB- as to what my options are now . I ca n't give them a good rating .
 When I received the thermometer , the high temperature black indicator bar was completely out of the temperature section and floating up in the right bulb . With a great deal of patience , my wife FINALLY got the indicator back into the temperature section . We then put the thermometer out to test it 's operation . This time the LOW temperature indicator bar got stuck between 78 and 82 degrees . No matter what we did -LRB- put it in the hot sun , put it in the freezer -RRB- that bar would not move . I chucked it .
 I was pretty impressed considering it was fairly cheap and had the Timex name on it . Unfortunately , it 's actually made by a subcontractor , Maverick Housewares . The features promised are a 12 hour forecast , sunrise/set times , moon phase , tides , barometric pressure for 12 hours , indoor & outdoor temp & humidity , as well as an atomic clock . The only accurate components in that list is the indoor temperature and the atomic clock . The barometer & outdoor temp & humidity are just WRONG , as well as the sunset/rise times , and moon phase . Because the barometer is wrong -LRB- by about an inch , -RRB- the forecast is useless , b/c the forecast is based off of the inaccurate barometric pressure , so it just predicts thunderstorms and rain on a nice sunny day . In a nutshell , steer elsewhere .
 I spent one solid hour trying to program this timer . I never got it right . Finally used the timer for a daily 2-hose program - not what I wanted but all I could manage to program after an hour . DO NOT BUY this timer unless you want to be frustrated and disgusted !
 I 've used a Gardena timer with good success for several years but thought it would be handy to be able to water my vegetables AND top off our swimming pool via the same faucett using a Claber `` Duplo '' -LRB- purchased through Amazon.com -RRB- . Now I 've been trying to install my new Duplo for several days ... . and it just ca n't be programmed . It wo n't let me set the time of day or duration of a watering , no matter how many times I re-read the directions and how many times I try . I 've seen similar problems described by other reviewers with unresolved problems ; so I 'll just toss the unit as bad mistake and a lesson learned . Do n't YOU make the same mistake by spending money on one . -LRB- PS : , You wo n't find a greater Italophile than ME -RRB-
 timer worked great for about 30 days just past the return policy deadline . now the timer has a mind of its own . It has 6 cycles and the last one does not turn off most of the time and we have turn off the water manually defeating the purpose of a digital timer
 I dont know why my timer doesnt work automatically . although i read the manual instruction many many times and it was so easy and simple , so i have 3 differnet programming times , i got nothing no watering at all ? its only working on manual mode !!! MONEY WASTE.I HAVE TO ORDER ANOTHER ONE ???
 I was very disappointed in this considering how expensive it was . One of the outlets did n't work with the timer at all . I found the set-up crazy difficult - it did n't make any sense . I did get it to work finally but I found the `` Orbit 62001 Lawn and Garden Digital Watering Timer '' a much better timer at a much lower cost
 Bought this a few months ago and have been unable to get any but the first two programs to work . I 've emailed back and forth with Debra Jaros , Claber 's operations manager , who insisted I am programming it wrong despite my insistence that I have followed the directions precisely and tried countless times to reset and reprogram . I have asked Debra to exchange the unit for another one and she will not respond . It has been three weeks and no word from her . My advice , buy a different timer by a different manufacturer .
 I purchased my second Duplo in May , 2010 . The first one lasted 2 years and started leaking around the housing . Within two weeks of use , Station A failed to close twice . The second time , I was out of town and my yard was flooded when I got home -LRB- Had to shut it off manually -RRB- . I called Debra at Claber , she said problems with Duplo was rare and after making sure that I was operating the unit correctly , she asked me to send the unit back for testing . I just received the unit back from Claber after almost 4 weeks . They attached a note saying ` Test Good ' . I was hoping they will at least replace the Station A Shut-Off Valve . I do n't think I can trust it enough to use it again . Should had just gone to Home Depot and bought the Orbit Timer in the first place !
 Say you want to water one area on Tuesday mornings from 4 AM to 9 AM and another area on the mornings of Thursdays and Sundays also at the same time , 4 AM to 9 AM . You would hook the hose for the first area to one outlet and the hose for the second area to the second outlet . When you program these times for the first outlet all is fine . However , when you move on to the second outlet , you are foiled . The program will not let you set the start watering time for the second outlet until 9:01 AM , the minute after the first outlet has been turned off . It thinks you 're dumb and is preventing you from having both outlets open at the same time on the same day . But you have n't reached the stage at which you get to choose the days of the week ! The programmer seems to have put the cart before the horse - you should be allowed to program the days on which you wish to water from each outlet FIRST before choosing the times so that you can program the same times but on different days . A big blunder in the design . I had to return my unit after I realized that it would not do what I had hoped it would .
 This product looked great and seemed to be exactly what I needed . However , the setup programming is perhaps the most tedious pain in the rear . I am returning and going for an alternative product .
 I order two of these , one for the backyard and one for the front yard . Both have shorted out , meaning they would come on and would never turn off . Which happened to be a weekend I went out of town and caused my water bill to be sky high . I decide to test it to see what was going on and the same thing happen and the screen would just be flashing everything on the screen . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !
 Okay , besides having to pull the battery and try and get the thing to die so that we could start again -LRB- they say 15 mins w/o battery - more like 2 hours + -RRB- - the buttons DO NOT always activate the programming . Why is it that they want this watering device to have - hold on to your hats - over 30 programming times possible ? And why does it refuse to allow you to turn on at , say , 10pm and turn off at 1am ? Nope , everything has to be done up to midnight.Eventually got it working - two pipes , each one once a day for 3 hours -LRB- 95 % of all users will want this type of simple programming -RRB- - push the buttons a total of 124 times to achieve this!And then there is this little piece of advice
 I purchased two units of this `` dual timer '' since its review was good . Since I was busy , I did n't open the box and used it until many months after I received them . Until I installed them and then I realized that this ` dual timer ' ca n't have different time settings - for example I want one outlet to be on once every 3 days and another one every 7 days . The timer can not do that - the two outlets have to be on on the same day . That pretty much makes this timer useless to me ! I wish I had read a review telling that before I made the purchase . This timer definitely not worthy its price . Very disappointed !
 Terrible unit do not waste money . Set timing sequence by direction had a mind of its own would go off any time it wanted . My wife and I take pride in setting up any digital device , and we finnaly gave up , bought from Amazon last year for newly seeded lawn . Like to have my money back . DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT
 update 6/30/11
 If you are into puzzles this is the box for you . I would not recommend this product as it falls apart very easily and is not worth the aggravation of constantly putting back together .
 Mine will not stay together either . I bought it directly from rubbermaid because of these reviews . I called them and they sent me a second one . It has the same exact problem . The sides do not click into the bottom like they are supposed to . I am just going to caulk it together but NO ONE should buy this .
 Four people could n't figure out how this was supposed to stay together . Nothing snapped into place , nothing held any part of it together . It just fell right back apart . We never could get the lid on either . I normally like Rubbermaid stuff , but this is a piece of junk . It 's being returned .
 I knew it was a cheap grill when I bought it -LRB- obviously -RRB- . Pros
 Does not fit the Poulan Pro PP5020AV 20-Inch with the Poulan Pro 20-Inch Chain Saw Bar 952044815 . The chain is the right size , but the length is too short which keeps the chain tension post from lining up with the bar .
 It took longer than usual to get my item . The vendor Aubuchon Hardware sent me the wrong grass hog . I specifically chose the single line model depicted in the picture because the dual line grass hogs get hopelessly tangled . Now I have to go through all the trouble of contacting the vendor and try to get my money back . I do n't know if I have to pay another round of shipping charges to send it back . If Aubuchon Hardware wants to me to literally pay for their mistake , I 'm just going to throw the whole box in the trash and avoid the vendor in the future .
 The grass hog feeds out too much line and snaps your leg with it , very painful . Both my wife and I have both been bit . You better wear jeans when using the hog .
 Worked so so for 1 1/2 years ... then it broken when the cap suddenly popped out and the whole string came entangled with the motor as it was running ... So it broke the clip.Its too expensive for being a $ 55 trimmer , go to Home Depot and buy the $ 40 Homelite one . Works much better , faster , more powerful and much quieter ...
 Over the years I have bought several B&D ; electric string trimmers . The GH600 is the latest and it is headed for the trash heap . I wo n't buy another B&D ; trimmer because they all suffer from the same design problems . You 'll use this for a while , maybe an entire season or two , and it will work great . After that the automatic feed mechanism starts to wear out and the string no longer advances by itself . You can advance it manually by taking the head apart and pulling the string out . As others have mentioned this is an infuriating process that you may need to repeat every few feet so it is not a practical or long term solution . I 've had the same experience with B&D ; bump head trimmers as well . They work fine when new and then latter you bump and the string does not advance.For whatever it 's worth , the GH600 has a good electric motor that would probably last forever . I have a small yard -LRB- about 3 to 4000 square feet of grass -RRB- and use B&D ; 's pre-wound -LRB- AF-1 -RRB- spools . I wound 'em myself for a while then decided that life was too short to be spending my time that way.Apparently nobody at B&D ; uses their own products - or - it 's a case of planned obsolence . Either way , they 've lost me as a customer .
 I used mine for about an hour , in that time it went through two spools , the switch broke and the motor was smoking ! I should have known better than to buy a B&D product , from my past experience , they seem to be great at building cheap junk .
 Uses a lot of string . The automatic string feed system does not advance string consistently . I frequently have to stop trimming and disassemble the spool to advance the string manually . I must note that I have been reloading my own spools because the preloaded replacement spools are expensive . Would not buy again . In fact have n't found a good entry-level electric string trimmer yet after having the Weed Eater and this Black and Decker model .
 Ok , I bought this one thinking , hey it 's cheap , I do n't have to buy gas , yadda , yadda , yadda.After about the tenth use , and I 'm not kidding here , I got so mad I smashed it multiple times against the side walk , realized that I could n't return it and put it in the trash.The string does not feed correctly . I 'd only suggest buying this product if it 's for a gift to someone you really ca n't stand.Now if the thing fed string correctly , it 'd be a good product , it 's lightweight , the fact that the head rotates allowing it to be used as an edger is cool and the fact that it does n't use gas and oil and has plenty of power is nice . However , all that good does n't do a bit of good when the string breaks every five seconds and does n't feed properly.As to what happened , I bought a Toro gas trimmer next and it broke in the first five minutes . The Toro people said that it was a new line and they did n't have any service people in my area . And I live in Orange County , like we 're bigger than most countries on the planet ... So my third trimmer in about as many months works fine so far , but I ca n't recall the name . It 's the one that does n't feed string automatically , which is a pain , you have to hand install each 8 '' piece of line , but it works , so there 's the trade off.I do n't see myself beating this one to pieces .
 Black and Decker products used to be a favorite of mine - relatively inexpensive , generally got the job done and were reliable . I previously had a rechargeable trimmer from B&D which was fairly reliable , but the automatic feed spool did n't work very well . The same problem carries over to this model . I had to return the first one of these I purchased , because the AFS was broken right out of the box . The replacement lasted only about two months - it no longer feeds automatically . I think I 'll be trying another brand next .
 I have owned two other Grass Hogs . I like them because they are lightweight and take care of my trimming needs . When it was time to buy a new one I thought I would try the refurbished model since it was exactly like my previous trimmer . First , the trimmer I received is not the same as depicted in the main picture . The trimmer never worked right out of the box , there is no tension to keep the line from wrapping around the interior -LRB- spindle ? -RRB- . I do n't think they tested this before they threw it in the box along with the wrong manual ! Wish I had bought a new model , now I am out return shipping cost .
 Placed my order on-line one day and received it in the mail 4 days later . The delivery was fast but VERY DISAPPOINTED when I open the box . The Black and Decker trimmer did not look anything like the picture in the box . Perhaps that is a little over stating it . The handle was totally different . So I sent it back to where it came from .
 I bought this at Lowes , not here at Amazon . It lasted just two uses before the motor smoked and burned out . Returned it for a full refund . I have n't had good luck with anything from Black and Decker 's new line of products and will never buy anything made by them again . Total garbage from their small kitchen appliances and cordless tools to their yard equipment . They used to be a reputable company back in the day but their new line of products are unreliable and very cheaply made .
 Purchased my trimmer/edger GH610 on June 9 , 2012 as a replacement for my well used and trusted GH600 . Did n't have grass to trim or edge at the time of receipt , but I did run it just to make sure everything worked , which it did.Finally grass needed edging and the GH610 worked beautifully . All my expectations were met -LRB- quiet , smooth , auto feed , etc. -RRB- . Used up the manufacturer 's spool of string and replaced it with a spool from my GH600 . Again it worked beautifully , for about 30 seconds . The motor seemed to run a little slower . Stopped it to check for an obstruction , found none . Tried to restart the GH610 , nothing . Not a thing happened . It was as if I had lost all power . Had to finish edging with another edger . This was my first real use of the GH610 , unfortunately for me , it was also 8 days after the '30 day return ' policy . Wrote the company I purchased it from for advice , but no response . I know these are good trimmer/edgers , I just did n't get a good one . Hopefully Black & Decker will work with me on this .
 Uses to much string , motor not very powerful . Easy to use and put togeather . I had the GH600 and liked it very much , still uses alot of string but more powerful .
 I had the older version of the Black and Decker Grass hog which served me well for over 15 years and was easy to reload . The motor finally gave out and I replaced it with what I thought was a similar but new and improved model . Huge mistake . This thing worked fine for most of the first reel , but can not get it to feed correctly after that , whether I buy their over-priced `` factory-wound '' reels or load it myself . I have spent far more time changing or fixing the reel than actually using the product . Do these engineers ever actually use these products before they send them to market ? B & D used to mean quality but they have clearly given that up as a corporate value .
 Well , I used this for two years and it was satisfactory . I have a small lawn , maybe twenty by forty feet and the Grass Hog did a decent job . The string advanced fine , and cut low . But I used it only in the Spring and Summer months and the lawn is not particularly hardy . Well , yesterday I take it out and about half way through the cut the trimmer starts to SMOKE . White plumes of it . Then it begins to sputter and jerk . Then it died . Now it 's garbage . Two years ? Warranty expired . Is that all there is ? Do n't think I 'll be buying another soon . I want one that lasts longer .
 I 'm not sure how the automatic string feed is supposed to work but it does n't . Save yourself much grief and buy a trimmer with the regular bump feed mechanism .
 Black & Decker GH600 Grass Hog 14-Inch 5-AMP Electric String Trimmer and EdgerThe string does not auto feed . Wasted more time in feeding the string manually than weed wacking . Do n't drop the spool while manually feeding the string , you 'll waste even more time in re-threading the string back to the spool . Totally disappointed at this BD product . I would n't recommend this one to anyone .
 Worked well until smoke starting pouring out of it . There 's a reason they put vents in the shaft ! After the smoke stopped it was dead and never worked again .
 Upon opening the package I found this to be lightweight and cheaply made . We had a prior model of GrassHog which worked for 8 years so we wanted to replace it with a similar model . This is nothing like our prior model ! The filament spool jammed and the no bump feature did n't work at all . It was returned and a replacement was sent . It seems to work correctly but I doubt it will even last a year ! Buy something else !
 I bought this a while back , but did n't use until now . Big mistake . I used it and the string ran out after about 15 minutes of cutting . Very annonying but thought it must have come with a starter amount of string like they do with the starter ink for computer printers.Bought a new 30 ft spool for $ 6 . You can get string yourself and wind it yourself for about half that much . Put the new spool on and after about 50-60 ft of trimming and edging I was out of string!Do the math
 For every 5 minutes you get weeding you 'll spend 20 minutes of misery . I finally took an axe to this piece of junk and wo n't touch anything with the name Black and Decker ever again .
 Seller selling things they do not have in stock . Said back ordered . How can they attempt to sale what they should know they ca n't get . Amazon should ban seller .
 Died after 2 1/2 spools of string . Enuf said .
 I had my previous B&D trimmer for about 10 years -LRB- bump feed -RRB- before the motor finally gave out - it was a solid lawn tool . I had high hopes for this new automatic feed model . What an infuriating piece of garbage - I have the same problem as everyone else . The string refuses to automatically release and you have to open the access lid to the head and let out new line - about every 10 feet . Yah - what fun !!! I was a loyal B&D fan , but I 'm a free agent now . DO NOT BUY THIS ENGINEERING CATASTROPHE , YOU WILL REGRET IT !!!!!
 This is not a good weed-wacker . I purchased it , and within minutes it had broken . The inside engine parts were made of plastic , and because of the high speeds of the belt , the heat had melted the disc that the belt sits on . This is simply a poorly-made machine and I ca n't recommend it . I took it back for a full refund .
 Price is good . Cutting is good . Edging is good . But the auto feed mechanism forced me to refill the spool after edging one side of a 30 ft driveway - almost every time ! It was extremely frustrating and the amount of line it ate was ridiculous . Now shopping for a replacement after less than 10 uses and throwing it in the trash .
 The line feed absolutely does not work . I have tried different .065 lines and none will feed out . The worst condition is when the trimmer is rotated for curb/sidewalk trimming . I can not get past ten feet without a line break , followed by no out-feed . Although I have a relative small area for trimming the process using this product takes at least ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- times longer than it should .
 The trimmer works very well but it eats line like mad . I used a whole spool doing my front yard and did n't even touch the back . I bought a roll of .065 replacement line and tried to wind my own . It did NOT work . It requires ROUND line that is difficult to find . B&D does sell replacement spools at $ 5 ea . Eight more lawn-trimming sessions would pay for another trimmer . I 'd be better off throwing this trimmer away and buying a bump-style trimmer .
 I have had bad luck with the 14-Inch Grass Hog . On the third use , the cover tore off and the spindle piece ejected . I spent several hours trying to get everything back together with no avail . I would save yourself a headache and try a different one .
 This would be a great trimmer if it did n't have the string feed problems . I only managed to cut about 1 ' along the edge of my lawn with this before the string cut off but failed to advance new string . I had to get my husband to help me manually advance the string and another 1 ' later it did the same thing . This is using the original spool ! I 've abandoned string trimmers and will be using electric shears to cut the edge of my lawn .
 The automatic line feed arm is a cheap piece of white plastic which is NOT replaceable , and has a knob that controls the line feed which easily wears out . The line then stops feeding.You then have to take the head apart every time you need more line . And with the .065 '' line , this happens , LITERALLY , every 10 seconds.Makes you want to smash the thing . Instead , I bought their more expensive model which has a little metal protector around the knob to protect it from wear . Good idea , but poorly executed . The meatle collar comes off and the plastic knob wears down anyway.I will never buy another Black & Decker line trimmer . Life is too short .
 I 've used this trimmer twice now since receiving it and it works wonderfully ! It 's very easy to operate and is powerful . I think that the reason some owners complain about excessive string usage is perhaps they are not using the fold down wire edge guard . This guard keeps the trimmer at the correct height and keeps string usage to a minimum . So far , I 'm very happy with it especially that one does not have to `` bump '' to feed the line out.3-26-10 . After using this product for 2 yrs , it has stopped feeding the line out , so I 'm recommending that everyone stay away from this trimmer ! It 's simply NOT reliable . Initially , it was great but as fate would have it , it 's not worth the money !
 This trimmer has a few issues . It 's auto-feed feature is hit or miss . The wire guide for edging is poorly designed . It flips out of position too easy and will pop out completely . Mine popped out and I 'm still searching my yard for it . The trimmer does seem powerful enough . My advice would be to spend a little more money and get a better trimmer .
 Quit on me but was using it in heavy growth . replaced it w / store bought one , it quit , had store replace . kid did something to the replacement one & so far so good .
 This thing is a piece of crap . After a single season of moderate use the motor burned out . I wish I could give it zero star rating , but sadly Amazon wo n't allow me to do that .
 I have this for a couple years . Hardly used it , but disappointed every time I used . Not for a heavy use . The string does not feed well . All the sudden , no string came out at all . I would pay more for a better one . I 'm not even a yard person and I know this is not a good product .
 The self feed option quit working after 2 months . I have used it for another year by advancing the string by hand each painful time . I use the correct refills acording to my local home store that sold me this thing . You get what you pay for .
 Automatic feeder does not work properly !! Trimmer ran out of string before my trimming was completed the first time . It cut 1/2 to 1 inch pieces of string hurling them like shrapnel giving cuts all up and down my legs . I showed the man at Lowe 's what had happened when i returned the item ... thank goodness no one else was in the area ... DO N'T RISK IT ...
 I bought this at walmart to supplement my cordless trimmer as I thought it would be stronger for thorough weed-eating . To my surprise after a small amount of using it it started smoking . I have a very small yard and i ca n't even do part of it without this trimmer failing . I have only tried to use it twice and it is a piece of garbage like most of Black and Decker products !
 I 've officially banned all Black and Decker products forever . I used the Grasshog dual spool corded weed eater and it went through 4 spools in about 1 hour and then completely ate two more before I litterally destroyed it . Yes I read all the instructions and I 'm pretty mechanically savvy . No one should ever buy any Black and Decker product much less their weed eaters .
 I would steer anyone away from purchasing this product if not for the complete lack of electric trimmers on the market . I have two of these trimmers in my garage right now that family and friends have given me to try to fix after they both broke within a year of purchase . Both suffer from the same problem which is that the motor has disengaged from the trimmer head . I have not taken either apart , but it seems like the shaft or cable or whatever transmits power from the motor to the head has broken . Perhaps a link or something has come loose . At any rate , neither are working at this point . In my opinion , these are not worth the investment since this problem seems to be pretty common.My advice ... unless you absolutely have to have an electric trimmer , maybe for the weight or noise level , invest a few more bucks and get a gas trimmer . You 'll be much better off !
 I like to think of myself as mechanically inclined , but after 20 minutes of tinkering can not get the breakapart handle on this thing to go together . I 've lined up the slots as shown in the direction but the darn thing will just not slide in . If I push any harder I 'm afraid it will break . A solid handle as on most weed eaters would be a MUCH better design . I 'm returning this useless device straight away and going for something more solid.After I did get it assembled , I used it only a few times and then the engine started smoking and burned up . Will never buy a Black and Decker again .
 My face was seriously cut -LRB- deep quarter inch gouge on my left cheek -RRB- by the excess advanced line snippet . The Black and Decker Grass Hog automatically advances the line -LRB- versus punching down on the head -RRB- , however too much line is advanced and a 2-4 '' snippet flies off and may hit your legs or face depending on the swivel setting of the Grass Hog.I am returning it immediately . For my health , I will never use this machine again . Please be aware of the risks of this machine .
 Bought the Grass Hog four years ago and spent a fortune on string . Unfortunately B&D ; charges an arm and a leg for the replacement spools and rewinding the spools by hand takes forever . To add insult to injury , the small clutch lever broke and there is no way to replace it . The clutch lever is the part that advances the spool , without it , there is nothing to stop the entire spool of string from unwinding when you turn on the machine . Since this part can not be replaced , it will go into the recycle bin.I also had problems with the string advancing properly every 10 minutes of trimming . I would have to stop the machine , turn it over , snap off the bottom cover and manually advance the string . I will NOT be buying another Grass Hog , now that my unit is broken , period.Went to the hardware store today and looked at the top of the line Echo -LRB- $ 200 -RRB- . The hardware store clerk told me that the Echo can use 0.065 string -LRB- same as the B&D ;-RRB- but can also use the 0.08 , 0.095 , 0.105 , and the new 0.130 string . The thicker the string , the more cutting power you will get along with the longevity factor .
 WARNING - you get a double string trimmer NOT the single that is avertised here . Was disappointed in that since I have A LOT of replacement trimmer line heads for my old since line unit . These are great machines and do a great job edging . Only problem is that I find that I get 2 years out of them before they stop feeding the line and it becomes a problem . I LOVE them when they are working but it sucks when they stop :-LRB- !
 Zero stars . The so-called `` Automatic Feed System '' should be called the `` Tangles in 5 minutes system . '' I 've gone through three spools . The first ran out one side the line in minutes , leaving the other half of the spool still wound . They `` Recommend '' against rewinding yourself for good reason . It 's impossible.I went back to Menard 's , got a second spool . This one tangled into a birds ' nest in 5 minutes.I got a third . This one lasted perhaps 10 minutes , then fed against itself and tangled up.American business management and Chinese craftsmanship . What could possibly go wrong?B & D ; needs to stop being clever and stick to what works .
 I bought this from a local hardware store and it worked great for about 3 months , then the rotor stopped spinning . I just brought it back and swapped it out for a new one . This one has lasted a year , and had the same problem -- motor running but the rotor was not spinning . I opened it up to find that the belt had broken and looked very frayed -LRB- there were small rubber pieces strewn throughout the motor area.I wo n't buy another , and am very disappointed with B&D ; and wo n't buy another hog . I had a Toro before these that lasted 6 years and worked fine . Do n't know what I 'll get next .
 I returned the 1st GH600 because the line would not feed . I threw the 2nd one in the trash as a reminder to myself this is not the Black & Decker that used to make good tools . This Black % Decker makes JUNK .
 It takes less than 5 minutes to empty the spool ... it has a ` sensor ' that tells it to spit out string.I bought it since it was the most expensive corded electric in the store -LRB- THD -RRB- ... and it was still cheap.It was never an issue to bounce the spool on the ground like the old ones worked ... but they went and ` fixed ' it anyway ... Gas powered ones that work well enough , and more expensive than a push mower , so I 'm off to look at garage sales to get an old one that has not been over-engineered .
 I recently bought this model after my previous B&D trimmer gave up the ghost . Although the previous model had occasionally failed to feed string automatically , by and large , it had worked quite well . Not so with the new model . Two strings mean less capacity and THEY DO NOT FEED . Not automatically , not reliably , mostly not at all . Check out the reviews anywhere else for ANY of the current auto feed models , they just do n't work . You have no recourse but to open up the spool and feed it out by hand every time it gets too short to use . I went with the only ` bump ' model left on the market and CR 's second top choice . -LRB- They got it way wrong with the B&D . -RRB- Save time , try another brand , this one is not worth the money . How the mighty have fallen ; it 's really sad .
 I purchased this trimmer/edger to replace my 15 year-old B&D model ST4000 which was becoming balky . My old edger performed faithfully for many years allowing me to maintain a neat edge around all of my lawn . This replacement model GH600 may be okay for trimming when the string is rotating parallel to the ground , but it becomes totally useless when attempting to edge the lawn with the string rotating perpendicular to the ground . The black plastic guard completely obscures your view of the string , making it totally impossible to see where the edge of the lawn lies . After one use , my formerly straight and neat lawn edge is now jagged and scalped in places because I could n't see where the rotating string was in relation to the edge of the lawn . Needless to say , this trimmer/edger is going back under the terms of Black & Decker 's 30-day satisfaction guarantee . I called Black & Decker and they recommended I shop for a model ST4500 , which is the latest version of my old edger . Also , the trimmer/edger pictured above is not accurate . The model GH600 that I received has a two-part aluminum handle that needs to be screwed together and does not have the off-set curve as shown in the photo above .
 When it was working well it was OK . But just OK . What drove me nuts was the fact that to replace the string you have to buy an entire spool designed just for this model , which costs much more than simply buying the string . Maybe that 's convenient for some , but it 's expensive . I had thought that would be no problem ; I 'll just buy cheap string and wind it on to the old spool myself , how hard can that be ? Well , somehow they were able to design this so that adding the string yourself so that it will work is impossible , which ca n't have been an accident . Clever , those B&D ; designers , but it 's cost them at least one customer for life.Eventually the trigger switch went bad so that it would n't run at all . That actually was a relief , since it meant I could finally throw the turkey out . I got a cheaper , lighter , non-B & D ; model that works fine .
 I live in Los Angeles , and my lawn is quite small . It does , however , have a fence surrounding most of it , so a weed wacker is required to keep everything looking neat and tidy.I purchased the Lawn Hog and was very pleased with it , so I figured I would be happy with this . Not the case!I bought mine from Home Depot and ultimately returned it after only 2 uses because the `` auto feed '' line nearly cut my leg!There was literally 11 '' worth of line that somehow came out from BOTH holes.I wanted to go with something that was at least moderately environmentally friendly , so I wanted to like this model , but NO.It took me a while to find something that I was happy with , as I was against purchasing a 2-stroke -LRB- for pollution reasons -RRB- , but not keen on dropping several hundred dollars on a 4-stroke model . Battery powered models ... well , rechargeables always die , and then trying to find replacements is a nightmare , and often times it 's just cheaper to buy a new model . Furthermore those batteries are also not environmentally friendly.I have since purchased the Stihl FSE60 -LRB- their electric model -RRB- and have been terrifically happy with that . Certainly , it does cost more initially than other electric cutters -LRB- $ 120 MSRP -RRB- , but obviously less expensive than other 2 or 4 stroke models . The one unfortunate thing
 I bought the product , took it home and every time I went to use it , the cord top flew off . When it broke and flew off , I called B&D ; to complain and they admitted that this model was n't functioning right . They sent me a new no-break top for the cord area , that promptly flew off . They replaced that one , too.I was able to use it two or three times - the cord top did n't come off , but the cord did n't auto-feed properly ever.Last summer I took it out and the engine died . I called up B&D ; again and they said that they had recalled the model entirely , but that mine was too old.B & D ; used to be a brand of quality , but this trimmer was fail from beginning to end .
 This is one of the most infuriating products I have had the displeasure to use in some time . It is engineered to do 1 thing and 1 thing only , and the thing it is designed to do is not to whack weeds , it is to sell you laughably overpriced string replacement cartridges . The product worked marginally the first time I used it on my 1/4 acre yard . The motor vibrates a lot , which caused the power cord to vibrate off the prongs causing the unit to loose power . Half way through the yard , I had to go get a piece of string to tie the power cord tightly to the unit so that it would not rattle loose . The second time I used it , it ran out of string in the first couple minutes necessitating a trip to the local home center for replacement . The replacement string spools are seven dollars a pop . I refuse to spend 7 $ additional dollars each time I mow my lawn to replace what amounts to 5 cents worth of plastic string . Attempts to wind my own on to the spool resulted in hours of cursing and unusable results . I am offended that companies are designing things to require continued expense . Black and Decker has just landed on my list of companies NEVER to be purchased from again and this thing is going back to the home center I purchased it from . Shame shame , this thing smacks of the same kind of profiteering of printer cartridges and savings account maintenance fees , which , unfortunately is becoming far to common . Poor design , and seedy marketing make me discourage any potential buyers .
 I purchased this grass hog 4 months ago . I 've used it twice for light trimming and the third time I used it , the drive belt melted off the plastic motor gear which connects to the string wheel shaft gear -LRB- metal -RRB- . In essence , the thing is ruined . Yes , the engine is powerful , but worthless if the connection to the string wheel shaft is so cheap it melts . Unbelieveable design flaw .
 I found this to be dangerous -LRB- the string gets whacked off and goes flying -RRB- and my legs and ankles were injured from this many times and I never had that problem with any other trimmer . It 's also difficult to load the string and it goes through a lot of it . Although I 've only used mine for 1 season , I am buying a regular weed eater today as I just do n't wish to be bothered with this one . It does do a great job of cutting . Just not well designed .
 I bought one afew days ago , first day all the line go out in cuestion of seconds , put another line and same . I went to the store for my money , no problem with that but they said is one of the worst equipment made by B&D ever ! The capacity of the line wheel is so small that you 'll have to recharge 5 or 6 times to cut a 2x2 square meter of grass . If you want to waist money , try with machine !
 This is the worse machine I have ever purchased . They do the double spool to use up string and make you buy more . It will not work more than 4 minutes and you have to take it apart , rewind both spools and try and put it back in before it all unwinds.I will never buy a Black and Decker product again . This one is terrible . It took me almost 3 hours to do 10 feet . I finally got so frustrated I threw the whole thing in the trash . Who ever thought up a double string should be fired ... If I could rate it a negative 10 , I would
 In the past 18 months I have purchased 2 of these trimmers . The first one lasted about 4 hours and then the trim head stopped spinning . I returned it to a service center for repair . As it turns out , the service center was not a `` repair '' center but a collection point for broken trimmers that are shipped off to a B&D ; facility for repair . After three weeks I called for a status update and was informed that it was still at their facility as they did not have a box in which to ship it to B&D. ; Silly me . I went back to my big box home improvement store and purchased another one . This time I bought the service contract that would allow me return it to the store when it broke . This trimmer lasted about 6 hours and the trim head stopped spinning . In the meantime the first one I bought came back from the service center so I put it back into service . This time it lasted about 2 hours and broke down.Curious , I opened the trimmer up to see what was breaking . I discovered that the trimmer head is driven by a very robust steel cable attached to a cheap plastic gear driven by a toothed rubber belt attached to the motor by a metal gear . The plastic gear appeared to have melted down . All of the gear teeth were gone and the resulting hub was misshapen.I returned the second unit I purchased with the service contract and received a refund . The other one is headed for the dumpster.I have searched the B&D ; corporate web site in vain for a way to contact them and relay my experience with their product . Every contact link takes one to a support page . Very frustrating .
 Cons :1 . Line feed does not work w / replacement string .2 . Have to buy new spool to get line feed to work .3 . Use line very quickly , probably due to how powerful it is.Pros :1 . Powerful2 . Great at edging3 . Light Weight
 The white autofeed plastic part melted on the first day and the GH600 stopped feeding string . Useless . I had to return it immediately . Now I 'm looking for a reliable electric trimmer .
 Let me first say that I bought my trimmer at a somewhat nearby B&D outlet . I picked it up refurbished for around $ 25 in the box to replace another B&D that we 'd had for sometime and was on its last legs last fall . It lasted the whole season , so I never had to unbox this new one until a week ago . It ran great for less than fifteen minutes and I smelled smoke . I looked down and the socket where the cord meets the unit was smoking and melting ! I ripped the power cord out and stood there staring at the trimmer , smoking on the ground . I could n't believe it ! I 've since used the cord for various things , so it was n't the cord . 15 minutes and it literally melted . I 've JUST discovered that out of 3 in SE MI , one is around a mile away from me . I can carry it there if I wanted ! ;--RRB- I 'm so disappointed in B&B as the quality of their items has plummeted in recent years -LRB- including kitchen appliances -RRB- . I have n't seen this issue in any of the reviews I 've read here , so I figured I would put it out there . Scary stuff .
 I owned the string trimmer pictured . After six seasons the trimmer wore out so I went to replace it based on the image . Unfortunately the GH600 I received is a CHEAPER quality plastic , no soft grips as shown and no lever lock to prevent cord disconnection . The shaft is also a silver color . The first time I used it , the auto feed stopped working and the cord disconnected several times . I 've written to Amazon about the incorrect product image but the site was never updated.This item is another example of a company placing what used to be a good brand on an inferior product .
 I purchased my grass hog 700 last summer . I had no problems untilI tried using it today . It advances line much to quickly I blew through 2 pre-wound spools . The line got jambed under the spool housing , I got the whole thing pulled apart and cleaned out some melted line in the works . I got it reassembled and try to go back to cutting old dead grass and the line fouls again . I 'm done with B&D ; weed wackers - I 've just ordered a Poulan .
 This thing goes through a spool every time I use it . I ended up throwing it in the trash . The auto feed does n't know when to quit . As it gets near the end it starts spewing out too much and ends up shooting the remaining string out at high velocity . Useless , and dangerous .
 The black and decker grass hog has no potential in cutting grass or weeds . It iselectric so , no as much horse power in its intended job.Plus it wastes wire like non other . In my opion it is not product recomemeded .
 this was a dog . worked for about two months and then had problems with the line feed . no matter what i did , the line would not feed . even got the pre-lined spools and they would n't feed either . this was a waste of money . other reviewers indicated that they had problems with the line feed , so i was warned of the problem and i still got one . will not buy another b & d trimmer again .
 This trimmer is the worst I 've ever owned , it does n't even cut medium size grass instead the grass gets all wrapped up around the shaft real quickly and it takes 10 to 15 minutes of painstaking removal only to repeat the same over and over . The engineers should not allow a gap where grass can just wrap around it , what were they thinking?The plastic on the bottom broke with normal use , cheap plastic instead of a higher quality plastic.The cord holder does n't hold the cord , the engineers went to extremes to design a overly big cord clamp that do n't even work , it takes like two minutes just to put the cord in the lock and thread it through.Very disappointed . I have other Black and Decker products that work good but this one is a failure . You will be sorry if you buy this , over 50 people gave it only 1 star
 This is a great tool for senior ladies like me who are n't very strong or handy with tools . This is the first string trimmer I 've owned and if I can handle it , anyone can . I 've had it 2 months now and it handles the tall grass and even small saplings in my yard beautifully - I have a wooded area , not a lawn . I did experience the excessive string feeding some posters wrote about -LRB- with a gash on my shin even through thick new jeans -RRB- but found that the spool cap had come off and when I replaced it , no more problems . I just wish the string were not so expensive and lasted longer.Later addition
 I opted for this model trimmer after reading a ton of customer reviews and comments . The cordless models generally lacked battery life and were slow to charge . The double string model seemed prone to twice the problems of the single line version . The B&D ; Trimmer was on sale at so I brought one home , not without a little trepidation . There was a problem with the two-piece wand that would have required some bending and shaping so I opted to take it bake and get another . Turned out it had been returned and put back in stock for the same reason.The second unit could be assembled , but not without some struggle . The instructions are marginal at best . Once assembled I noticed that this product had been cost reduced compared to a similar unit I had previously owned . Not a good sign . Heavy rains and otherwise nasty weather prevented use until today . The adage about cost and value still applies . Even at $ 50 this is a fair trimmer at best.I was able to sort out the following quirks :1 . The B&D ; Trimmer is good for trimming around trees , posts , foundations etc. . About a B - rating here . Line feed is inconsistent but at least it does feed in this orientation .2 . Edging , one of the advertised functions , around a flower bed or any other site where there is no hard surface rates a C. Line feed is less reliable than in the trimming orientation . I wonder if B&D ; knows this .3 . Edging along a concrete sidewalk or driveway is terrible . The line continually jams and must be cleared manually . A frustrating and maddening process that could very well lead to throwing this product in the trash . It also tends to leave a rather wide trench , which , during a dry spell readily attracts weeds and crab grass . Rating here is D.That comes out to a low C or high D but I 'm going with D because of my overall disappointment with Black and Decker , a brand that seems be on a downward spiral.Based on these results , I have to conclude there is something going on when the trimmer head is oriented in the vertical for edging and the interaction between the line and the hard surface of a sidewalk . I hate to buy another product just for edging but it could come down to that .
 I 'm so sick of buying things that do n't work ! I have gone through 4 weed eaers -LRB- not all the brand ` Weedeater ' -RRB- and still have not found the gem that works after the first month or two . This Black & Decker is the 2nd I have owned -LRB- I bought the cordless one before but it kept losing power -RRB- and this one started off great . That was with the factory installed double auto thread spool . Now once I had to replace that spool , it was all downhill . I saw they charged giant prices for the B&D respool so I went with a pack of 8 already threaded spools , and thought that would be nice . Well WRONG ! The thing worked all of 2 minutes and then stopped it 's feed . I kept having to try and adjust but once you take the spool back off , it 's all a tangled mess . Worth ZERO , and more irritating , is I could NOT finish my yard work . So here I am all pissed and going to sell this piece of crap at a yard sale . I 'll be going back to buy something with gas , power , and NO frills line . By the way , I 've had to go thru 3 lawnmowers in the last 10 years too . All these crap products made in China really suck ! And they break the bank for everyone too .
 I have had good luck with Black and Decker lawn products , but not this one . Had the GH600 , never worked well . Tried the GH610 , does not work well . The string simply does not advance . A 20 minute lawn job takes me 2 hours , I am constantly stopping and manually advancing the cord . B&D does not really do a good job of phone support or online support for this product - my strongest advice is to stay away .
 This product was a nightmare . Did not last one year . Released line at a violent pace that would break off and whip you in the leg . If it was n't wasting line , it was jamming up every 2 minutes forcing you to stop and release it by hand . The excess line that was continuously released proved to be too much abuse for the guard and it snapped in two . I have never had a lawn care product fall apart so quickly . I will never purchase a Black & Decker trimmer again .
 I purchased this electric trimmer since our gas powered one is just too heavy for me to use for any length of time . I used it the first day and had some troubles but discovered the spool of line that it came with was not wound correctly . I replaced the spool with a pre-wound spool that I had bought and it seemed to work okay . The second time I went to use it , I used it for about five minutes and it just died ! Done . . dead ! It will be going back and you can believe I wo n't be buying another Black and Decker product . I wish that I had read all the complaints here before I purchased it . It would have saved me a huge headache ! All the major components inside seemed to be made of plastic and melt under average use . Very poorly designed . This was a 2011 model .
 This is my second grass hog trimmer I am NOT satisfied at all with it . The first one lasted 8 years and worked perfectly no complaints . Among some of my problems with it are
 I have tried B&D electric trimmers 3 times now and I wo n't buy another one . My 1st was the bump type . It started out great , but it seems that if there is an iota of moisture to the grass/weeds the line does n't want to feed out . When the no-bump type trimmer came out , I thought I would try it again as I thought maybe the bump type was a poor design and that they had taken care of the problem by making it no bump ... not so ! Same thing happened without bumping . I took it to DeWalt and the salesman there accused me of `` bumping '' the machine . He really made me mad ! I even have to take the spool out and snip the line as it seems to melt onto the other string . I feel that if you have the perfect lawn with no concrete , stone , crabgrass , etc. this may be a great trimmer , but if you have a less than perfect lawn this is not the trimmer for you . My neighbor had one also and hers does the same thing as mine . Also , the cap that goes over the spool cracks easily and flies off . Between winding my own spools , buying replacement cap covers and the aggravation the thing gives you , it is definitely not worth buying . I am definitely buying something better this time .
 Just got off the phone with B&D and they report no problems with this unit . However , my own experience has shown that this model was designed to break easily and last less than the two year warranty period.I bought my first one in May and it worked until August . The problem was that the pin on the AFS Arm flattened out and would no longer allow the AFS to feed string . On Saturday , 22 Nov , I took the unit back to the store and received a replacement . I used the new unit for approximately two hours and it stopped working . This time the pin had fully disintegrated and pieces of melted plastic were splattered around the inside of the spool housing . The AFS Arm was slightly warm as though the motor had transferred heat to it.This unit appears as though it was intended solely for limited use , but for the edging and trimming of a normal yard it will not cut the mustard . Granted , I do have a 3/4 acre lot with two driveways , but I do n't believe my use is that extreme . While I find the AFS system desireable , I will have to go back to the old fashioned bump model until they fix the AFS system .
 I 've had two B&D trimmers . Both broke after about a year of relatively light use . I figured after the first one broke that I just had bad luck but I 've now learned my lession.The automatic feed mechanism feeds the line far too fast . String is cheap -LRB- as long as you do n't buy B&D 's refills -RRB- but it is a bother to constantly stop cutting in order to put more string in.I wonder if B&D was trying to take the ink jet approach with this product
 I 've had the trimmer knife break off twice . The trimmer knife is used to automatically cut the string to the desired length . Without the knife , the trimmer can not be used . The first time the knife broke off Home Depot reluctantly accepted the exchange . The second time I riveted a sheet of sharpened metal to where the knife used to be . I 'm looking around for a better model . This model eats line like crazy , particularly the non-round kind , leaving pieces of trimmer line everywhere . On the plus side , it is light and easily adjusted .
 I am such a fan of Black and Decker and the grass hog . What ever happened to the quality control on this item ? It arrived with a hub cap -LRB- keeps the spool in place -RRB- that would not seal . I called the company , and they mailed a replacement promptly . Then I used it to trim about 20 feet along the fence and 2 feet on the edge of the sidewalk . The thing then died completely . When I plug it in , it 's like there is no electricity going to the engine . This time , Black and Decker told me to rebox it and send it back to Amazon ; Amazon says to see the manufacturer for warrantee repairs . I live in the Dallas metropolitan area , but the nearest official repair shop is 30 miles away and is only open Monday-Friday 8-5 . So I could take a half day of vacation , drive 60 miles , and see what happened . Instead , I 'm going to cannibalize it for parts for my current old Grasshog -LRB- the engine still works ! -RRB- , throw this in the trash , and never buy another Black and Decker product again .
 Bought this trimmer -LRB- though not at amazon -RRB- and thought the `` no bumping required '' automatic line feeder would be helpful . What a mistake . It makes sure there 's always one inch of line available and that 's about it . I hate to spend money on another one , but this is garbage .
 I purchased one of these from the local Home Depot , it went through the courtesy reel within the first hour , just long enough to trim and edge the front yard.the reel cover was extremely difficult to remove , once the dual reel was in and the wrestling match to reinstall the reel cover was over the trimmer proceeded to disgorge itself of the string within the first five feet or so , what did n't attempt to weld itself to the housing , spilled all over my back yard.This `` trimmer '' has found a new home at the local landfill , and is the last Black and Decker product that I will ever purchase
 I am on my third Grass Hog and you 'd think I am a real fan . I have number 3 only beause numbers 1 and 2 died soon after buying each . This one has not stopped working just some features like the bump thingy . I will throw this device away as soon as I either get another trimmer or this one dies dead . It , honestly , takes me twice as long to trim the yard by having to stop , undo the string holder , pull some string out , replace the holder and go at it . If the bump worked this would be a 4 rated machine . It can make it to 5 if someone at B&D comes up with a way to make a shaft long enough for folks over 5 ' 7 '' tall . If you are 6 ' 3 '' I will almost guarantee a sore back from leaning over while trimming .
 When this works its like the Tony Hawk of weed eaters but I had a problem with the motor belt constantly slipping off . This means taking it apart -LRB- 8-10 screws -RRB- and slipping it back on just to have it slip off again an hour later . Support was wonderful and when I got the new belt it did the same thing an hour later . Engineering needs to use capped gears and when I find a suitable work-around I will be using it again . Too bad one minor glitch sidelines a really great tool . Oh yeah , wear protective shoes , this thing throws lots of flesh tearing line at random .
 I had high hopes for this unit . My biggest thing was getting the nylon twine extended quickly and this unit is better than most , but I wish the nylon was thicker . Maybe there is an after market spool that is thicker . HOWEVER , the first time I used it today the cheaply attached wire edge guard flew off and almost hit me in the face . This is a serious problem and a lawsuit is waiting to happen . I 'm still not going to return it because the rest of it is fine and meets my needs . I just leave the wire edge off the unit . I ca n't believe the design team did n't spend a few extra cents and fix the wire to the unit .
 We followed the instructions and put it together ... I started weed eating and about 1 hour into the work , it completely stopped working . we followed all the troubleshooting tips , but to no avail . It was a piece of junk . Black and Decker is not the quality it used to be ...
 I have given up on this useless piece of crap . It worked just fine until the 5 ft of sting ran out on the trimmer and it came time to replace the spool . I bought the replacement spool thinking that it would be a simple install as in other trimmers that I have used , but no such luck . There were no instructions that came with the packaging of the refills and so I consulted the owners manual and it might as well as have been in Greek because it was completely irrelevant to what I needed to do . Searches around the internet provide me with no information on how to do it either . In the end , I am going to just have to pull the weeds by hand . This is the third trimmer that I have tried from Black & Decker and since the first two broke and this one is useless ... never again !
 I have owned 2 B&D trimmers over the last 4 years . I have the same automatic line feed problems everyone previously describes . I 'm not sure if I will ever own another electric string trimmer since other brands do n't seem to look very different . Unless there is another brand of electric trimmer/edger that someone likes , I 'm looking at buying a gas powered 4 cycle trimmer . Any recommendations ?
 The trimmer has great battery life and I leave it charged all the time which is suppose to be bad for the battery , but it does n't seem to affect this one . Must have a smart charger . Anyways , I love this trimmer . . I bought a dozen rolls of trim line , but the line would break after using it for about 20 secs . I would have to open the spool housing , rethread , feed , and then shut the housing , turn over the trimmer and start trimming again ... after 20 secs , I 'll have to do this all over again . I 'll be lucky now if it last 10-20 secs before the line breaks . Looking closely at the hole the line feeds though , the plastic rim of the opening is not lined with a metal or aluminum ring so it gets gouged by the line and this ends up cutting the line . I smoothed it out with a dremel which makes it last longer , but eventually I 'll end up with frequent line breakage again due to the sharp plastic gouges caused by the line.B & D ; could n't even put a metal or aluminum ring where the line feeds though just to save 1-2 cent ? Besides this point , it 's an awesome trimmer if you can get it to work for more than a few seconds . I , unfortunately , am giving it a 1 star rating . If it was n't for the line breakage issue it would be a 5 star product . The battery life is incredible and I 've left it charged almost continuously for over five years and rare use it now . Everytime I try to use it , it spins up as if the battery is new , but once it line breaks -LRB- once or twice -RRB- , I throw it back onto the charger disgusted at how this one flaw can cripple this trimmer.I 'm looking to see if B&D ; upgraded this part.UPDATE
 I would like to update my last review of this machine ... After less than a full season using this `` toy '' I now realize how cheap this thing is . I have spent more time `` re-threading '' the spool after the string wears down to nothing or more often than not , breaks off , than I have trimming . You only end up with about 3 '' of string during the lightest of trimming . And now the lower bearing in the motor is worn out . I guess I 'll strip the battery out of it and trash the rest.If you need to trim anything but the LIGHTEST of grasses , this machine is not of any value to you.And , customer support from Black & Decker is nothing more than a bunch of form letters ... and they are automatic and have nothing to do with your queries.I was poised and ready to purchase their cordless mower , but with the experience I have had -LRB- or lack of -RRB- with their `` customer support '' and the quality of this product , I have purchased another brand .
 Used my cordless trimmer twice and the switch case / plastic assembly fell apart . I could not get it back together because the screw holes joining both sides of the case were stripped out , almost as if they had been put together at the factory with a power tool . Not happy with the quality of the case of this product and would not buy it again .
 This is a poorly made product . I have used it less than 30 hour and have had it repaired 3 times for parts that have stopped working or bust open . Do NOT buy this product .
 After one use the unit leaks from inside.Upon closer inspection a cheap plastic part between 2 brass parts burst . Also the cheap quick connect pops off everytime you release the trigger disabling the unit
 I only used this machine 4 or 5 times before its hose connector cracked and broke . The handle , which is supposed to help you guide the washer while it is leaning on its wheels , slips off constantly and causes the machine to slam to the ground . Water has always leaked from the hoses , even with the addition of teflon tape . It is such a bad design that I do n't even want to buy replacement parts . Buyer Beware ...
 Second time used the on - off switch fell apart . Not a good design.Spray pattern is so - so
 Worked great the first time ... day 2 it would not start/no power nothing ! double checked everything my outlet fine , circut breaker fine , cord fine . Never again will I but Black/Decker !
 I bought the B&D PW1500 product last year . It worked well initially . But then it stopped working properly . The water would be on and the power would be on but the motor would not start when I press the trigger or would start but then stop suddenly . I can only guess that the motor or maybe the pressure sensor has gone bad . Paid $ 130 for it on sale . Only used it 4 or 5 times . I expected more from a B&D product .
 Purchased this new and it did n't work from the start . The compressor runs but no pressure ever builds up and only a drip of water comes out the nozzle . Contacted B&D HQ and took it to a local B&D Service Center , since it was still under warranty , for an exchange . B&D sent me a new -LRB- or refurbished ?? -RRB- one about 1 week later . However , after only using this new one a couple of times , it 's now doing the same thing as the first one and does n't work at all ! Unfortunately , now my 2 year warranty is out , so I 'm out $ 140 !!! Very shoddy quality . I 'm completely disgusted with B&D and will NEVER again purchase ANY of their products !!!
 The GCFI plug was bad from the get go.I requested B&D ; to send a new plug but they wanted to play BS games instead of sending me one.I find it hard to believe that they would treat what presumably is a electric shock hazed in such a cavalier manner.The deal is this !
 I have used this item perhaps 4 times for very light work . This last time I pulled it out I found there was very little pressure and water was spraying all over the interior . I took the cover off and found that one of the internal parts had split down the middle and it was leaking all over . It is virtually impossible to repair and I am out my investment in what I thought would be a high quality product.Very disappointed .
 If you buy this washer you will be wasting your money . A total piece of junk !
 very thin slats , if i were to touch it before buying it i would have never bought it , well maybe for 5 bucks
 I bought this late last year but only recently had it put together and hung as it was a cold winter . Unfortunately , it was not a comfortable swing with the seat too short and too flat and it 's definitely flimsy with the back making a cracking sound the first time I sat in it . As a matter of fact I sat on it last weekend and it completely broke ! I 'm not that heavy and I hate to think what would have happened if there had been 2 people sitting on it . I do n't think it could actually hold 2 people at once . I 'll never buy from this seller again .
 Swing looks good but is cheaply made . On arrival one of the back slats was broke . I guess you get what you pay for .
 My son said to me that this swing is more for decoration and not for sitting ! I totally agree . The seat is too narrow and the back is too short . No sleepy afternoons on this swing .
 We had a good experience with quick delivery and quick pick-up with no return hassles . Unfortunately , the wood is not very thick which means swing is not very sturdy . One of the seat slats actually came loose easily when I pulled at it to test the strength of construction . Was concerned it would not hold our weight and returned it .
 It sure looks nice-but the wood is so cheap.My 200lb hubby sat on it and the wood snapped in one corner-we willmost likely have the handyman try to reinforce it-It would be great if it was just for kids -
 This is a very light duty Poorly put together swing . It might work as a decorative item but as a usable swing it fails . I ended up returning this item as it was falling apart as it came out of the box . Amazon did give me a full refund but I would stay away from this item anyway .
 I purchased this machine from Amazon , used it for an hour , doing a great job . Then I stopped only long enough to refuel , tried to restart , could not get the rope to pull out of the machine.My first thought was excessive fuel was creating a lock , so I removed the spark plug , no help . Called Ryobi Customer service suggested I take the machine to a Warranty center to repair or return to Amazon , but would not allow to be returned to manufacture . I took it to a authorized repair center , unit was there over one week . Today I went to the repair center thinking my machine has been repaired . It was not , but the technician told me the gears are defective . Technician has left several messages with Ryobi to get authorization to repair , but get no return calls from Ryobi . Also Amazon states that gas powered products are not returnable . Buyers beware of Royobi and Amazons policy .
 This was a great machine the first time we used it , but it broke the second time out . It ran for awhile , then the second time out , it would n't restart . We have the same issue as one of the other reviewers where Amazon wo n't take it back , and are unsure on how to approach repair . It may have been better to purchase from a store . . at least we would have had the option of just returning it . Now we 're stuck with a broken tiller and a yard needing to be tilled . . : -LRB-
 I bought the Ryobi for my Mother In-law as a Christmas gift . It will not start and has been at a repair shop for two weeks . Because it came from Amazon and not a dealer , the warranty may not apply ... if and when it can be fixed .
 this is a nice machine until the wheels stick in the mud . the wheel assembly is way to small and flimsy for this type of machine . a bad design in My eyes .
 If you look at the 4 and 5 star reviews for this product most are based on a review made shortly after installing the device . This review is based on owning two of them over a two month period . Both failed and would not read an outdoor temperature after one month . Not recommended . Shame on Timex for putting their name on this poorly made product . There is no warranty and to return the product for replacement costs more than the product . DO NOT BUY .
 I bought this Thermometer and used it outdoors . The display has currently stopped working on several of the numbers so I am in the process of looking for a replacement , a different brand and type . I believe I have had this Thermometer 1-2 years .
 I bought this thermometer to monitor temperatures in my backyard greenhouse in NYC.Although the outdoor probe is placed in an area sheltered from direct sunlight and rain , it simply stopped recording any outdoor data after about 1 week . The indoor function worked until our first Spring heatwave . I watched temperatures soar in the greenhouse upto max 119.6 F without ventilation . The next day , the screen just blanked out . When I checked it again the following day , it was working . We again had a heatwave forecast at 95F with a 100-105F reel feel temperature , and the screen blanked out again . This time I had ventilation running in the greenhouse , which should have brought the temps down . I 'm very disappointed I now have to seek another product .
 Nicely designed , had all the functionality I wanted , easy to read , but died in less than 4 weeks . You 'd think it would have at least lasted as long as the AAA battery that powers it .
 Funny that I had to Google to find this in Amazon -LRB- I guess stuff that 's sold out does n't come up in the Amazon search -RRB- and then when I do I read the `` Failed in One Week '' review . Well , at least that reviewer got a week out of it . Mine failed in about 3 days . Several different batteries later and I determined that its the unit . Ditto `` how much trouble will I go to for a $ 15 thermometer '' . Guess its the trash heap for this one .
 After one week of normal use the Timex TX5170 stopped functioning
 I bought this after reading the reviews here , thinking that this would be a value for money item . The thermometer failed the calibration test - the indoor and outdoor readings did not match up even though the sensors were in the same place . Further on , the readings were inaccurate and not consistent .
 On my way to return this right now . I just unpacked this , and put a battery in it . The thermometers are totally off ! One reads 70 degrees farenheit and the other reads 40 degrees farenheit ! -LRB- the unit and the sensor are right next to eachother . -RRB- More frustration . Now I have to pack it back up , drive to return it and lose the time and gas money .
 I ordered this for my husband and was very disappointed when we went to use it that it was DOA . We tried several different batteries but it was def . not working.We returned it to Amazon only to find out that they no longer have the item available.I wo n't know if it was just a fluke or a bad item because I ca n't exchange it .
 I bought wired thermometers several years ago because wireless models were expensive.But nowadays you can get wireless models at very low prices.The problem with wired models is that the wire prevents your windows from completely shut and causes draft of cold/hot air in winter/summer . The utilities costs you save in one month is enough to make up for the difference between a wired and a wireless model .
 I bought this thermometer to record the room temperature during winter as my landlord often violates the regulations by cutting down heating . Unfortunately , it seems to show the temperatures , both indoor and outdoor , at least several degrees above the actual . When I was feeling chilly inside the room while wearing a long-sleeve inner and a heavy sweatshirt , it showed 66F inside and 58F outside . I checked the weather channel and saw the local temperature at 48F . So I changed the location of the sensor a little further from the window , but the reading did not change much . Strange that all the comments gave this product 5 stars and mine does not work as nicely as theirs .
 In a stable temperature environment , the temperature displays continually vary about 2-3 degrees every few seconds . Even with the external probe right next to the main unit , the temperatures reported are different by about 3-4 degrees . This unit is getting returned and I 'll look for better one , even if it costs a few dollars more .
 I refer to this unit as my random number generator because that is its only function , apparently . Both temperatures are off and the humidity reads about 5 % high - the only thing consistent about it . If you decide to go for it , check it closely upon receipt . You might get lucky and get a good one but be prepared to send it back . First , test the two temp readouts side-by-each both at indoor and outdoor temps -LRB- or in home , fridge and/or freezer -RRB- and against something you have some confidence in.I suggest that when you run the outside thermocouple , mount it to a non-conductive surface or , better yet , just let it hang loose - away from the house and sunlight . Good luck !
 This item is very unreliable . I suspected the humidity readings were off because they seemed awfully low , so I finally learned a way to test it and discovered it was 8 % off ! That 's quite a lot . An accurate hygrometer is very important to me so I can monitor the humidity in a room where I keep sensitive musical instruments . Needless to say , I was extremely disappointed to purchase something that does n't work very well . Next time I 'd pay more to get a better product .
 This thermometer was for use in my incubator , which worked wonderfully for almost three months , before it died . I 'm hoping I do n't loose this `` hatch '' while I search for another , more durable , unit . Although , how `` durable '' does it have to be , to sit on the desk 24 hrs a day?I was able to place the sensor at the level of my eggs and adjust the temp/humidity level as needed . It was great and we had an excellent hatch rate . Sad to say , with my second round in the incubator ... it suddenly died . And of course , after the 30-day window to return , I am unable to have it replaced.As another reviewer noted , although it is labeled Timex , it is made in CHINA . So much for trying to buy american . Wish Amazon would set up a `` made in America '' highlight button for products !
 I received this as a gift and they should have read the reviews before they bought it for me . It is way inaccurate ! We shall try and send it back , but I am not sure if we can . The temperatures are off and the humidity is way off and usually does not even read when there is a 50 % humidity .
 I suppose some folks might consider $ 14 a reasonable rent for a thermometer/hygrometer for 9 mos . If the unit were ` sold ' that way , I might even agree , but it 's not.The unit has recently begun reporting completely erroneous temperature . Changed batteries , etc. . Clock still works and hygrometer looks reasonably close . But that 's it.Oh well .
 Seemed to work for two or three days , after which the hygrometer failed completely . It now jumps between 45 % and 70 % humidity readings within the space of a minute .
 This unit is junk . Numbers are not all working , humidity always says 22 or 23 no matter what.Even the packaging sucked . I am returning this now . Find another one .
 This is the 2nd one i 've owned-my puppy chewed the 1st one that worked great-i had it for 2 years . This one i had only a few hours and it stopped working . Sent back to amazon for a full refund-i bought a different brand .
 Item failed quickly after purchase . seller NO help . replacement purchased locally , cheaper , better . No faith in this seller !!
 It works fine but the readings are about 4 degrees off . When the outside sensor is placed next to the unit , both readings - in and out - should be the same yet there is a 4 degree difference . Which reading is correct ?????
 Note that this only goes down to 32F on one of the thermometers and -4 F on the other thermometer . This makes it useless in a northern climate . It gets down to -45 F here in Vermont . Any thermometer should have the full range that might be experienced , indoors or outdoors , -90 F to +140 F. I was puzzled why it bottomed out at 32F until I came back and read the description here . Fail .
 I like the Timex TX5170 . It 's easy to read and simple to set up . My complaint is that the readouts , though consistent , are not accurate . On my unit the indoor temperature reads 2 degrees lower than the actual temperature andthe outside sensor reads 4 degrees below the actual temperature .
 This seemed to be a quality item until it totally stopped working after a few days . Kinda cheap quality . Maybe I got a `` lemon '' ?
 I bought this elsewhere , but it went back to the store unused when I discovered -LRB- through calling Black & Decker , as they did n't include this little detail at the store OR in the product manual -RRB- that the device requires a minimum of 24 hours of charging between uses!That would n't be a big deal , except it only runs for an advertised 8 to 15 minutes on one charge ! I figured , trim , let it charge for a few hours , then trim more if I need to . But I 'm not going to build my whole weekend around having enough time to get in an additional trimmer power charge !
 This product , which had been discontinued by B&D had been sitting on the shelf for a number of years , allowing the shelf life of the dry cell battery to pass . The result is I ca n't get a full charge and only get 20 minutes of run time between charges -LRB- should be 1 hr . -RRB- This is a problem that both whosalers and retailers almost always overlook .
 I 've had this trimmer for less than 5 years and I 've always had trouble with the string getting trapped - take the spool apart and refeed . Two weeks ago it started turning super slow , so I tested the voltage of the charger and the battery and found the battery was bad . With this model you have to take upper part of this unit completely apart to remove the battery , which costs $ 27.00 at the local battery store . I tried the Black & Decker website and it 's not listed . Not worth replacing , only to have small change when I get it running .
 I 've owned mine less than a year - and now it is finally broken -LRB- after countless rigged repairs ! -RRB- DO N'T BUY THIS ! It 's junk !
 Simply put , this trimmer is suited for light jobs at best . I do n't consider my application heavy duty . It 's just your normal yard trimming around trees , fence , sidwalk , etc.The .060 trim line just does n't hold up and the bump line feeder either continually jammed or did n't work at all . During the first and only use , I had to take the feeder apart roughly 6 times.The battery charge held up as I did n't loose power in the 15 minutes of actual operation time -LRB- not including repair time -RRB- . It is light weight and easy to handle . Easy assembly.The unit was returned to the store after it 's first use in exchange for a slightly more expensive gas trimmer.I would give this a one rating , but I 'll give this trimmer the benefit of the doubt in hopes it can function in maybe a smaller setting . However , like I said , my application is not heavy-duty .
 The .065 trim line just does n't hold up , and I had to open the feeder and redo the trim line almost every minutes.I am gon na return it this weekend .
 I am very dissapointed in this product . I 've owned it less than 2 years and it has already fallen apart and I need to buy a new trimmer . I have less than 1/8 of an acre and the battery only lasted long enough to do the inside or the outside of the fence , not both . So it would always take me 2 days to do the yard . The line jammed a lot and had to be refed constantly . I 'm not buying another black and decker .
 This product should never have been placed on store shelves . The cord breaks approximately every two minutes . I have a tiny yard and just wanted a trimmer that could work for five minutes . Sure , it holds a charge for that long and is light weight but with cord problems it is no fun to use . My experiences has proven over and over again , that B & D makes bright colorful disposable products that are n't meant to be used !
 I had one of these for years , worked great , then bought this one , and only lasted 1 1/2 years , with little use . Switch went on it .
 When I purchased my new electric lawn mower I also purchased this trimmer . I purchased it in April of 2005 and it is officially broken as of March 2007 . I have a very small yard that I maintain myself -LRB- mowing , edging , trimming , weeding front and back takes hour and a half -RRB- and I do n't have to mow at all during the winter months . So I am estimating that I used the trimmer/edger a total of 70 times before it broke.What I have to say about the product is the following : While it will eat up just about anything it also throws up rocks and debris at will -LRB- no matter how you have the guard turned -RRB- and has hit me in the face and legs more than once -LRB- hard enough to draw blood -RRB- and I am almost 6 feet tall.It is a string hog because of its auto string function - using 2 spools worth for a very small front and back yard that is regularly kept up.Its auto function depends on if it likes the way that you wind the string on the spool.Its edging feature -LRB- while it works -RRB- does not allow for precision . All other edgers I ever used I could gauge where it would hit and have a great line . This tool always is a guessing game on if you get chucks of grass gouged out as well as edged.It is rather flimsy in that in the first two months the plastic head of the edger was already cracked and missing a piece . And now even more has cracked and fallen off causing the auto feed function to no longer work . I suspect that all the debris and rock throwing that I mentioned in my first comment is the culprit.Needless to say fool me once shame on you , fool me twice shame on me . I am not buying this same item again .
 Bought this as a replacement for the exact same model - we liked the first enough to skip right to it . light , powerful , easy to use -LRB- auto advance feature nice -RRB- , inexpensive ... just make sure you wear long pants ...
 This trimmer functioned exactly twice for me . While the '' no bump '' feature sounded like a good option , it was really slow to advance the string . But I was getting a good cut , so I kept going . That is until the machine completely stopped . No amount of cleaning , or rewinding the stringcould bring this thing back to life . I never even used up the spool of string which came with the trimmer . Fortunately , I have been offered a full refund which I will take advantage of . Do n't waste your time with this trimmer . Sadly this lack of quality seems all too prevalent with Black & Decker home products . So why 2 stars ?? Well , when it worked it did the job .
 Used this trimmer 10 or so times , and the first time I replaced the spool line , t6he motor gave and had to get a new one . I did like it when it was working , enjoyed the swiveing head adjustment , but quality lacks .
 My last Black & Decker lawn trimmer lasted about five years before it burned out . I decided to get a more powerful one which is this 4.2 amp trimmer/edger . To use as an edger you push a button and turn the trimmer end vertical . It is not very impressive as an edger , unless you have little grass growing over edge of driveway or sidewalk and do it weekly . A better choice for a edger is a bladed one.Due to a physical problem a few years ago , I had professionals mow & trim lawn . So , I used the new B&D ; trimmer rarely . Yesterday I decided to trim some things and when a tiny vine got wrapped around the trimmer head , it burned out . I had not even used one full head of line ! It cost $ 60.00 at Sears and had been used less than a dozen times . A new motor costs $ 38.00 online for the part . I am now thinking about switching to a 4 cycle motor unit with a cultivator attachment.My experience with B&D ; lawn products is not good . However , I have a good B&D ; drill and a sabre saw that have lasted many years -LRB- also , do n't use them a often -RRB- . My advice
 The entire spool of string only lasts one time on a very small yard . This is a DO N'T BUY .
 I needed one badly as a Sears one had just broken down for the 8th time ... & last . I immediately noticed that this trimmer had limitations . Grass taller than 4 '' with backbone slowed the motor down , 10 '' weeds stopped it or snarled it to a stop . I should have purchased more power . As to automatic feeders , I have yet to meet one with any consistency at all . Whats automatic is me having to pull out more string .
 I bought this trimmer/edger thinking how great it would be to just trim with the auto-feed feature . I have had the most difficult time with this trimmer . I used over 75 feet of line in an area smaller than 250 sq. ft. of mainly grass and some weeds . After using the spool that came with it which lasted 10 minutes , I constantly had to stop to re-wind the spool -LRB- yes , I read the directions and did it properly - 5 times -RRB- . It continuously cut off pieces of line and threw them close to 100 ft. through the air . This is not safe in a California neighborhood . I would not recommend this trimmer unless you like fiddling with your trimmer .
 THE FIRST TIME I TOOK IT OUT OF THE BOX -LRB- THE FIRST ONE -RRB- I WAS SO EXCITED ! IT HAD A RUBBER COATING ON , NO MORE BLISTERS . THEN I TOOK IT TO WORK CAUSE I HAVE `` AMERICAN LAWN SERVICES '' AND AT FIRST IT WORKED GREAT THEN I DECIDED TO DO MY LAWN . BAD PURCHASE AS I STARTED THE AUTO MATIC SPOOL FEED STOPED FEEDING THE LINE WAS N'T EVEN STUCK SO EACH TIME THE LINE RAN DOWN I HAD TO TURN IT OVER A MANUALY DO THE FEEDING MYSELF ! BY THE TIME I WAS DONE IT TOOK ME TWICE THE TIME IT TOOK A POULAN WEED EATER . BUT THAT GAVE AFTER NINE MONTHS OF SERVICE ! THE DOWNGRADE I PURCHASE IN EXCHANGE WAS JUST AS BAD !!! IF YOU LIKE FLIPPING IT OVER JUST TO GET LINE DONT BUY THESE OR TRUST ME YOUR HANDS WILL HURT WHEN YOUR DONE .
 My PW 1810 worked fine for the first use when I washed my 20x8 deck . After that I had to remove the gun in order to start the motor , the autostart did not work anymore . One year later -LRB- just after the end of the waranty ... -RRB- the washer did n't start at all . It was the power microswitch at the bottom of the unit actuated by the water pressure which was burned . I replaced it myself . The washer worked again for the last summer and is again out ! Te part I found was not quite as strong as the original one -LRB- ori . = 22A 125V ; replp . = 15A 125V -RRB- . I wrote to Customer Service in order to get the Part Number of the power microswith . They send me back to a phone number in Canada , but no Part number nothing . Very poor service.My father in law has a K&auml;rcher for more than ten years and it still works perfectly -LRB- he uses it many times more than I do with the CH -RRB- . K&auml;rcher for sure will be my next Pressure washer.Don ' t buy Campbell Hausfeld as it is not a quality product and there is no service .
 THE PRESSURE WASHER PURCHASED FROM AMAZON WAS TWO YEARS OLD.IT WORKED LONG ENOUGH TO WASH ONE CAR.I WILL NOT BUY FROM AMAZON AGAIN .
 This pressure washer got great review from Money magazine for its cleaning power , not its durability or reliability . Mine quit working after 15 or so uses -LRB- 2 deck cleaning and the rest is just car wash -RRB- . Worse , as some other reviewers have experienced , there 's no part . Even their own service center said - throw it away , get a new one . I called the company and it looked like this is common problem . They may still work out some deals for you even if it already exceeds warranty.Why would you want to spend $ 200 + on machine that does n't last more than 2 years . I 'm very disappointed with this product . It would be cheaper to just pay someone to wash my car .
 Worked for a very short while -LRB- a few hours over 2 years -RRB- and then pffttt ... gone ! Very poor quality , stay away ! 1 star is over-rated !
 I bought one of these on sale at WalMart . This POS worked at first then it started leaking from inside resulting in reduced pressure . It was near impossible to open to repair the leak . And even once we got it open , it was a leak that could not be fixed . It was past warranty , of course , and now I have to go find another pressure washer .
 I bought this product directly from Campbell Hausfeld 's web site . Little did I know when I bought it , that it was a refurished unit that they sent to me . It came with a soap cap cracked . The washer fell out of the base shortly after that which causes water to be leaked and it leaks soap from the base of the bottles . This unit is simply plastic junk and I will not be purchasing any more of Campbell Hausfeld 's products .
 The unit was very good for general cleaning of our deck and camper without tearing a hole in everything until it quit working within the 1st year . Called Customer Service to get help . They sent a call tag for the defective unit . Repacked in original packing and sent back . Received refurbished unit back in October 2009 and did not have time to test it . Put in warm basement for winter . Used 4 times in spring/summer 2010 and it worked great . Last time I used it I could not get pressure . Had to slide the adjustable nozzle all the way forward and let water run like a stream then slide back and I would get pressure . However after letting go of the trigger I would have to start all over again . What a joy when you need to use this . I have emailed the company again to see what 's up with this POS . I will never buy anything from Campbell Hausfield again if this is there quality
 Like the others , I had issues within an hour out of box . My big peeve was that it would n't draw the cleanser from the `` double tanks . '' But it leaked pretty good.Poor spray pattern and difficult to maintain consistent results .
 1800 PSI ELEC. PRESSURE WASHERThis top rated machine worked for one day -LRB- one hour -RRB- . The next day the motor would not start . Customer service and technical support could suggest nothing other than taking the unit to an authorized service dealer . The nearest one is two hours away . If you buy this unit -LRB- or any power washer -RRB- , you had better make sure there is a nearby authorized repair service . Or buy from a store instead of online .
 Here 's the good - the unit has a small footprint , relatively light , you do n't have to deal with gas , oil , etc. and does a pretty good job of cleaning for the DIY.The mixed blessing is that this is one of the better electric units and will barely make it past the one year warranty , then the pump and motor give out on your leaving you with a useless machine . In a way , you 'd be better off with a cheaper unit so you can at least get a refund , new unit etc. when it will predictably fail in 3-6 months.I have used this unit for 14 months and here are my observations :1 -RRB- unit keeps turning on and off . This becomes more frequent as your cleaning session progresses .2 -RRB- There seems to be an air pressure issue . Even when the motor and pump are on and water is coming out , there is very little pressure . I have found the best way to relieve this is to take off the tip , squeeze the trigger and let the air purge out , then re-attach the tip .3 -RRB- The hose is too stiff so you can never wrap it neatly around the unit - you will have both the power and hose cords spread all over the place .4 -RRB- If you put any cleaning or soap solution in the tank it will come out regardless of turning the switch to `` off '' . It also leaks very badly -LRB- both tanks -RRB- so whatever you have left over will leave a pool of messy liquid near the base of the unit during storage.Another note
 The QC on this product must be terrible . I 've experienced the same failure as the reviewer above . Power washing a bike the unit just quit and would not come back on . In spite of a positive review from a `` consumer review '' web site this unit can not meet that positive review 's standards if it fails outright within one hour of being removed from the box .
 Campbell Hausfeld PW181000AV - pressure hose so stiff there is no way to wrap it as displayed in the picture , pressure pulses off and on . . so sustained washing is impossible . If you use the soap reservoir you will notice the unit always sends a little soap even if the soap is not `` selected '' . Wheels are wobbly . . Ignore web sites claiming to offer editorial reviews of this product as this unit is highly rated yet I can not find a single function/feature that is not sub-par . I miss my old , lighter , more reliable , cheaper Karcher .
 I bought Model PW1810 - what a dissapointment ! After the first use it would not start . Tried different sequences of on/off , reset , trigger , etc. and it sometimes worked so I did not return under warranty . Now after not using for 6 months it will not start at all and I am beyond the 12-month warranty period ; Campbell Hausefeld will not extend it . Tells me to drive one hour for repair on my own.Wish we had read the user reviews before I purchased . The on-line `` expert '' endorsements must have been paid for by the manufacturer because the machine is junk . Next time I will stick to Sears or other well-known retailer -LRB- Lowes , Wal-Mart -RRB- .
 First one failed after 20 minutes . Had to go to service center two time as they do n't stock it to get a second one . Tested it for a minute , put it away for season . Took it out 6 months later , failed in 15 seconds . Let 's see if they honor the warranty for a 3rd . Do n't buy , this is junk . Advise looking at the manufacturer 's service website before buying a product like this -LRB- high end , non-professional -RRB- . The level of self-help is terrible -LRB- trying entering any question into the FAQ and you will see `` nothing found '' , for even stuff like the model number or `` does n't start '' or even `` start '' . Nada . Do n't buy product from a company that is this disrespectful to customers . I was dumb . Made in China strikes again .
 I ordered this product from the Campbell Hausfeld CPO site as a reconditioned unit . It arrived looking like it had been thrown into the box - no packaging whatsoever . I 've bought things in better condition at garage sales . It had a broken wheel , which C-H replaced under the 30 day warranty . Both cleaning fluid intake hoses were crimped , so I had to carefully straighten them out . The instructions for assembling the unit are poorly written and illustrated . It is built like a toy . When I filled the cleaning solution container with C-H cleaning fluids , one of the tanks leaked because of a pinhole . Neither of the tanks actually supplied cleaning fluid to the pump . The pressure is not impressive , regardless of which nozzle or setting you use , and we have plenty of inlet pressure from our water supply . It is quiet . I was unable to use the product as intended until after the expiration of the warranty , so my only recourse was to locate a C-H service center -LRB- these are all independent compressor shops -RRB- to repair my unit . I live in a Los Angeles suburb , but there was not a single service center within 25 miles listed on the C-H website that worked on pressure washers . So , what to do ? I 'm certainly not going to waste any more money on this this piece of junk , so I 'll sell it at the next garage sale for $ 25 and tell the new owner that it works well to blow leaves off your driveway . Other than that , it 's useless .
 I purchased this to replace my tired unit that was several years and hours old . This unit has been over engineered and made less powerful while adding alot of weight . The water connection is on the wrong side and is very vulnerable to breakage , the extra length of cheaper hose swells up and absorbs pressure . The turbo wand is less powerful . They have even reduced the size of the wand holder holes so you have breakdown the wand to store it . Overall quite a disappointment .
 I attempted to use this to patch a crack in a curved section of a hard-shell EPDM pond liner . I have had a hard time finding glues and binders that work with the EPDM . I cleaned the whole area up and let everything dry and the patch went on easy enough . A day later I was disappointed to see that it had started to pull away from the concave curvature of the liner leaving a large gap . I will now attempt to glue it back to the liner but that is not supposed to be the point , is it ?
 Trying to repair the liner on the bottom of my fish pond with this product was a frustrating experience . I drew down the water , forcing the koi to the deep area of the pond , cleaned the damaged area , roughed it with sandpaper , cleaned it with denatured alcohol and applied the patch . After about 30 minutes , I refilled the pond . Two days later the patch was no longer on the hole . I tried two more times . The last time I placed a flat concrete block on the patch . The longest any patch appeared to hold was three days , which is when I removed the block . This was a lot of work and expense with poor results . Has anyone tried the patches with the glue you mix and then apply underwater ? Did the glue harm the fish ?
 I 've had the Ryobi string trimmer for about seven years . Finally wore out the old one and had such a great experience with no problems over the years that I decided to purchase a new 775r . First one I received had a bad clutch . Sent it back to Amazon who readily replaced it . The new one sent had a seized engine . Never ran out of the box because it came out seized . Not sure what 's happening with Ryobi but stay away from this company and product . Until this experience I would 've sworn by them . Reading some of the other reviews , I 'm not the only one who 's been let down by the company.I wrote an email to the folks at Ryobi and got a form email response.Buyer Beware .
 I thought that I was the only one having a problem with a Ryobi string trimmer . I am returning the 3rd one in 4 days . # 1 seized . # 2 would not start after 1/2 tank of gas . # 3 will not start even though the gas is fresh and oil is Ryobi . As were the other 2 . My previous Ryobi brush cutter self destructed . Drive shaft pulled out of the cheap plastic housing . Engine on this runs fine , but the housing is irrepairable.Guess it is time to find a better brand .
 I HAVE PURCHASED THIS ITEM 2 TIMES IN THE PAST 2 YEARS WITH THE SAME RESULTS . QUALITY OF THE 2 CYCLE ENGINE IS VERY POOR . THE ONLY REASON I PURCHASED THE 2ND TIME WAS I ALREADY HAD ALL OF THE ATTACHMENTS . I THOUGHT THE FIRST WAS ONLY BAD LUCK BUT THE SECOND ONLY LASTED 6 MONTHS AND WAS ONLY USED ABOUT 2 HRS . TOTAL . THIS IS MY LAST RYOBI UNIT . MY YARD IS LESS THAN 1/2 ACRE AND ONLY USED ON THE EDGE OF THE GRASS WITH NO TREES TO TRIM AROUND . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM.THE FINS ON THE FLYWHEEL WHICH COOLS THE ENGINE COMES APART AND DAMAGES THE STARTER MECH . AND ENGINE .
 I am mechanically handy but I have NOT been able to start this trimmer . I have had bloddy hands so I have learned to wear leather gloves to attemt to start . This is a total waste of money . They say to have fresh gas . I bought a sererate gas container , went to the gas station and got fresh gas . I added their oil mix and followed all instructions carefully but not even a sputter.Be warned .
 I 'd like to start with , after owning 4 Ryobi trimmers , I have not been satisfied , all four of them were exchanges due to bearing seizures in the motors . The first of which was returned within 30 days of the purchase , all others were exchanged through Home Depot . The last of the four trimmers was taken to a shop that was recommended by Ryobi , never once did I receive an apology for the product that I classify as junk . The last one just as the others , had a bearing noise and stopped running at times , I took the unit into the repair shop and they did a repair to the carburetor , after receiving the unit back , the unit still was not running correctly but was now out of their two year warranty so I was stuck with it . I tried using the unit just beyond the noise and the piston broke off the rod inside of the engine . It was not from fuel mixture as I mixed the oil/fuel exactly as specified on the owners manual . When I contacted Ryobi , I got an email back from them saying that if I had contacted them during the two years I had the product they would have helped me , I asked with what , the units were junk , and as far as I was concerned they should have started the warranty each time one of the units had to be replaced -LRB- 2 to 3 uses -RRB- , they said it was partially my fault the unit failed . Shaking my head , um , I used the trimmers approximately 3 times each , that 's over 11.00 per use on each trimmer per trimmer , in other words it cost me more to have the trimmer and deal with the hassle which I got no help from Ryobi with than it was worth . I now own a Stihl and it 's awesome ... . I have the email and would love to post it somewhere from Ryobi so no one else buys a piece of junk like this again , the letter contained much more information than this from Ryobi , pointing fingers at me , then Home Depot , never addressing the fact that the trimmer failed 4 times in two years at about 2-3 uses per trimmer . Save yourself the trouble and buy a Stihl ...
 If I were to put any sort of guarantee on this item , it would be reminiscent of a scene from Tommy Boy . Just go to Lowe 's -LRB- if you have one around -RRB- and ask them where their Ryobi 's are . Word I got from the sales rep was they had tons of returns and discontinued selling their product . Expect the engine to last barely 1 season . You might get 2 seasons but it will require 30-50 pulls -LRB- see title -RRB- before it starts . Of course that is after 2 hours toying with the carb adjustments . That 's what I read had to be continually replaced on these moters . I purchased TroyBuilt rechargeable this year . To be honest , I 'd recommend a rechargeable to anyone after continually bloodying my hands trying to get this thing started . It 's about half the price and has a great feature I only faintly remember in the Ryobi - when you press a trigger this cord at the bottom spins round and round . Maybe future engine models of Ryobi will start implementing this feature in the future . Does a rechargeable have a lot of power ? No , but it has enough juice to trim the grass around the fence in a normal sized yard . If you really do n't need anything special , save your time and money . You press the trigger and it spins . Set aside the price difference towards the purchase of a new grill - or better yet - power tools . Do n't waste your time unless you really want to dedicate half your weekend to the grass . Personally , I chose to replace all my windows instead .
 If you have a real yard and think electric tools are toys , buy a real power tool and not this piece of junk . The edger is a joke and I stripped the gears on the second use.I wo n't get this repaired because I do n't have time to make the same mistake twice and can admit when I made a dumb purchase.I will go to a lawn mower store next time ...
 have had nothing but trouble with this since purchase.poor performance , attachments do n't work with it and can not adjust idle to have engine running at top performance.if i could get someone from the factory to contact me maybe i could get satisfaction but they must all be in the witness protection program since i ca n't find anyone.don ' t buy this product !!!!!!!
 Holy Cow . I 've often thought of having the entire neighborhood come over to `` lay hands '' on the TrimmerPlus praying it will start when I 'm ready to use it . Starting it is a complete nightmare . HOWEVER , IF and when you do get it started , I love the tiller , the string trimmer and the edger -LRB- which works fine -RRB- .
 First one lasted about four hours , then the recoil starter broke . Returnd for replacement . Second unit lasted longer - about five hours - starter broken again . I took the unit apart to try to fix it and found the starting ratchet was cheap plastic ; no wonder it failed . Took it back , got refund and bought a Stihl , which cost more but has n't missed a lick in 9 months . Oh , and the Stihl actually starts in less than twenty pulls . Imagine that .
 We bought this model in 1998 and I loved it and it 's attachments , but I began to notice that when I pushed the throttle in all the way , it would struggle and/or choke out . This went on for a year and a half . It had gone through a move from FL to TX . We went back to the store and got another unit just like it . It worked fine for six months . Then something had clogged or the fuel was mixed badly because it would just idle . Then we got a third one , which I admit I broke while I was adjusting the idle speed . Something that kept the engine running while the trigger was released broke , so I had to hold the trigger in to keep it running . That was 2 years ago . We have exchanged it for a different brand that was compatible with ryobi 's attachments . It was also 2 cycle and I did n't care for it either . So , 2 weeks ago I purchased a 4 cycle unit . -LRB- The TROY-BILT version of the ryobi 875r -RRB- I absolutely LOVE THIS 4-CYCLE UNIT !!! No more mixing of oil and gas , so you engine is safer . It is also quieter , and it has A LOT more torque and power . I still have to go easy on the throttle because I 'm still used to the 2-cycle power . So , to sum it up , if you have your heart set on a ryobi unit ... Without a doubt , go for the 4-cycle available in curved -LRB- 825r -RRB- , and straight -LRB- 875r -RRB- shafts . Also , I would recommend .095 line replacement because it is a lot more durable than the .080 which comes with Ryobis .
 I received this trimmer as a present so I knew nothing about the quality of Ryobi . The trimmer worked very well for its first season . The EZ attachment makes this one unit very versatile as I quickly purchased the edger attachment . I used the trimmer and the edger without difficulty for the summer . However , during the second season , I continually had to leave the choke on in order for the engine to run . The performance and power level is drastically hampered with the choke on . I added the leaf blower attachment during the second season to assist with the leaves . Even with the choke running , the blower worked well.The engine is not built well on the 725r . I have taken it apart to clean it thoroughly ; however , the performance has not improved . I would not recommend this unit due to the lack of engine quality . I am looking at replacing this unit with a Troy-built one that accepts the EZ attachments I have already purchased .
 I was looking for a great Xmas present for my husband -LRB- 2002 -RRB- . I purchased multiple Ryobi products -LRB- trimmer825R , edger , cultivator -RRB- after reading customer reviews , which seemed to be primarily positive . Could n't test the products until spring , but had faith that AMAZON would only sell a quality product . The timmer/edger was used once in mid April 2003 and the trimmer broke -LRB- drive shaft -RRB- . Received back , after 6 weeks at the service dealership . Used that weekend , worked fine , but the following weekend when trying to change attachments the drive shaft would not disconnect.Will need to get serviced again and it seems that a pattern is developing . Will now have a refurbished product that carried a new product price tag . Do n't have much confidence that we will have success with the cultivator . I believe that I have learned an expensive lesson about buying these types of products in any way other than in person . Most retail stores will exchange a defective product for a new one , rather than putting the consumer through a tedious process of interacting with a service dealership .
 It works as a weed trimmer , but it is hard to start . Do not plan on edging with it ! After having the shaft replaced many times under warranty , Ryobi finally admitted to me that the split shaft can not handle edging . The torque is too much . At first they had said , `` Just one of those things . '' Then , `` Gee , you are having bad luck . '' Then `` You must be using it professionally . '' I am not . Now they tell me they realize that the edger does not really work , but it is out of warranty , and they are a different company now . I much prefer the hand-me-down electric edger I have now .
 will the person who wrote and said once you got the trick of starting , please post the trick . I 've never been able to pull the cord on mine . it 's REALLY difficult . Keeps us all wore out before the grass gets done . and then we do n't use it . it wo n't start . :-LRB- Too high priced for the difficulties in it . Needs an electric start .
 i purchased a trimmer after about 1 hr . running it faild to run at all I returned to the srore . they gave me another one . now tiis new one will onley run if you leave choke partly open what is wrong . Ive owned RYOBI products for years this is the first trouble I had lik this
 It did an OK job of trimming but I did grow tired of replacing the line . Replacing the line is n't extremely difficult but it is time consuming . I switched to an aftermarket cutting head -LRB- big mistake -RRB- which had 3 plastic blades . Even with the blades I never used it to cut anything heavy , only for very light use . After about a year with the blades the cutting head decided to quit spinning . After taking it apart the cause of the problem were 2 gears that stripped in the cutting head portion of the trimmer . I would n't recommend this trimmer except for extremely light use .
 This trimmer has given me nothing but trouble from day one . The `` easy feed '' bumper spool dual-line system did not work , so I replaced it with a universal easy-load head . Then , the transmission gears worn down & the trim head would n't turn . I replaced that unit for $ 60 -LRB- my own labor -RRB- . The unit has always been difficult to start , & requires excessive pulls to get it to ignite.This has turned me off of Ryobi products , probably for good .
 owner shaft has dual pins inside if they strip you lose out on your trimmer never buy this product . used it only around house no commerical work .
 I bought this and returned it to Home Depot within 3 weeks . The spool was a nightmare , it would n't come out , etc , etc. . Avoid at all costs !
 Do not buy their products ... I have owned this product for 10 years and have easily spent as much on parts to maintain it as I spent for it . I know 10 years is a long time but it has been nothing but trouble for the entire time .1 . line advance slide mechanism replaced 2 times . $ 23.252 . cutting head assembly replaced 3 times due to poor gear quality , wears like plain carbon steel -LRB- should be case hardened or heat treated -RRB- . $ 150.273 . drive shaft replaced 1 time . $ 26.55
 I bought a Ryobi with this same head some time ago and have used it sparingly . After putting less than three tanks of gas through it , there was a grinding noise from the head and it stopped spinning seconds later . I took it apart to see what happened and the two gears , that provide the 45 drive , had their teeth ground off and the grease packed around them was gritty with metal particles . It looked like a well designed unit , with four ball bearings to support the two shafts , but the gears were not up to the task . Do n't they life-test this stuff before marketing it ? It seems I 'm not the only one who has had this problem .
 I 've had several string trimmers and this is by far the hardest one I 've ever tried to start . I 've spent as long as 20 minutes trying to start it . When I finally get it started , I 'm too tired to trim . Would not recommend it to anyone .
 Have used Ryobi for many years and loved everything , but this thing is for the pits . I 'm up in years and and ca n't get the string to load as a dual line . Then it would ' t feed out the other one I had was a breeze but this one is not right for the older people . I had a 725r before and this one is a 765r . Do you have anyone that could send me a picture on how to load this with string . I love your products but this one is flauwed . This one is harder to start also , I worn out after I finally get it started .
 This unit worked for aproximately 3 years then it started to failure in the time update -LRB- automatic time correction and update -RRB- and also in temperature reading for external temperature . I followed the procedure given in the users instruction sheet , reset it several times for the sequence of battery replacement and for the reset but still it does not correct the problem . For the price paid and the years of usage , I think the unit is expensive but worse frustrating to use .
 The indoor temp still works , though I have plenty of thermostats for that . The outdoor temp stopped working after just 4 days . The clock never worked . Junk ...
 This item did not live up to its description that I read when I purchased it . It is 5 -7 degrees off of correct tempature .
 As noted elsewhere , the frost alarm will go off no matter what you set it to unless you set the channel to something other than `` 1 . '' Wish I could charge Oregon Scientific for the time it took me to figure that out AND for the other thermostat I bought from a different company when I became frustrated.Unfortunately , this was a gift bought in advance , so I could n't even return it .
 The transmitter stopped working after 2 days . Could n't get it to work again . Returned and purchased another brand .
 I read all the instructions , and STILL ca n't get the outdoor sensor to work , no matter what channel I set both of them on . Do n't waste your $ 10 .
 I purchased this RM382A to replace an earlier model Oregon remote thermometer that had failed after 5 + years . This RM382A was a good device , while it lasted . It operated flawlessly for 10 months . Now the remote sensor does not register . The sensor , with a new lithium AA blinks the indicator LED , but the display will not register an outside temperature . This is true even when the sensor is within 5 ' of the RM382A . The sensor , while outside , was under roof , and out of direct weather . I have no way of telling if the sensor failed , or the main unit failed . I 'm highly disappointed with Oregon .
 This is the third OS product purchased ; all three have had relatively short lifespans and this one the shortest ... 3 weeks . Outdoor sensor seems to be the weak link , stops responding after a period of time .
 I was dissapointed by the inaccurate temperature readings on this wireless Oregon Scientific item -LRB- RMR382A-BK -RRB- . I placed the external sensor right next to the inside main base unit -LRB- with its own sensor -RRB- and the temperature was measured as 77.5 degrees on the external sensor , and 74.5 degrees on the base unit -LRB- the inside part -RRB- . The actual room temperature was 73 degrees . This is hardly what I 'd decribe as accurate measurements and certainly is n't what I expected.I called Oregon Scientific and their customer service person said , `` They are built with an expected five degree + / - variation . '' I replied that is a huge range for a digital thermometer and that I can get that kind of `` accuracy '' from a spring or mercury style thermometer . I also found it interesting that nowhere on the box or in the instructions is this five degree + / - range of accuracy mentioned.The customer service rep did n't seem to really care about my issue , and keep trying to act like this is `` OK '' and should be `` acceptable '' and inferred that if I wanted better accuracy I should purchase one of their more expensive models.We 'll , it 's not OK to make crappy products , especially with the Oregon Scientific name on them . The RMR328A will be going back to the store tomorrow and I 'll be looking for another manufacturer that hopefully has a little tighter standard for their thermometer 's accuracy.The Oregon Scientific name used to stand for quality . It seems that this is no longer the case . At least on this model anyway . And the customer service response that `` this is somehow OK and acceptable '' is beyond me.Oh , and by the way , I noticed that this thermometer -LRB- as well as many of their other wireless models -RRB- is manufactured in China . I wonder if this is part of the problem?Jim BaileyLake Oswego , OR
 First , the ONLY reason to buy this thermometer -LRB- as opposed to another thermometer -RRB- is because of the Freeze alarm feature.So lets talk about that ... The freeze alarm goes off at 32F + / - 5 degrees . So what really happens . As the temp drops the freeze alarm goes off at 37F . You press the alarm silence button . So far so good.Now the temp drops to 27F ... the alarm goes off again . Not good , but you silence it . Temp drops some more than warms up to 27F . Alarm goes off again . Continues to warm up through 37F . Alarm goes off AGAIN . Four alarms for ONE freeze event . By now you 've had a horrible night sleep.But wait there 's more . Let 's say nature is n't perfectly linear and the temp drops to 36.9 F -LRB- Alarm goes off -RRB- . Then ten minutes later the temp is 37.1 F -LRB- Alarm goes off again -RRB- . Nature continues to vary and the alarm goes off every FEW minutes until you want to throw the thing in the trash.But I NEED a freeze alarm . And there is NO other inexpensive alarm that I can find in the internet.So , I drilled a hole in the side and put in a switch from Radio Shack that disconnects the ALARM buzzer . Now when the alarm goes off I ignore the ` alarm ' silence button and flip my extra switch OFF and no more alarm . I reset the switch the next time I need the alarm.This device is a great idea but a horrible application .
 I own many Oregon Scientific thermometers , here are some suggestions to simplify it ` s setup . For single , or multiple sensors to work , you need to have all outdoor sensors next to you along with the main unit . First , select a different channel number for each external unit -LRB- or select channel 2 or 3 for a single unit to disable the freeze alarm -RRB- , install the batteries , then press the reset button on each as soon as you install them . Next , install the batteries in the base unit , press the reset , and if using multiple sensors , wait to get a reading on one of the channels . Then toggle the channel button to make sure your getting a reading on all of them . For a single , select the channel on the base unit to match the one you set in the outdoor sensor . Then you may install the sensors in your desired location . If you lose the signal , you have an obstruction . Now for battery changes . If the base unit needs to be changed , you only need to change them and hit the reset button to get the signal back . If you need to replace the outdoor sensor battery , you ` ll need to do the initial setup all over again -LRB- hint , use lithium batteries -RRB- . On the clock . If your having trouble with the atomic clock you can disable it . Press and hold the down button on the back of the main unit for a few seconds . Then press and hold the mode button for a few seconds , the clock will flash . You can then set the time zone , 12 or 24 hr display , and set the time and date manually . After each selection you make , press the mode button to confirm , and to move on to the next selection . ************* UPDATE *********** The older model sensors -LRB- THN138 -RRB- , even though they -LRB- supposedly -RRB- use the same 433mhz , WILL NOT work with this base unit . Likewise , the sensor that comes with this unit will not give a signal to my older head units . WHY ? In order for this model to work , you MUST use the included sensor . And to add insult to injury , EVERY morning the signal is lost . It has to be reset by holding the mem/ch button EVERYTIME . The quality of Oregon Scientific has dropped drastically . I no longer recommend their latest products .
 The first thermometer I was sent was defective . The link between the main unit and the remote sensor dropped after about 30 minutes , so the unit failed to display an outdoor temperature . Thinking there might be some obstacle interfering with the signal , I brought the remote sensor back indoors and tried placing it side-by-side with the main unit -LRB- i.e. no obstacles -RRB- . That did n't fix the problem , so I tried resetting both the main unit and the remote sensor , switching out the batteries -LRB- even though the batteries were from a brand new pack -RRB- , etc. , but the link between the main unit and remote sensor never came back up.So I exchanged the first defective thermometer for a second thermometer . The main unit and remote sensor on the second thermometer had no communication problems , however , the indoor temperature as measured by the main unit was consistently 5 to 6 degrees off . What good is a thermometer that ca n't tell you the correct temperature ? I tried resetting the unit and waited 48 hrs for it to calibrate , but it just never came close to the correct indoor temperature -LRB- the outdoor temperature , however , was correct -RRB- . So I returned the second defective thermometer , too . I have completely given up on this particular product and am back to looking for a good indoor/outdoor thermometer .
 This instrument has a problem that is a real nuisance.The alarm goes on randomly , at all hours day or night.I went to their website , I never heard from them.I opened the case and clipped one of the beeper wires.No more beeping .
 unaware of alarm clock that repeatedly sounds off for temp changes and I assume inadvertent settings on alarm , should have more specific dirctions for setting clock.Better still why have a clock on a thermostat in th first place ?
 Neither husband nor wife can shut off the darn alarm . Have tried - following the directions - multiple times , to no avail . If anyone has conquered this , please advise how to shut off -LRB- deactivate -RRB- the alarm . Thanks .
 `` We have to get this product on the shelves ! '' claimed the CFO angrily . `` But , it 's not finished , '' said the engineer . `` It still has too many bugs . '' `` Bugs schmugs . Hand it over , the company needs money and it 's going to market now . `` And so it was that Oregon Scientific inflicted the RMR382-B Wireless Indoor/Outdoor thermometer on the general public . It claims an atomic clock , but the effort would have been more productive if they included atomic self-destruct . At least that way there would n't be so many customers around to regret their purchase . Although it would raise Cain with property values.On the whole the device appealed to me for its size and ability to read from multiple sensors -- up to four of them . I just wanted one though so I could read indoor and outdoor temperature . But you have a very tight reading angle to see the LCD screen and so one has to view it straight on in order to read it . In low light that 's even more so . It 's ability to read the remote sensor worked for a month or so until I had to reset the time , which had apparently had a tiff with the atomic clock and they stopped speaking . After the time reset , the remote sensor was never read again , although I tried every possible adjustment , replaced the batteries and even tried giving it a gentle slap . But no matter what I tried , the result was the same
 The indoor temp works and the atomic clock works as expected . The remote does not work at all on any channel .
 As I got a super price , I ordered two of these as one receiver can handle 2 remotes . I stored the second receiver for future use . During initial setup , the remote worked for an hour in the house but outside it quit sending information . I moved remote around . Generally the remote was on the patio , in eye sight about 20 feet from base.The second remote was placed in service and worked for 2 months and quit . I called Oregon Scientific and did n't get much help . The base was working fine , but replaced all batteries . Playing with them I finally was able to get the second remote working again for about 3 days before it again stopped giving outdoor temperatures . I never got to try both remotes at the same time . The indoor temp and time work fine , but I bought it for a wireless , outdoor temperature device.The manual is small and hard to read . It did give me ideas to try and actually helped instruct me in the intricate details to do a `` reset '' which worked once . I 'm now shopping for a different brand to try .
 The unit is not easy to program , despite the fact that it says it already is . We live in Florida -LRB- Eastern Time -RRB- and it 's receiver thinks we are in the Pacific Time Zone . And it keeps flipping back to PST . Also I dont believe the temperature display for outdoors . Over all , I am not pleased
 After setting up the Oregon Scientific indoor outdoor thermometer , I noticed that the display was quite difficult to make out even in moderate light which was quite disappointing for a product from this company . After checking the batteries , they both were good which leads me to believe that the display is just very dark and difficult to read even in the best light . I found other Oregon Scientific products over the years including one of their full-blown weather stations that will monitor wind speed , wind direction , rainfall , dew point , temperature and so on and that 's why I decided to go with this brand over others that I had never heard of in the past while hoping for the best . . Oregon Scientific RMR382-B Wireless Indoor/Outdoor Thermometer with Atomic Clock , Black ***** Also , please note that the numbers are only about 1.0 inches tall and that the display is n't as clear as what 's pictured on the website.I will returning this to Amazon for refund and order a different indoor outdoor thermometer . Amazon is the best company I 've ever shopped with and I do a lot of online shopping while never being disappointed in their policies or the products that I purchased -LRB- until today -RRB- . Amazon will help get the things straightened out and I 'll have another thermometer that I am happy with . At Amazon you can shop until you drop in your checking account will be much better off than shopping elsewhere !
 I purchased this item a week ago . As mentioned by previous reviewers , I wish I had read the reviews first . I had the same experience as a prior reviewer . The instrument could n't get the temperature right . Is that a lot to ask of a thermometer ? I conducted an experiment by placing the indoor unit right next to the outdoor sensor in several locations both indoor and out . The two could never agree on the temperature . They were usually about 2 degrees apart in their readings . Also , the `` automatically adjusting '' clock was reset 3 times over 3 days and was placed in various locations as instructed . The closest it got was 3 hours early . Now the directions say that it adjusts to the Colorado Springs Atomic clock . Why would I want to know what time it is in Colorado Springs unless I live in the Mountain Time Zone ? I 'm in the Eastern Time Zone which is 2 hours later . Guess what ? It did get the minutes right so lets give them a hand for that but do n't buy this product .
 Bought three of these to replace my older working Oregon Scientific units that no longer have remote senors available.These units are a huge step backward in quality . It says these are good for remote sensing up to 100 feet but these units have been unable to sense the remotes that are no more than ten or fifteen feet away . Also they are very slow to lock to the time signal . Oregon Scientific really let the ball drop on this one as my older units still work where these do n't .
 Got this elderly father could easily know the outside temp , but I found the screen to be small and difficult to read , as it 's surrounded in thick black frame . Despite setting the remote sensor only 40 ' away , main unit lost signal intermittently . The main unit also failed to acquire the national atomic clock signal reliably , so pretty disappointing item . Returning for refund .
 This is the second Oregon Sci weather device I have had . The first one worked great . I have reset , I have reprogrammed , I have done everything yet the alarm keeps going off randomly . Oregon Sci was non reponsive on queries .
 Channel 1 worked for 48 hours . Reset and went to channel 2 . Lasted about 40 minutes . Reset and went to channel 3 . Lasted 72 hours . New batteries make no difference .
 I must say I was looking for an indoor/outdoor thermometer with a clock , just the basic 's . The outdoor temp seems to be ok , but the range is VERY limited . The indoor temp is fuzzy and you are unable to tell the temp . I am from Ohio and Atomic clock does not work . After reading reviews before buying it , I almost bought something else and Wish I had . The package was discarded so I guess it 's not returnable or it would be returned without a doubt .
 Any wireless indoor/outdoor should not require constant reference to the instruction sheet -LRB- in 4-pt type -RRB- to operate this device . Further , the temperature reading differ by more than 3-deg when the sender is next to the display , and the temperature receive from the sender is erratic even when 4 '' away.The World Time Standard does not work . I expect this in/out device to work at least as well as my old 5-y `` SkyScan '' wireless in/out sensor system .
 My old Oregon thermometer worked well but we dropped the outdoor module and it broke . The receiver was good to look at . The purchased RMR382-B was ugly to look at , and the outdoor thermometer did n't work .
 Not worth it . Stopped working after one month and half . Lost communication between temp sensor . Just do n't buy cheap stuff , there is a reason why it is cheap .
 I read the reviews about the freeze warning alarm going off before I purchased this product . I knew there was no way to easily shut off the freeze warning alarm . Living in CT the temperature can go above and below the freeze warning termperature more than once a night during certain times of the year . Well , I thought I had found a way to de-activate the alarm without going to channel 2 , but I was wrong . Woke me up at 3am in the morning one day . OK , so I tried again to de-activate , but the next night it went off and I was really upset . Finally changed both receiver/transmitters to channel 2 and was ready for a good nights sleep . NOT SO . Alarm went off at 3:32 in the morning and I was livid ! To finally make it so that it will never sound again , I cut the wires to the speaker ! Now what kind of poorly designed product requires cutting wires to get the desired result of no alarm ? Thermometer is a few degress off plus or minus . Would not recommend buying this product .
 How in the world can a company with the word `` Scientific '' in it manufacture a product with such an infuriating flaw ? The alarm is staight out of hell . We finally threw it over the fence into the woods after being hounded incessantly with that wretched alarm . And they keep on manufacturing & selling them !!!!
 The product has a standard clock alarm . It also has an alarm to alert you when the temperature gets to a specified high level , and/or to a specified low level . It also has an alarm to alert you when the temeperature is near freezing that could result in icing conditions . The product can also accept 3 temperatures sensors . When you iniially set up the system you can select channel 1 , 2 , or 3 for each sensor . On the surface , this sounds very straight forward . Well , the product comes with 1 sensor so the obvious assumption is to simply set this sensor to use Channel 1 which I did . Well , after reading the instructions and playing with the product , I was able to set and use the clock alarm . I was able to set and use the high/low temperature alarms . But the alarm that was most confusing was the icing condition alarm . There was absolutely no way to turn this alarm on and off . So after extreme , careful reading of the instructions , I learned that this alarm was automatic and only available when the temperature sensor is set to use channel 1 . To deactivate this alarm means that you have to switch the sensor to use channels 2 or 3 . Once you know this , it is very easy to change channels ... less than 2 minutes to complete . But this automatic , audible feature , without a way to manually turn it on and off could potentially limit a user to only being able to use 2 of the 3 channels . It was definitely time consuming to figure out that `` not all channels are created equal `` I think the manufaturer could have done a better job at highlighting the special features included with Channel 1 , as that is a critical decision for a user to know when initially setting up the product.Alternatively , I think that the manufactuer could have made all the features for all the channels the same and given the user a mechanism to turn the icing condition alarm on/offI think that the only way that I found out about this nuance was because it was winter time when I bought the product and the icing condition alarm was going off at various times of the day and night . I had to either figure out how to stop the icing alarm from beeping , or remove the batteries and throw away the product . I must admit that some of the user controls are not intuitively obvious , so I am definitely keeping my instruction sheet very close to the product . I could easily see someone buying this product in the summer time , intially setting it up , either misplacing or throwing out the instructions , and then when winter time comes , having the icing alarm beeping at weird hours of the day or night and not understanding how to turn the feature off.But once all of the setup stuff was finally figured out , I have been very happy with product .
 The remote and main unit synchronized quickly , and the atomic clock functioned within a couple hours - both very good . However , with no alarm indicator showing on the display screen , an alarm kept going off with no apparent reason . The instructions were scant , but I am pretty sure I got all the alarm functions off , but the alarm still sounded repeatedly . I emailed product support and they replied they would get back to me within 2-3 business days . That was 9 days ago . I removed batteries .
 unit was defective ou of the box ; customer service tried to help , but it 's going back to sears .
 I bought this product , # RMR382A I should have read the reviews first . This product has a faulty alarm that goes off at random times . We have turned the alarm on and off and it still happens . Check out the reviews , apparently Oregon Science is not getting back to anyone with a resolution .
 THIS IS THE SECOND INDOOR/OUTDOOR THERMOMETER FROM OREGON THAT WE HAVE PURCHASED . THE FIRST ONE , A DIFFERENT MODEL AND MORE SOPHISTICATED , IS JUST GREAT -- WE LOVE IT , AND IT WORKS WELL.HOWEVER , THIS MODEL GAVE US PROBLEMS FROM THE BEGINNING.FIRST , IT DID NOT SET THE CLOCK ATOMICALLY -- NO MATTER HOW LONG WE LEFT IT . WE HAD TO SET IT MANUALLY.SECOND , THE ICE/FROST TEMPERATURE ALARM FEATURE DROVE US OUT OF OUR MINDS -LRB- !!! -RRB- GOING OFF CONSTANTLY SO THAT WE HAD TO TAKE THE BATTERIES OUT AND CALL THE 1-800 PHONE NUMBER FOR HELP . WE FINALLY GOT THAT RESOLVED.LASTLY , IS THE MILITARY , TIME -LRB- !! -RRB- . I DO NOT NEED TO HAVE MY CLOCK SET TO 00:00 HOURS . HOW RIDICULOUS . WE HAD TO ADJUST THAT MODE ON AND OFF AS WELL.WHAT A PAIN TO GET EVERY FEATURE TO MEET AN EVERYDAY READ-OUT !!!
 The product details says
 I purchased 2 sets of these . The main unit of the first set is defective and the remote unit of the second set is defective . I combined the working units and they work fine . Have n't had the time or the energy to send back the bad units .
 It works very well but it sends a signal whenever the outside temperature hits 37 degrees . It 's very annoying . The signal has to be stopped each time manually but ca n't be permanently stopped .
 It is not an intuitive process to get this Thermometer to work correctly.It has an alarm buzzer which for me has gone off at 2:30 AM to alert me of pending frost outside.This alarm is not mentioned in the manual , and can not be turned off.Here in NY in February the temperature hovers in the range for the alarm to go off at all times . The Thermometer was placed under my pillow by the wife , who could n't stand it anymore.I have now ripped the wires for the buzzer off.The settings for the regular outside temperature alarm are defaulted to low as 50F and high 80F . These settings should be higher and lower per default .
 does not function , refusal of cutomer service to replace product . phone service non - existent - rebot online service offered no recourse . i will be contacting my attorney general in regards to their fraudulent warranty and will never purchase fromj amazon until they drop this company
 UPDATE ! THIS THING IS DRIVING ME CRAZY . IT IS CONSTANTLY SOUNDING AN ALARM AND I CA N'T SEEM TO GET IT TO STOP . I HAVE GONE THROUGH THE INSTRUCTIONS TO DEACTIVATE ... . THEN A FEW DAYS/WEEKS LATER IT JUST GOES OFF AND I CA N'T STOP IT.DON ' T BUY THIS ONE . STICK WITH LaCross.Pretty Good ... . For the price $ 10 it is absolutely worth the priceThe only con , is it seems to have a slightly shorter range for the outdoor sensor to be picked up by the main unit .
 At first I thought this was great , however , after about two weeks the outside temperature sensor just stopped working . I changed the battery and it still does n't function .
 This would be an awesome outdoor/indoor Thermometer EXCEPT for the owners manual . My unit started beeping for no reason and you ca n't shut it off , have gotten so mad with it have slung it out into the yard on two different occassions . Have emailed the company with no response . Save your money until they get whatever this problem is fixed , it will drive you nuts .
 Spent hours trying to find a way to turn off the freeze alert , plus the receiver has failed -LRB- Receiver on thermometer -RRB- , so the only thing that functions is the indoor thermometer and the clock . The instructions are impossible to follow . Do not purchase , it 's garbage .
 UPDATE
 This clock has a readable display in a nice size with the key info I want -- time , indoor and outdoor temperatures . I am disappointed in several features and wish that I had purchased a La Cross product instead . Disappointments include : Does not update time overnight even though located in a place where a previous La Crosse clock updated regularlyOutdoor temperature probe needs to be much closer to get regular signals than desirable.Has an annoying freezing temperature alert alarm that I had not figured out how to silence that does not quit after one or two tries so required getting up in the middle of the night to silence !
 Set-up of the unit was a bit troublesome for what it is , but I finally got it working . However , the external humidity never worked . The atomic clock reception is weak . It would not set in a location that my Citizen EcoDrive would . After less than 6 months , the outdoor senor has failed . I 'll be switching to another brand .
 I am on my third one of these . All three of them have died within nine months . the unit that you put outside has died on each of them . I would avoid this unit at at all cost .
 This is worthless . There is a 5 degree difference between the base and external unit when they are sitting side by side.In addition to this , the instructions are vague and incomplete .
 An overcomplicated device that could not be made to work . Also their help line went unanswered and the website was not found
 I own the RMR382 and several of the THN132N remote sensors . There have been no problems with the base unit . However , the remotes last about a year . In three years , I 've had three sensors . These sensors were not in direct sunlight , never got wet , never got excessively hot or cold . They 're just poorly made devices and Oregon Scientific wants $ 20 for each replacement . Remember the joke about the pen being free but ink refills were $ 5 each ? That appears to be what Oregon Scientific is doing . So they 've lost me as a customer . I 'm going to try another manufacturer and see if I have better luck .
 We purchased two units and both seemed to eat up a set of alkaline batteries in under 30 days . Appears the range on the remote sensor is really limited -LRB- less than 25 ' -RRB- . Annoying low/high temp alarm that is on by default with a preset low of 37degrees - that 'll get your attention in the pre-dawn hours!Suppose you get what you pay for and there 's probably a reason why they are heavily discounted .
 The unit is working , but temperature measurement is about 2 degrees higher than actual . It is not acceptable since the display is showing xx.x degrees F. I expect it should be + / - 0.1 degrees accuracy .
 I like to have indoor/outdoor thermometers and over the years have had many ; almost all from Oregon Scientific , and they all fail , sooner or later . I wo n't waste my money anymore on their products . B.C.
 Tracking data showed should have been received by 11-3-10 . Sent email quiery on 11-23-10 . No reply yet . Very unhappy . Sincerely , Patricia Bardwell
 I ordered 3 of these as gifts ... only one works only as an issue to argue about as in `` THAT CANT BE RIGHT '' The clock does work.RE
 Oregon Scientific promises to release updated software for windows 7 at the end of June . In May , the website said `` at the end of May . '' A month ago , it said `` in a few weeks . The software likely will never be released ; do n't invest in any of their products .
 This product has an alarm that goes off when temperatures reach near freezing that can not be turned off.Very annoying .
 Poor tech service -- on holdat least 45 min . Devise is impossible to disable alarm . It goes off at the most inoperate time . Would not recommend it .
 We are quite pleased with the indoor/outdoor temperature readings and clock features . We are having no success in eliminating the alarm permanently . We have tried repeatedly to make it stop , but even checking the manual has not helped .
 I owned this unit for only a few months-nothing but problems ! I would not recommend this thermometer at all ! It worked at first , but every time it reached a certain outdoor temperature , the alarm went off-at all hours of the night . You needed to reprogram the thing so the alarm would not go off-very inconvenient . Then , the sensor broke and I did not get any outdoor temperature at all . I called & e-mailed Oregon Scientific several times over the course of a month & finally got a replacement sensor , The new sensor would not &#34; communicate &#34; with my main unit & I finally gave up on this piece of junk . I bought an Accurite Digital Indoor/Outdoor Thermometer 00380 which works perfectly .
 Very annoying alarm that cant be disabled . I hope to return this product for something else . It is a constant annoyance .
 TROUBLE GETTING IT TO WORK . COMPLAINED TO CO. . ASKED FOR A REFUND . ONLY GOT AN E-MAIL SUGGESTING HOW TO FIX . IT IS WORKING ON TEMPERATURE BUT THE ATOMIC CLOCK FEATURE DOES NOT UPDATE . MUST SET IT BY HAND . AS I SAY OVERPRICED JUNK .
 i bought this item for my dad for christmas thinking it would replace the recent one we had for 3 years . it was great for the first we until an alarm started going off in the middle of the night , now we cant have it one without taking the batteries out to make the noise stop .
 This product is not giving me what I expect . Maybe is damage but I did not return it because it do n't have RETURN PAPERS . I really do n't recomend this product in my experiece with it .
 The unit functions quite well in displaying the indoor and outdoor temperatures . However , there is an audible freeze warning alarm that is very annoying . Although one can press a button to inactivate this alarm , it automatically resets in 24 hours , which reactivates the alarm . If one lives in an area where freezing temperatures are common , this annoyance will be a daily problem .
 Could not figure out how to turn off the frost alarms ... had to open it up and clip the wires to the speaker . It 's cheap , instructions suck , but it works well enough for my purposes .
 This thermometer is well built . It has a nice easy to read display . I have become very used to checking it every day to see what the temperature inside and outside when I get up to see how to dress for the day . But I have two big gripes with it . First off it is very difficult to setup . If you have to resort to using a manual to set up a clock then someone did n't think it through when designing it.But my biggest grief is the stupid ! alarm goes off when the temperature outside drops below 37F . I have tried everything in the user manual and as far as I can see there is no way to turn it off . We have been having extremely cold weather lately and about 5am the temperature outside drops below 37F and the damn alarm goes off . I am about ready to throw it away.I am addicted to having a wireless indoor/outdoor thermometer but would n't buy again from this company .
 Good quality like most Oregon Scientific products . This unit is nicely priced , although it can not display both -LRB- Atomic -RRB- time and the date simultaneously . The manual does n't mention that the Ice Alert -LRB- at 37 degrees F -RRB- makes an audible beep series . To find out how to prevent the beep , you have to see the online FAQ 's and search a very long list for the word `` Ice '' . Then you have to go outdoors and get the remote and change it from radio channel 1 to any other channel . Since when does the chip manufacturer get to decide what the device 's features are ?
 I wish I had read the comments before purchasing this product . The outdoor sensor works on a whim and never when you really need it . The alarm has a mind of its own and could drive one to drink . the indoor temp is always at least 3 degrees off . currently it is 9 degrees off . So let the buyer beware !!!
 This replaces a 6 yr old Oregon Scientific indoor/outdoor unit that died . I needed a basic temp unit to keep track of patio temp , and pond water temp . This unit does have the multiple channel capability . The indoor unit was only available in black -LRB- not what I would have chosen -RRB- and has a smaller screen than the previous version . Additionally , they added a 3rd row of numbers with the atomic clock , which reduces the size of all of the digits making it harder to read from across the room . Sometimes simple and basic is best.As a follow up on 9/14 - the outdoor unit has failed , new battery did not start temperature transmission to the base unit . Oregon Scientific new units are not worth purchasing . If I 'd kept my receipt , I 'd return it . Reduce stars to 1 .
 Got this product as a gift , so unfortuantely did not read any reviews beforehand . Unless you enjoy a constantly recurring audible alarm day and night , which you can not prevent -LRB- did not work to set to channel 2 -RRB- , this product is unusable . Two e-mail requests for help from Oregon Scientific were ignored.I can not use this product , so minimal amount of stars . Even more important I give the same one star to the manufacturer for what seems arrogant behaviour of not answering service requests and for trying to sell a product , they know is not functioning right .
 I purchased the 382A version of this product . The product has problems receiving the signal from the outside sensor and it has problems with the atomic time satellite . I 've tried placing the outside sensor in various locations and the problem seems to be distance . More than a very few feet away the sensor is useless . It can read through my exterior walls because if I place the outside sensor just on the other side of the wall where the receiver is located , the receiver can read the sensor . Move it more than 5 feet away and the signal is lost . As to the atomic satellite reception , I 've tried the clock in several locations inside my home to no avail . It can read the atomic signal , but it does n't seem to be able to discern its own location because the goofy thing always reverts to Pacific time after I 've set it manually to the Eastern time zone .
 I have had several indoor outdoor thermometers and this is n't worth your time or money . Clock never was correct no matter how many times I would set it . The outdoor temps only showed for about 2 or 3 days then quit altogether .
 The product was the perfect size and worked properly until the temperature in my area started to fall . Now , the alarm in the thermometer will not stop sounding . If you try to set the alarm , it just goes back to the original setting . and asks to be set once again . Unfortunately , a thermometer that sounds its alarm at any time it wants to is very annoying , especially at 2:00 a.m. ! Oregon Scientific RMR382-B Wireless Indoor/Outdoor Thermometer with Atomic Clock , BlackOregon Scientific RMR382-B Wireless Indoor/Outdoor Thermometer with Atomic Clock , Black
 I like the design and layout of this item , but getting it to work after installing fresh batteries is a mystery . Every time I put fresh batteries in , it just does n't seem to want to power up . If any of the LCD display activates , it 's just random segments , and they wo n't stay on . I have to fiddle with it , try different batteries , take them out , put them back in , press the reset ... nothing seems to work , until suddenly , maybe , it starts working . At this moment it is in this state , and I have no idea if , or when , it will start working again.I do not recommend buying this product .
 The 700r is not a soft pull start machine and because of this , I changed approximately 5 pulleys within a two year period.I hardly use this machine because of the hard pull.I t is very difficult to start . The carburetor requires frequent adjustment in order to gain maximum power .
 My string trimmer worked well for the first year , since then it has been a total pain in the rear . I would not recommend this model , or the Ryobi line to anyone . As someone else noted , the carburetor constantly needs attention .
 After my old gas-powered weedwhacker basically fell apart from age , I saw this model Ryobi at the local hardware store and decided to buy it , as it was rather inexpensive.It operated rather well for the first couple of months , though its exhaust was always more smoggy than I think it ought to have been . Then , one day I attempted to start the engine and it simply would not start . After making numerous attempts to start the engine over the course of many days , all of which were unsuccessful , some component broke entirely . The mechanism that attached the flywheel to the piston no longer catches like it should , and the flywheel will nearly spin freely , not moving the piston at all.The weedwhacker was only used less than a dozen times , and was only a couple of months old . Lesson learned - you get what you pay for .
 I love my Ryobi orbital sander ! But this trimmer 's engine seized up after less than a year of frequent use , and had to be gently tapped loose with a wooden dowel . -LRB- I assumed I had somehow messed up the oil mix . -RRB- After that the carburator never would throttle down to a decent level ; one day the muffler rattled off and melted the plastic engine cowl ... The Ryobi 792 was a dependable starter but ran too hot and naturally wasted gas due to the throttle problem . Your other problem will be that you ca n't get most parts for this trimmer . Check that out before you buy one . Call around , use the Net , etc. -- before you buy .
 The only reason I purchased it was the price had been marked down to $ 20 because the throttle stop screw had been broken off from the carburator body by someone else who then returned it to the store . Turns out they were factory refurbished to begin with . I was just going to take it appart and never expected it to run . Everything negative -LRB- and some positive -RRB- I 've read here is true . A Echo trimmer will run silky smooth for years and I would be severly dissapionted if I paid more than $ 20 for this Ryobi .
 it stopped working the second time I used it . a waste of money . do n't buy it .
 the trimmer works fine , but the bearings went out prematurely . replacement was not available . so all they could recomend is to buy a new trimmer head , as in the snap on accessories like the blower , hedge trimmer , cultivator . the cost cost of any of these is ridiculous . so you might as well throw it away and buy a new trimmer . such a waste , motor is fine .
 I have had this product for over six years , and while it is very powerful , the string loses itself behind the opening too often . Then it requires a wrench to loosen the knob , and a total of about 10 minutes to rethread the string and carefully return it to the cartridge . Too time-consuming .
 First set I got from Amazon 2 of the 4 lights did not work . Secondset I got from a replacement from Amazon 1 of the light did not work.Charging the set is confusing ! The last light seems not to want to chargewhen charging altogether . It requires too much time for a charge.The only reason I gave 1 star is for the Amazon 's fast and great return/refund policy .
 I bought this a year ago for use on a yard that is less than 1/3 of an acre . It worked well initially and was able to trim and blow my yard on one charge . The blower attachment is nowhere near as powerful as a Toro electric -LRB- wired -RRB- blower I also have , but it works reasonably well . It 's right next to the ground , which makes it more effective , and it ca n't be beat for convenience.This season -LRB- the trimmer 's second -RRB- , the battery is not keeping up as well . If my yard has gone more than a week and a half or so , it can not complete trimming and blowing on a single charge . This knocks the convenience factor way down . `` No problem '' you say , `` you can swap the battery '' . Yep , that 's what I thought too when I bought it . However , Amazon -LRB- or anyone else as far as I can tell -RRB- no longer carries the battery or external charger . When I bought it , they did , and for a reasonable price . I figured I would get it a couple of years later , when the battery started to wear down . No such luck though . It started wearing down after only a year and the battery is not on Amazon any more.You can call Ryobi 's parts vendor to get the battery and charger , but they are now 65 dollars . Add that into the price of this trimmer if you are planning on getting one . And buy the battery now , before the price goes up again . -- update - Received battery and wall wart , but not part for charging the battery . Add another 10 dollars to this total . Editing this review will not allow me to change the rating , but I would drop to zero or one star . I no longer recommend Ryobi products , which I have been using for many years .
 OK , I got that line while reading someone elses review . Like the others who made comment , I purchased mine at Costco and really enjoyed it for the first year . I had a large lawn -LRB- Approx 1/4 acre -RRB- and for the first year , it worked great . the second season , it would barely make it without a recharge . That is assuming I did n't go more than a week between mowing and the grass was completely dry . Last season I moved and my lawn area was not even half as before . -LRB- season 3 -RRB- I had to edge the front , put the edger back in the charger and by the end of the day , I could go back and barely get the back done before the battery would die . I have been searching for a replacement battery to no end and only the manufacture seems to have the replacement at $ 65.00 plus shipping and tax . Talk about BS ! What a shame , a simple battery replacement would make this a great product , but the insane price for a replacement makes this a poor choice with so many other options out there . In either event , I feel better now that vented .
 Battery does not charge up to full capacity after a year of use . When I first bought this item I could edge my entire front and back lawn then use the blower to clean up after mowing . Now I ca n't even complete the edge trim on the back yard before the battery runs out of power . Impossible to find replacement battery . If you 're into disposable diapers and throw away butane lighters , then you 'll love the disposable lawn trimmer , because once this dog 's battery ceases to hold a worthwhile charge it becomes an expensive door stop !
 I have experienced the battery problems too . After two seasons I ca n't even edge my small , urban front lawn -LRB- the whole property if 60 feet wide so there 's really not much edging to do -RRB- on one charge .
 What a RIP OFF ! I read about the product description and was amazed to find a STONE URN , GRANITE , which weighs 15.2 pounds . And at a great price . It is completely false statement and description . The urns are made of plastic , which bends in many places , weighs one pound , and is not granite , but barely granite looking.The seller MUST change the description , to save other customers from being lead into thinking it is a heavy weight , stone , granite urn . It should clearly mention the material is plastic , and weight is no more than a pound . If I knew that it is going to turn out a light weight plastic , I would never have thought of buying it .
 I had higher hopes for this box and took a chance and ordered it . It did arrive quickly with all parts and instructions included . It snapped together quickly and easily , but the lid is just warped enough that it does not shut on one side . Since it is made of a hard molded plastic , it seems impossible to undo this flaw . Where I was going to put it on the patio shows the flaw very clearly . Needless to say , it is now shoved off into a corner where it is not seen , and less than useful . Too much hassle to return , so I 'll live and learn on this one .
 I wanted white which was a few dollars more . Purchased , and quess what ? ` the brown was delivered , I 'll hate it forever but I did n't have enough time to return . Item is sturdy , a bit hard to assemble but seems to be a good sturdy item .
 Was a little disappointed product was n't white as it advertise on the box nor does it state that the product color may come in a different color . The storage box was taupe lightly grey color . If I knew this I would n't have ordered it . Most of it is assembled however the top part could not align to snap in easy & is still sitting with the top cover off until I can get someone to figure out how to make it snap into place or muscle it together .
 I have had these for a year and have used them to store bird seed for my feeders . The squirrels have completely ruined them both - a costly mistake for me . They have managed to chew holes in them - they are plastic and not as tough as one would have hoped . For anything else , I suppose they will be ok , but just beware if you are looking for secure storage .
 It works fine up until step 6 in the instructions , when the final thing to do is snap the lid onto the hinges . They say `` bend the left hinge tab '' to make it snap into place . No can do - I tried a number of different tools and the plastic is too rigid to bend . It would have been better to have a lift-off lid than to have a lid that requires these hinges that ca n't be fit together . I may end up sawing off the pins for the hinges to turn this into a lift off lid . Apart from that , the appearance and size are nice , and the assembly was easy until I got to the hinges .
 I left this outside for a couple of seasons . The color faded and the plastic panels warped slightly -LRB- although everything still works -RRB- . To be fair , I live in Michigan , and maybe it just was n't designed for my climate . I 'm sure it works great poolside.Heads up for the cold weather folks , though !
 I wish I would have read the other reviews . It would have saved me two trips , one to buy it and one to return it . They claim it is good for small solder joints ? It will vaporize fine copper wires . The tip stays hot longer then a few seconds and if you look at the tip wrong it breaks and a new tip costs more than a new cold heat . I have tried it several times on differnt items I really wanted it to work but it just didnt seem like it worked on anything . I returned it and purchaced a butane soldering iron for my portable needs it works great almost everywhere .
 If you have n't already , do n't buy this thing , at any price , even steeply discounted . It is in all seriousness , absolutely worthless for it 's intended purpose . For anyone without a little mad scientist in them , and does n't know this already , if you run even a very little power across a graphite pencil lead , it gets very very hot , very very fast . This is basicly the principle on which this tool operates . The point is split in two , joined by a sliver of some no conductive material . And when the two sides are shorted by touching a metalic surface , it does heat up rapidly . Unfortunetly , while in theory it sounds like it would work great , it usually succeeds only in incenerating the contact points on the soldering tip , making little sparks , and breaking away bits of the tip , usually having no usable effect whatsover on the solder . I would n't get near anything a value with this tool . All that said though , if you , like me , have already had the misfortune of purchasing this or receiving it as a gift , do n't dispair , it 's not a total loss . By simply pulling off the removable/replacable soldering tip , and throwing it away , you have a really nice , fully functional small christmas tree light bulb tester . They would n't fit the socket & contacts better if it had been made for that purpose all along . And the AA batteries provide just the right amount of power .
 Coleman has many good products , but what a shame to even sell this one.Cons : - Too hard and frustrating to use . You need the skill of a surgeon to use this . I have to change the tip position all the time just to start the heating process . - Expensive for something that will likely end up on your next garage sale - Tip is too big for soldering electronics . - Has a warning that the tip breaks easily -LRB- because it sure does breaks easily -RRB- . - Solder fails.Pros : - Cordless -LRB- But it does n't work !!! -RRB- - Built-in LED light - Nice case
 This thing is horrible and does n't work for anything . It wo n't heat up wires 1/16 diameter , and smaller wires loose thier heat before you can touch the solder to it . It wo n't even melt solder directly.The white LED light turns off once it makes a connection with your work , so do n't think it 's going to be a good working light!Waste of money
 I bought the hype on this product , after all it was a Coleman and their laterns , stoves etc. are pretty doggone good.This thing , however , has never worked as advertised , not even close . The first tip disintegrated , the second barelyworked . never soldering worth a flip . Disgusted , I put it out at a yard sale , marked at $ 1 , with no takers.Don ' t waste your money .
 I thought I 'd try this product since it seemed like a neat idea . What a mistake . For starters , the plastic latch tab on the molded plastic case broke immediately . I decided no big deal . A rubber band would do the trick there.So , I got down to soldering a 24 awg stranded wire to a small solder pad on a circuit board . Frustrating experience . The tip , even though I applied really no pressure at all , chipped and eroded away ad the little spark fired off . At this rate , you 'd go through $ 10 tips really fast . That alone did n't impress me . You have to get the tip seated against the solder point fairly precisely for the tip to begin heating . If you ca n't manage it , the tip wo n't stay heated . Once you get it heated , it barely melts solder . The tip also repels the solder , which makes wetting the connection very difficult . After about 10 minutes of trying to get this very basic connection complete , the light went out . Hm . I noticed the batteries rattled around in the case like they were lose - Not held in place within the battery compartment . Sure enough , the batteries were not being help by the battery terminals - The typical spring pressure contacts you find in most AA battery holders . I decided to open it up and see what happened . The spring terminals heated up to the point where they lost their temper and had not ability to clamp the batteries in place . I also noticed that the batteries , even after a number of minutes during dis-assembly , were really hot . I mean REALLY hot.Stay away from this one at ANY price .
 If you can manage to get the thing to melt off a piece of solder , the solder is immediately repelled , so you ca n't actually get it to melt on the wire . I broke the tip after 10 minutes of frustration .
 I think all these reviews just about covers it all , so I will save you the read . I am just so disappointed in this product that I had to make a statement . This tool without a doubt is the biggest POS that I have in my tool box . I have replaced tips , changed out batteries , but since this unit was new it has not worked efficiently for me in any sense of the word !! And I am not saying that it does n't power up , it is just worthless !! and to think someone got rich off on this product . So do n't waste your time , unless your one of those people that need to have gadgets . . RegardsPhil
 I was disappointed with the soldering tool . It did not work with a number of solders that I wanted to use .
 I bought this a few years back at a local Canadian Tire , I do n't even know where the start , this is a pretty terrible product ; a complete piece of junk.I think the major weak-point is the soldering tip on the unit . The tip is very fragile and breaks very easily , you can not press down very hard -LRB- which is sometimes required when your soldering something -RRB- , I think I ended up breaking about 2 or 3 tips in just a couple of weeks.It is a poor design , but basically the tip has these two points , and in order to solder something the solder has to make contact with the points . This makes soldering almost imposable if you are trying to solder something less than a millimetre in width.Another major problem is that the unit itself is quite bulky , which can make it quite difficult to get into tight or hard to reach areas , or where exact precision is needed . Although it uses 4 AA batteries , it goes through them really fast.I have burnt myself using this thing more times in one week , than I ever had in my entire life using traditional soldering irons . The unit gets hot really really fast , but does not cool down as fast . What ever you do , do not do like in the commercials where they solder something and touch the tip with their finger seconds after using it , seriously ... YOU WILL BURN YOUR FINDER OFF !!! Just about everything that I have soldered -LRB- or tried to solder -RRB- with this thing , almost every time I found myself repeatedly going back to my traditional soldering iron , which the infomercial calls `` old fashioned '' . I either had to basically redo what I meant to solder in the first place , or had to re-heat the solder to get the joint form right . I found that you really have very little control over how the solder joint actually forms ; which can be very crucial if you are dealing with repairing electronics.You are much better off buying a traditional soldering iron for the same price , and it will work a hundred times better . This thing does is not even come close to working as well as it does in those stupid infomercials.Anyone who gives this item a good review is probably a vendor trying to get people to buy this worthless garbage . To bad you can give a 0 star rating , so I guess 1 star will have to do .
 The problem is as another reviewer stated , if this gets wet , its done . Plus if you install this as directed you have no way of using the Weber Kettle Cover . If you want a work station I recommend the Rio Adventure Aluminum Roll-Up Table - great portable table .
 I had this attached to my Weber because I am a pretty avid griller and prefer using the charcoal whenever I am able to . The work table is n't as convenient as I hoped it would be since it is so small and not very sturdy . In fact installing the stand that the wooden board rests on makes using and moving your Weber more cumbersome and the lid does n't fit as nicely as before . I will say that the cutting board is nice , and to be able to use it inside in the kitchen and transport it to the grilling station is nice however any old cutting board would work . Do yourself a favor and get a separate side table or stand instead of wasting money on this .
 This little Weber table is a great idea , but in my opinion it should not be made out of untreated wood . I left it out one night and it rained ... the next day it dried out in the sun and warped so bad that you could not put anything on top of it . The next day it broke in two .
 This is a very nice hard wood work table . However , the way it mounts is quite unstable , it can move left or right if not careful . It also creates a less than airtight fit when the cover is placed on the grill.Overall , I would probably not recommend this product unless you do n't mind those 2 issues.Weber 1800 Kettle Work Table
 The work table is plain wood , not sealed . There is a warning on the bottom not to let it stay wet . Since a charcoal grill must be used outside , I do n't think the price justifies the limitations .
 I purchased this item this summer . Since other reviewers warned about the table falling apart and suggested sealing the wood , I coated it immediately with 3 coats of polyurathane . The table fell apart anyway . I would not waste money on this product . It is poorly designed and lacking in the quality I expected from Weber .
 i 've come to expect a level of durability from my weber , this product was more than a little disappointing . attachment to the grill is easy and it seems to be sturdy enough . however , the wood work surface , while nicely finished and fitting is not sealed for use outside . this means that you need to bring this inside and you can not leave it attached to the grill.ordinarily not a big deal , but if you happen to forget to bring the work surface inside and it happens to rain , you 're left w/a useless and broken worksurface . i would happily settle for some sort of composite work surface or a nicely sealed piece of wood as opposed to the raw wood product i received.i 'm out the cash and i 'm looking to replace the work surface with a nice piece of plywood which i seal with some sort of food-safe sealant .
 This item should be dropped from the Weber product line . It is unsealed and has many glue joints for such a small item . I sealed it with a wood sealer so that it could be wiped off with a wet cloth . After just a few months the glue joints opened up and the item became unusable .
 its made nice but the frame is kind of wobbly and its kinda in the way when takeing the lid off and on
 Do not buy this planning to leave it outside on your grill ! There were warnings with this product saying that it should n't be left outside , but I figured it could n't be that bad . A couple months later , I discovered that my cutting board -LRB- left on a covered porch through a mild California winter -RRB- had completely split into several pieces . For a $ 30 outdoor product , this is really unacceptable . A plastic or metal cutting board would have worked much better .
 I was able to plant 50 or so bulbs before the handle broke . This tool is made of thin metal and has 2 screws holding it to the metal head . The handle broke at one of those screws . My job is half done and I will need to wait another week before completing it .
 I just received this product and placed it in intended area of garden . On returning to the porch , I took a closer look at the label . I was surprised to see that multiple quality labels had been applied , three in total.I had a bad feeling about this , so I removed all three labels from the bag . Clear as day , the lowest label , that applied directly to the bag , says `` PACKED FOR 2010 '' . Obviously this product had been overlabeled twice , once to say `` PACKED FOR 2011 '' and then `` PACKED FOR 2012 '' -LRB- the topmost label -RRB- . Seriously , Amazon , if you are going to falsify the labeling , do a halfway decent job of it . This is actually insulting.Buyers , beware , it is not worth it to spend money on something packed for 2010 growing season .
 The pruner and shears are well made and the wooden handles give them an expensive appearance . Unfortunately they are poorly designed . The handles open too wide and are difficult to hold . The pruner is the worst . Would not recommend these .
 The woodstock hanging garden bells was a BIG disappointment . They look nice hanging in our Japanese Maple but they never make a sound unless you physically move them . We have had some very windy days but they remained silent ...
 I used this item per directions , and when I opened the umbrella , the whole thing immediately blew over in a light breeze . This anchor just does n't go deeply enough into the sand to support the weight of the umbrella in any sort of wind .
 I thought I ordered what was displayed on the ad 's photo - an anchor with a metal handle . I received an anchor with a plastic handle . I 've read previously that other people get the same problem.It may work OK , but I did have the same anchor last year and the plastic handle snapped off.Amazon must be more careful to sell the product that is actually shown on the photo !
 I used this anchor for less than 30 minutes before it , and my umbrella , blew into the lake and sank . One wind gust was all it took , and poof , everything was gone .
 The first day I used this anchor , my umbrella blew right into the surf.It was n't a really windy day either . I think this product would be useful in hard packed sand , but it was no match for the soft sand of the Jersey Shore . Guess that is why I did n't see it in the stores there . I did see it in South Carolina , where the beaches are hard packed and thought it would work up north . I 'll just continue to `` wiggle '' the umbrella down into the soft NJ sand and forego the anchor .
 Just returned from vacation at the Jersey shore . Used our new sand anchor for the first time and we were disappointed . We followed the directions and put the umbrella in the anchor . There was a light breeze blowing but it was nowhere near the 30 mph that the product claims it can withstand . Within an hour , the anchor began to loosen and soon after the umbrella blew off its stand . I would not recommend this product .
 the umbrella pole sits deeper in the sand than when used with the sand anchor - not worth the trouble .
 Cheap plastic quality . Do not waste your money . I wish previous reviewers would have been more honest.This thing will break in a heartbeat
 I ordered the product in question but did not receive the one in the picture . I returned the item and asked that you ship the correct item but all I got was a credit.I ordered the item in question but got the plastic version . You may ship the correct item and I will accept it.You pickers need to be more careful and if the item ordered is not instock then you need to advise to that the consumer may make a decision .
 Rio Sports Sand AnchorThis was a waste of my money . Amazon placed this item next to my umbrella purchase as a `` must have '' . I did not realize the umbrella I purchased had an auger base - it would be nice had the umbrella been advertised that way . So , I purchased the sand anchor . I am now STUCK with a sand anchor I do not need .
 The anchor is advetised and states on the package that it fits ALL umbrellas . It did n't fit mine . I tried to put the end of the umbrella pole into the anchor , and ait was too wide . Thereofe , it was useless .
 This could not sustain much of a breeze at all . We were pretty disappointed with it .
 I hate it ! It was hard to get on and now I can not get it off my umbrella . Amazon paired this product with my umbrella , so I thought I 'd buy them together , wish I never heard of this product .
 Amazon said that customers who purchased the 8 foot beach umbrella also purchased this anchor . So we bought it too . It does not work with this umbrella . The umbrella did not fit into the opening of the anchor . In addition , the umbrella was well designed and easily anchored on its own . We used the umbrella for 5 days on the beach at Herring Cove Beach in Cape Cod and did not have any problems . So do n't buy the anchor if you are purchasing the 8 foot umbrella .
 We used this one time . We did dig way down in the sand . It held for about 1.5 hours and then the umbrella was lifted out by the wind.There usually is a bit of a breeze on the beach , in Miami , so I would not recommend this product AT ALL for anyone going to the beach on a daywhere there is any amount of a decent breeze . You 're better off hammering in your umbrella pole and saving yourself the money .
 I ordered this product because we have an old one that we use each summer at the beach . It prevents the umbrella from being picked up carried and even hurting someone near bythe new one is too small and does n't work properly because of the size.I was really annoyed to think that I ordered it thinking that the product was the same and was disappointed to receive a small and ineffective one . I would advise against purchasing this product for the purpose of anchoring an umbrella in the sand.the older ones worked this one does n't
 We brought this to the beach this weekend and the handles snapped right off while screwing it into the sand !!! The metal ones are much more reliable . This is a piece of junk !
 The Umbrella Sand Anchors as advertised on Amazon are greatly overpriced.The Christmas Tree Shop Chain offers an excellent quality , all steel Sand Anchor for only $ 4.00 !! I have tow that I have been using for several years , and they are still as good as new.Why the high prices Amazon ????
 It 's a little frustrating that on mildly windy summer day in Coney Island the umbrella and the sand anchor will lift out of the sand and tumble down the beach . Perhaps it helps more then not using it ... but not much !
 The grip bars to turn anchor in the sand could be sturdier , it feels as though they may break off . But , if careful , the anchor works great once in the sand .
 Before purchasing this product I asked amazon if this would 100 % prevent backfeeding . In there responce I was told they did n't know , but if I purchased it and found it would not I could return it ... . Im sending it back as I type . This box would work without needing a whole house disconnect if the switch was a 2 pole 3 position switch , IT IS NOT . The switch only switches the black -LRB- hot -RRB- wire , all the white -LRB- common -RRB- wires are `` wire nuted '' together . I would say to check with your local code inspector before purchasing , this wont work for me but thats not to say it wont for you .
 Connected to 5000w generator after Hurricane Sandy . 15amp circuit kept popping and oil burner never fired up . I have an oil burning furnace , my electrician said the burner might have been drawing more to fire up ? ... no clue . I read reviews , had it installed and found out the hard way that it does not work .
 I 've been gardening for over 35 years and the plants in every single pot where I used this stuff , died within a couple of months . I did n't use any other soil , amendments , or plant food - just water . And BTW - I saw no benefits of the so-called `` moisture control '' . It dried out within a couple of days . The pots were located in the appropriate place -LRB- s -RRB- according to the light needs of the plants . The only logical conclusion I can arrive at is that this mix killed approximately $ 150 worth . I will not use any MiracleGro product again .
 I have the version of this soil that says it has `` Micromax '' in it . I have left the bag open for months and the stuff will not dry out . That 's not right and it makes me wonder what chemicals make it do that . I have successfully grown herbs in pots for years , but this soil causes mildew on top of the plants . I 'm going back to mixing my own potting soil . `` Soil '' that does n't ever dry out is n't real soil .
 Lots of small flies flying around the pots and when I planted lettuce and spinach I got a lot of poisonous toadstools growing in with my vegetables . Also getting surface mold in my potted plants .
 This is a total waste of money . I grew a few vegetables and flowering plants with this soil and the gnat that came with the soil destroyed everything . I lost a whole batch of plants and wasted a whole month because of this .
 I thought I was buying a high quality product because it had the `` Miracle Grow `` name on it . But what I got was a product that is 99 % peat moss with MiracleGrow nutrients added in.I have n't a clue if this stuff has the ability to grow anything .
 Beware . . Do not use this potting soil . All of my potted plants are stunted and barely thriving . The root balls do not expand into the soil . I have been gardening for over 25 years and this is my first unsuccessful year . I will never use this soil again .
 Been planting Begonias , ferns , impatiens , etc. in patio pots for 15 + years with amazing success until this year and this product . All my plants are luckluster with the fewest , puniest blooms Ive ever had . They look sickly and anemic and pathetic . Wasted over $ 120 worth of annuals with this horrible stuff . Have to rip out all my plants and start over with new plants and use the old version of regular Miracle Gro . Very angry with all the time and money wasted !!
 I bought this stuff figuring I would try it when I saw it advertised on t.v. Big mistake , I lost 90 % of my houseplants , I repotted what I had left , for some reason this stuff killed my beautiful plants that were thriving beautifully . The ole saying `` if it aint broke do n't fix it '' come in to play . I went back to regular Miracle Gro in the yellow bag , I have had great results with the regular one . Any moisture release formula I had left I threw out!I would n't recommend this for houseplants .
 Add me to the list of folks who lost almost all my summer annuals to this mess ! I have been planting impatiens in pots in the same spot for over 10 years and they 've always perform beautifully . We 're in the south , so we 've always watered almost everyday , especially in the heat . This year , my impatiens died after just a couple weeks in the pots ... every single one of them ! I 'm going to dig one up ... my suspicion is that the mix does n't allow the roots to expand to take in water . I 've always used Miracle Gro potting mix , but I 'll probably try another brand next time . This moisture control stuff is terrible !
 I have been gardening for about 25 yrs I have plants that i have about 15 large size pots that i plant impatients in every yr . This year i decided to give the Moisture Control Miracle Grow Potting Mix a try ... What a big mistake that was . All of my plants died or are near dead that i planted in this crap !!!! I lost so much time and money and I will never use it again . I called Their Customer Service and got a girl that sounded like she was about 18 or so asking me if I used the Garden soil instead of the potting mix and maybe thats why my plants died . How frustrating that was to explain to her not once but twice that i have been doinng this for d25 yrs and i think by now i would know what I 'm doing ! She then proceeded to tell me i could take it back to the store i bought it at if i have my receipt or the bag ... really ??? Wow i did n't know that !!!! Who keeps the bags to their potting mix ???? and no i don ; t have my receipt for them because I did n't know there would be a problem with potting soil !!!!! It 's not like i would have to try it on !!! She also said that she has never had anyone call inn about this product which I can not believe ... So if any of you want to get this product taken off the market . Pleas give MG customer servic a call and let them know of your problems with this product !!!!
 I bought about 8 to 10 bags of this potting soil last summer to use in my pots and planter . I agree with RAE . EVERYTHING I planted in it basically stopped growing or died . I even replaced some of the plants , and the same thing happened again . The only other product I used was the Miracle-Gro All Purpose Plant Food when I watered my plants . This year I am using an all-natural organic product I bought at a nursery .
 After hearing from a friend -LRB- whom is a master gardner at a garden center ... family owned -RRB- that this soil should be avoided for all of the reasons I 've read in these reviews , I can relate with personal experience . We had used several of these bags -LRB- the largest size actually -RRB- for many potted plants and had trouble keeping them alive . It was not that hot outside . I 've worked in a garden center for years and consider myself a master gardener since 1995 - I know how to keep my thumb green . That being said , some may accuse me of being an amateur for using a Miracle Gro product and still call myself a `` master '' , however , this soil was easily at my disposal since it was purchased by a family member . I did not purchase it , but it was there to use . So ... I repotted all sorts of thriving specimens and also some in the ground using this soil as only 30-50 % of the total mix on most plants -LRB- the other portion being a 50/50 mix of expanded shale and amazing , homemade compost rich of beneficial organisms -RRB- . In a few pots , we used this mix 100 % . Those died within a week . The others eventually died over the course of a month . pH was fine , moisture seemed ok , so only thing I can think of is that the ammonium phosphates or other chemicals in this mix killed the living soil . It 's basically a dead soil .
 This product must not have been tested well . After planting four enormous outdoor planters with this stuff - 4 weeks ago - I had to take every plant out , take this product out of the pots , and repot with regular potting soil with no moisture control . When I was removing this soil , I found pockets that were somehow still dust dry . My plants , most of them from 4 and 6 inch annual pots , were also bone dry , still in their perfect previous potted shape - no migration of the roots into this product whatsoever . Most of this stuff , except for the dry pockets felt `` moist '' , but it was n't sharing any moisture with the plants . Before I put plants into this soil in my planters , I flooded them and let it soak in and yet this stuff still had dry pockets . I watered these pots every day . The two planters in full sun were the worst . I do n't know if the plants will make it . Here is the biggest problem
 Gnats come with the soil . Also , sold bone dry , which is frustrating if you have a free weekend and try to plant with this mix , because if you do n't reconstitute with water first , you will never be able to soak the mix by watering afterwards .
 I have used it , heavily and often and the rabbits , squirrels and deer appear to think it is a garnish , because they still eat my vegetables
 Tried this stuff to keep squirrels from ripping apart my porch . Did n't work at all . Three repairs to wood damage and three times now they have disregarded this stuff and gnawed a hole to get into porch roof . I accidentally left the bottle out one day and they chewed a hole into the bottle to get to the stuff ! Waste of money for repelling squirrels .
 I left the concentrate over night on the porch and the raccoons tore into the bottle , chewed through it and left it empty . Pretty challenging question , do I replace it and use it if the raccoons love it ? I do n't think so . I have heard wonderful things about the product from local farmers , so , go figure .
 I used this on and around my patio according to the directions , and it had no visible impact on the bold squirrels that were frequenting my patio .
 we had 1 or 2 rats the beginning of winter now thanks to this product we have a whole family of rats ... this thing attracted the rats to my attic . . complete waste or money ... NOW IM FORCE to do the $ 2 rat traps with springs I wanted to be nice but at this point there not letting me go to sleep ... AGAIN I DONT CARE WHAT ANY OTHER REVIEW SAYS THIS CRAP DONT WORK !
 This product was the ultimate mistake because it did not keep anything away except humans because it smells so bad as far as fending off animals I do not know any thing that this may have chased away as I watched Dogs , Cats , Coons , Possum 's , and Birds approach the treated area so if you want to purchase a product to do absolutley nothing then this would be the good choice . I was forced to put at least 1 star if I could I would rate it at -5
 It is a very nice looking grill and looks great on my deck , and that is about all it is good for . I have only two requirements for a grill , it should start up and cook food . Due to a design flaw that Weber refuses to acknowledge , it 's ability to start is short lived . This is due to the burner tube which has a series of large holes that feed gas into a chamber that houses the igniter so that the grill can quickly light . The problem is that once the grill is lit , those large holes release the largest amount of gas which generates the largest flames and the most heat - right onto the igniter . Any replacement igniters do not last long . I expect much better from a grill that I spent $ 1,000 on .
 I bought this grill sight unseen and agree I should have done more research . I bought the stainless version , or at least the version advertized as stainless -LRB- S-420 -RRB- . Basically everything weber does n't show you on their web site is not stainless . . The entire frame , back of the lid , internal drop pans etc. . are all regular coated metal . I was really disapointed to see this coming from a company like weber.I do n't think I can post a picture on Amazon , but I have posted one on other reviews . Its almost funny what this grill looks like from the back.If you want an all stainless grill , you will need to look elsewhere .
 I have been a lifelong Weber fan until I bought this grill . What a piece of junk . The hot air vents are located in the front of the grill , right over all of the controls . This is a design problem in my opinion . This creates black grease across the front of the grill -LRB- so much for the pretty stainless lid -RRB- . This black grease over time is not removable . Also , the vents have the effect of channeling all the heat discharge to the area of the grill where the valves are located . In my case , one of the valve controls was completely fried . I have had this grill for about 4 years and am ready to junk it . Why Weber would vent the grill to the front is a big mystery .
 I do not know why people give this product ANY stars ... I did not want to , but Amazon website forced me to give it at least one star . Would you like to clean up a combination of grease and water overflowing from the grease pan after a rain ? No retrofit ? Weber 's only solution is that you Have to MAKE SURE you cover the grille . Well , it started to rain during our grilling ... and the grease pan overflowed and made a real MESS ! Please do your homework and review Weber online . Their customer service is not only ridiculous `` you have to make sure the cover is on '' , but also very rude and sarcastic when I sent an email . It would be a very long time before I would buy another Weber -LRB- yes , I had one for 14 years and loved it -RRB- . Their Summit Series is significantly flawed , or maybe their whole line is flawed .
 The Weber Summit line of grills have a design flaw that Weber refuses to consider an issue . Whenever it rains , water runs down the back and enters the internal drip tray , and empties into a drip pan . The pan then overflows the greasy mess onto the cabinet floor . Furthermore , the drip pan can not be easily removed without almost totally spilling the greasy mess .
 This Weber Summit grill , as well as the entire Summit line has a design flaw that Weber refuses to consider an issue . Whenever it rains , water runs down the back and enters the internal drip tray , then flows into a drip pan , which then overflows a greasy water mess onto the cabinet floor . This problem occurs with and without the Weber Premium cover in place . -LRB- The cover has a mesh on the back that lets the rain in . -RRB- I give the grill a two star rating because it does do a nice job of cooking ... once the mess is cleaned up .
 I ordered three of these sprayers and used two of them . They are difficult to use because the trigger mechanism has to little range of motion to produce a good stream . They are usable for small jobs . However , if your spraying task requires a lot of spray , your hand will do a lot of work . It 's frustrating to have a large spray bottle that will only spray a tiny amount with each trigger pull .
 I was hoping to use these to keep a variety of low cost homemade household cleaners that utilized simple fluids like vinegar and water on hand , but these spray bottles use has proved to be problematic . My main issue is that the white top handle assembly keeps popping off with light use . It seems that the slight pressure from the pump , in conjunction with shearing force of you squeezing the handle , causes the top to angle a bit and start popping off of the screw top . Not a sturdy design . I anticipate flimsy plastic will eventually wear down in such a way that the top will come off with just one squeeze.Even trying to be careful with the handle , the top assembly needs to be pushed back down and reseated.Another irk is that the bottle 's label is painted on . I was hoping it was a sticker that I could remove , so I could use my own label for easy identification , but you 're stuck with having huge Ace Hardware branding all over the bottle.Like another reviewer said
 I do n't know about any other models but this burner is at least an inch shorter than the original in my model 8000 Great Outdoors grill .
 Excellent seller !!! Item shipped and arrived quickly . Order was filled as expected ... However , the Flag/Banner was not accurately described on product page . Colors are vibrant , but the material is `` see-through '' mesh . Background shows through the material . I was expecting solid flag material to prominently display the excellent design outdoors . I will keep the flag/banner and display indoors instead .
 I purchased one of these grills.Shortly after purchase the burners fell apart / were defective and were replaced under warranty.Now , still under warranty-the burners have rotted out and the flavor bars are rotted out.A call to Weber told me because the defective burner was replaced once they will not replace them again.They would not replace the rotted out flavor bars either!The grilling surface has uneven cooking temperature resulting in burning food on LOW with only one burner turned on.I will never purchase another Weber product . Not worth the money.BUYER BEWARE OF MISLEADING WARRANTY INFORMATION.The grill was covered with a Weber grill cover when not in use .
 This is the worst investment I 've made in years . I 've had three fires in it . The inside top is peeling . The flavorizer bars rusted almost immediately . The cast iron bars are hard to clean and are rusting . I 've kept this grill clean and covered . I am so disappointed .
 I admit that there is a lot to like about the design of this grill . Based on design alone , the poor rating may not be fair . Unfortunately I am so angry at the non-existent service that they get a `` one '' rating . I 'll keep it short by STRONGLY suggesting that you find out where the warranty service will come from before you buy a Weber product . My grill had problems after only two months . The service people were over 3 hours away and had NO interest whatsoever in coming to fix my grill . Phone calls , e-mails and even snail mail to the President of Weber failed to illicit ANY reponse . I could n't be more dissapointed in Weber . I paid nearly $ 700 for this grill and ca n't get it repaired .
 This unit does not come with a quick disconnect tank connection . There is no adapter available from Weber , or so I was told my the service rep at Weber . Plan on buying a new tank if you own a tank with a bayonet type connector.M . Becker
 I had already given you a notice of this , but never got any respionse . So here is a 2nd try.The following items were missing from the package according to the packing list.Knob - 3Catch-Pan - 1Disposable Drip Pan - 211 mm -LRB- 7/16 In -RRB- Wrench - 11/2 Inch Stainless Steel Hex Bolts - 121 Inch Zinc Bolts -LRB- 1/4 x 20 x 1 In -RRB- - 41/2 Inch Black Zink Hex Bolts -LRB- 1/4 x 20 x 1/2 In -RRB- - 8Nylon Washer - 20Aluminium Washer - 6Plastic Plug - 22 1/4 Inch Bolt -LRB- 1/4 x 20 x 2 1/4 In -RRB- - 2Keps Nut - 2 # 8 - 32 Machine Screw - 4Screw - 5Clevis Pin - 2Cotter Pin - 2Bottom tray Hardware - 6It was a big disapointment for me to see all those items missing and not receiving any response from Amazon . The items have been ordered directly from Weber , but I am hoping Amazon will give me some compensation .
 Amazon neglects to explain that for the $ 75 shipping fee , Eagle will drop this 160 pound , rather expensive item on your curb and will take it no further . This is patently absurd .
 Got this grill 10 days ago based on the many positive reviews . I was going to use it today for the second time and noticed both stainless steel trays -LRB- one on each side of the dome -RRB- were already rusting extensively . I called Weber and they said they have a lot of these problems in Florid -LRB- where the grill was bought -RRB- !!! They suggested a strong stainless steel abrasive cleaner called Zud and a call back to customer service to `` make it right '' if that does n't work . Beware if you live in a humid climate -- we are not anywhere near the ocean and the stainless surfaces are rusting already !
 There 's not too much us Longhorns wo n't buy when it comes to swag , but this is smaller than expected . Even my wife , not a longhorn , was surprised at how small it is . Yes , I know there 's no false or misleading advertising as it 's duly noted that it 's about a foot . In our case , street curb to gnome is about 35ft , and frankly , you ca n't see it.The product itself is a ceramic based , and that comes into play when you 're trying to secure it from potential thieves -LRB- 12yo neighbor boy and his posse -RRB- . I tried to put a eyelet screw in the gnome 's heel which would then be tethered to a chain and stake in the ground . No luck . Gnome 's now close to heelless now , as the screw cracked it . Instead , I took the chain and encircled his ankles . Still a deterrent , but less than ideal.Otherwise , is it really burnt orange , not some orange that 's close ? Yes . Is the longhorn logo on the cap visible from more than 5-6ft away ? Barely
 I bought this for my husband and we received it on time . But when we opened it our little gnome was so so pale except for his shoes . It looked like we got a dead gnome ! He does not look like the picture I was so sad because it was a surprise for my husband . I wish I recived the one in the picture .
 I have to give this product only 2 stars because while I was happy with the Gnome itself -LRB- the smaller than expected size was actually perfect for me -RRB- , the longhorns logo on the hat was pretty badly mangled . The horns for some reason stick directly horizontal out of the head as opposed to being nicely curved . This was going to be a great gift for a friend but now I 'm reconsidering even giving it to them because the logo is almost unrecognizeable to the point of making this product look incredibly cheap and poorly manufactured . Just an unlucky recipient I suppose .
 I tried to order this item . I was sent the wrong item . I was sent the university of Tennessee instead on two attempts .
 We were so excited to find this item because I had been searching for ages to replace the one we had used for years and years manufactured under another name but the cutting blade showed signs of stress and cracking during the first day of use .
 I would love to write a legitimate review for this product and was very excited about ordering it , but $ 23 plus to ship a $ 40 item is so outrageous that I cancelled the order . I also cancelled the accompanying products -LRB- i.e. the handle sold separately -RRB- . This order was lost because I can go to Loew 's or Home Depot and get garden products without a 57 % shipping charge attached . So sorry for both of us .
 pvc is a very toxic material . Find out for yourself . Look it up and then see if you are better off with another material for your bench .
 I have seen that several responders state that the plastic gearbox housing on Agri-Fab spreaders can not be opened for maintenance . Observe closely that there are three end caps , one for each axle entering the box , that keep the housing closed . This is easily popped open by sliding off the end caps . It can be done with fingers and some force . The bad news is that there is n't anything to be done in there except grease . The housing supposedly keeps the gears in contact , but with some wear to the housing holes , axle shafts , etc. the whole thing gets loose . The gears per se show no wear . It truly is a piece of sh ?? . I would point out that John Deere spreaders come with a lifetime gear box guarantee . Yet , I just ordered another Agri-Fab .
 I am sorry to report that this product did n't work for me and has been returned to Amazon . I purchased the product to apply some Scotts Grub-ex to my lawn . I wrote Scotts and they suggested setting it at 2 1/2 and then testing by weighing out enough for 1,000 sq. feet and making adjustments . I did all that.Here 's the first problem ... the bottom of the hopper -LRB- where the stuff is carried -RRB- is flat . When the hopper gets close to being empty the flow rate is altered or stopped all together because the flat bottom keeps gravity from sending the chemicals out the hole to be spread . So my 1,000 sq. ft. test would n't work.I had also written to Agri-Fab explained what I was spreading and asked them . They said set it at 3.5 to 5 . I set it at 5 and measured 14,000 square feet -LRB- what a bag covers -RRB- and started spreading . When I was done I had over 1/2 of the bag still left in the spreader . Finally I set it on 7 1/2 and the stuff started coming out.I also noticed that the setting does n't stay set very well . At the end of each row , you are supposed to reach back and shut off the spreader with the lever ... which is too short to easily reach from the seat of my lawn tractor . I found that each time I turned it back on the setting moved a little . So testing at 6 wound up being 7 1/2 before I noticed that the thing had moved.Anyhow I was very disappointed in the spreader and I returned it . I 'm not sure if other spreaders of this type work any better but for sure I would recommend anyone considering this item to look elsewhere .
 The whole machine is well enough built except for the most important part ... the gearbox . Mine is plastic . I 'm not sure if they have changed the design at all -LRB- it looks like it might be different in the picture -RRB- , but the gearbox in the one i bought a few years ago is all plastic . It very quickly wears out if you put even 60 lbs worth of stuff in the hopper , never mind 125 lbs . Then you are left with a piece of junk that does n't work very well because the axle is no longer straight . It also is not made to be serviced at all . No screws or anything . Just throw it out and buy a new one when it stops working after a couple seasons . I 'm looking for an alternative with a properly designed gearbox .
 What could have been an excellent spreader is in fact a quirky mix of plastic , metal , and rubber . But what is n't today ? The only difference is that the plastic is used in key areas of the spreader where the metal ought to be . Take for instance the door on the bottom of the hopper - a small rectangular piece of feather-weight plastic that slides along two plastic grooves and NEVER opens properly in accordance with the manual setting . Thus be prepared to manually free the hopper door while shoving the door lever back and forth . Shoving the door lever back and forth vigorously then often precipitates binding and movement of the cheap nylon wingnut that is supposed to lock the setting in place . It fails miserably . Agri-Fab can and should have built a better , more durable product but chose , like so many other manufacturer 's to skimp on the most important and surprisingly least expensive parts.Expect to babysit this pig 'n a poke frequently and also to dismount your garden tractor often as well to reach the door lever and readjust the nylon wingnut . You 'll discover that after you 've spread an entire 50lb bag of fertilizer over just a few hundred square feet that it 's time to replace the nylon wingnut with a metal one - that 's after of course you 've vacuumed up the excess fertilizer with your bagger mower!Finally , when Agri-Fab decides to re-engineer this mess , and provide a spreading chart consistent with industry standards , I might take another peek at the rest of their products !
 I have purchased four Agri-Fab units over seven years and have had to repair or replace the gearboxes on every one.I keep buying them because they 're cheaper than comps in their class.But I 've had enough . -LSB- Have you ever experienced the frustration and anger of the freakin ' thing ` seizing ' during your `` Weed 'n Feed '' run ? It sucks , believe me . -RSB- Spend $ 100 more and save your heart and your lawn.I have written Agri-Fab extensively over the past five years asking them to fire the engineers responsible for designing this POS . -LSB- What good is them sending you replacement parts if they fail identically in short order ? -RSB- I write this review only because they continue to put a cheap plastic gearbox ... costing maybe $ 1 ... on their $ 100 and $ 200 units .
 this spreader has all plastic gears . this is good for not corroding but the gears are easily stripped if a clump of fertilizer gets to the mixer pin . mine is less than 6 months old and is now usless . the flow rate lever is also very `` iffy '' at best not very accurate due to the fact it has a tendency to move when in use . and where did they get the 125 lb . rating from . most fertilizer comes in 50 lb . bags . my advice ... pay the extra and get a professional model . this one looks cool but just cant handle the work load.one year later : i have now replaced the transmission on this thing twice , also had to replace the wheels due to the CHEAP bearings they used . i put no-flat tires on it which are now worth more that the unit itself . this thing just can not take the kind of work it is perported to do ! AVOID at all cost ! mine now has less than 25 hours on it and the gears are strippe out again . i parked it and bought another brand .
 The tow behind broadcast spreader has been used for only a couple of seasons to spread nitrogen sulfate fertilizer twice a year on four acres and otherwise stored indoors . In this short time it is already completely worn out . The zinc plated hardware and drive shaft are corroded . The broadcaster split in half . The plastic broadcaster bearing seized and spins in the plastic holder . The plastic door binds and does n't shut off the flow entirely . Worst of all the soft aluminum sprocket on the axle that drives the broadcaster is so worn out that it no longer meshes with the drive gear and just seizes . On top of that it is difficult to operate . Do n't waste your time and money on this poor quality spreader .
 When it works , it works great . But the gears that turn the broadcaster jam easily . At least the thin tires that go flat when you roll over briars can be fixed ; the poorly engineered gears ca n't . Do n't expect more than a few hours of use from this spreader .
 This product is constantly breaking down . I called Agri-Fab to see if there was a service center in my area and they said they do n't offer dealer repair service , but I could take it anywhere I wanted to have it serviced . Piece of junk ! I 'll take it back to Home Depot and try to get my money back , even though it is past the 90 day return policy .
 This box is too small for 6 awg wire , which is needed for a 50 amp load . Working in this box is very uncomfortable and it took a lot of effort to close the lid -LRB- the box is closed by the metal is somewhat bent -RRB- . Not worth the money .
 Very disappointed in the brightness of these lights . Next to useless . I would n't waste my time or money on any more .
 There is such little light given off from these ... I actually tripped on one . I placed several along the walkway leading to my front door . Only about half of them work at all anymore . The rest provide very dim lighting and only for a short period of time . I live in Phoenix and we get A LOT of sun light . So , I think the solar panels are just not quite what they should be .
 Not pressurized so did not work very well -- not as advertised . Would suggest pressurized product to better preserve your power washer .
 This thing attracts so many Japanese beetles its crazy ! Yea , it kills some but you will have 10 times as many in your garden than you had before !!!
 It 's my own fault for not reading the product description closer ! This is a box of 6 replacement bags for the trap that you have to buy ! On my property the bag fills up in less than a day . That 's why I do n't use the bags at all . I just hang the trap over a five-gallon bucket with a little water and a drop of dish detergent in it . In a few days time you 'll have a half bucket of dead , stinking , rotting beetles that you 'll have to dispose of ! Good luck with that , unless you live out in the country !
 Do n't bother with this item . Whoever gave it the `` rave '' reviews must be on the payroll because this item did not work at all !!!
 Did n't like this at all . All the rails were split , so there was no need in ever worrying about what it looked like assembled . i did n't measure , but it seemed short for what says 5 foot long .
 Much better versions out there , and it is always better to pay a little more and get the good one , then conserve , for a disposable model
 I have chinch bugs eating my St Augustine floratam grass -LRB- Ft Myers , Fl -RRB- . I used that product to prevent them , and treat them with no success at all . I used a professional grade spreader to distribute the product evenly on my yard -LRB- 2 pounds per 1000 sqf -RRB- . I still have chinch bugs . I am switching to another product such as TALSTAR.Chinch bugs are known to be very resistant to most pesticides used even DDT .
 this product was recommended to me by an associate at home depot . i used the product according to the directions and i am still overrun with chinch bugs . product claims to kill on contact . what a joke .
 I just got this product this afternoon . It was much larger and heavier than I had expected , and would not fit in the place on my porch I had planned to put it . It seems to be about six feet across and is much too tall.It is also poorly machined - some of the parts ca n't be put together all the way , and the holes that hold the upper section on are too small to fit the bolts through . Also , paint is knocked off in places , with rust showing underneath .
 I ordered the Omni chair stand last spring 2005 . I paid for it with my Visa , and have yet to see the delivery .
 I am 5 ' 6 '' and this stand does not work for me . If my hammock chair was set at a height I could get into , then when I sat in it I `` bottomed out '' and hit the stand where the 3 feet connect . You must be tall to get full use/swing of this stand . ... one of 2 screw holes did not line up so I could n't get full support , and ... it was all scrapped up and after just 2 days outside -LRB- one of which rained -RRB- it was starting to rust !!! ...
 If you order it make sure you have enough space . I could n't find the size of this stand anywhere , and since it was the only hammock-chair stand for sale I gave it a try . It is so big it can not fit in my balcony ! I will have to wait till I get a garden . I also got problems for the delivery , they had me wait one entire day for nothing , hang up on me on the phone ... When I finally received the package it was in bad shape , the content was OK but very very dirty .
 I 'm tired of waiting for this item - I MAY like it , if it ever ships .
 Had a hole in the middle of one of the fingers . One glove had a half-inch hole between the finger when I took it out of the bag .
 - Connectors rusty - Did not like the way the connector clamped on the jacket of the cable . - Was hard to assemble . - Let 's hope is dos n't fall apart !
 I have been doing electrical work for the past 25 years . I promise you that this product does not work and is unsafe as well . I also do not believe that this plug has a UL listing since it can not be secured to the outer protective rubber around the size SJ cord that the plug is rated for which is a 4 conductor # 10 cord.For those of you are professionals reading this , let me explain . As we are well aware , the outer jacket of the SJ cord should be held tight by the housing of the plug itself . If not then the screws holding the individual # 10 wires which make the mechanical connection to the spades on the plug are the only connection holding the SJ cord in place . This plug has a funky wedge type connection that does not allow room for a # 10 SJ cord . Therefore the four wedges push the inner part of the plug out to far and the provided screws can not reach the outter plastic ring that is supposed to hold everything together . The only choice then is to cut the wedges off leaving no way to secure the SJ cord to the plug . This is HIGHLY unsafe as even a small amount of pressure on the cord will cause the individual wires to pull out which can cause the wires to touch and short out . -LRB- For Joe the homeowner this means a possible fire or electrocution -RRB- . VERY POOR DESIGN .
 Very inferior plug . Would not recommend this at all . Shoddy construction , not up to par with other plugs . Screws were stripped and do not line up with holes properly .
 Bought the Reliance LL550P 50 along with Reliance LL550C 50 , after 1/2 hr . of trying to getthem to connect i had to take the male -LRB- LL550P -RRB- apart and file the prongs an hour later theywent to-gether , even then it a very rough -LRB- grinding -RRB- connection .
 I purchased this product to take care of my bed bug problem and decided to give it a real test . I collected a bed bug from a bed in my house . It was the full-grown variety , not to be mistaken for any other bug . I put it in a plastic sandwich bag and sprayed the Ortho product directly on the bug and then sealed the bag shut . The bed bug was still live an kicking after three hours .
 First , the packaging . The nozzle became loose in shipping , and when I got it the cardboard box was soaked like it had been in the rain , and half the bottle was gone.As for the half that was left , I might as well have been squirting the flies with a water hose . This is a complete and total waste of money .
 YOU KWOW I HAVE A SERIOUS PROBLEM ... WITH NATS ... IN MY NYC CITY COOP ... AND I REALLY NEED THIS PRODUCT ... THEY SENT ME THE WRONG ORTHO ... I ORDERED ORTHO PRODUCT NO 0195010 , , , THAT KILLS NAT AND FLYING INSECT ... I CALLED THEM AND THEY TOLD ME TO SEND THE TWO BOTTLES BACK -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- AT MY EXPENSE -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- HECK NO ... AFTER A COUPLE EMAILS I CALLED THEM AND THEY TOLD ME THAT THEY WOULD REFUND MY MONEY BACK TO MY ACCOUNT ... WHICH THEY DID ... AND TOLD ME TO JUST THROW OUT THE ONES THEY SENT ... AND THE PRODUCT I ORDERED WAS DISCONTIUED ... WHAT THE HELL ... THIS PRODUCT ORTHO DEF MAX # 0195010 IS STILL ON LINE HEREALL I CAN SAY IS WHEN DEALING THROUGH AMAZON WATCH OUT WHERE YOUR PRODUCT IS BEING SENT FROM STICK WITH AMAZON ... NOW I NEED A SPRAY THAT WILL GET RID OF THESE TINY NATS AND THE MAMA ... PLEASE HELP SPRAY NOT A MIXTURE . .
 I bought a bottle two months ago to stop cockroaches that I occasionally saw in my apartment . I sprayed it around doorways , on baseboards , and around all piping . Roaches still appeared . I saw one or two a week.A few weeks later I bought some liquid roach bait -LRB- from another company -RRB- , and the roaches have all but disappeared.To prove how worthless this junk is , I found a big 2-inch long roach on my kitchen counter a few minutes ago . It 's the first one I 've seen of any size for about 2 weeks . I guess he slipped in while I had the windows open for a bit . I had about a quarter bottle of Home Defense left , so I sprayed it . It just ran laps up and down my counter.I sprayed that roach a dozen times dead on with Home Defense . All that did was wet the thing down so it could n't fly -LRB- it lifted its wings but did n't flap them -RRB- . After a good minute of spraying , I went to the other room to find something to smash the roach . When I came back it was gone.This product is completely absolutely worthless . I 'm off to the store to find something more powerful .
 I am sure this product works very well , but after reading the MSDS -LSB- ... -RSB- with all of the warnings for poison control etc I do not feel comfortable using this product anywhere around my house . It may be `` safe '' for the environment , but I and my family and animals live in that environment and this product makes our plants unsafe for us . It may be all natural and approved for organic gardening but if I have to rinse my hand for 15-20 minutes under running water if I get a drop of it on my skin , that is not a good sign . If I could return it , I would . I think the seller of the product should provide some of this MSDS info on the web page to help provide a more informed decision , if I was at the store buying it I would have read the label and not purchased it . I learned my lesson to never purchase an unfamiliar chemical product online when I am not able to read the label .
 believe it or not , this thing produced MORE fungus in the soil . A couple days after using it , my plants were covered up with fungus !
 this product did not work at all on white powder fungus like it claims and it didnt work on fungus gnats -LRB- fruit flies -RRB- either . they just frolicked and played in it like it was water . however it did hurt my plants . it burned the leaves of the ferns roses and Gerber daisies . i do n't recommend it at all . still searching for a fungicide that actually works .
 got the fungicide 3 to take care of a gnat problem . After two weeks , they are still here , and they seem to not mind the spray at all . So if you have problems with fungal gnat ... do not bother .
 Went through an entire bottle of this and it did n't do a thing for my gnat problem . My plants are still alive , but barely . Used on 3 different houseplants .
 Thought this may kill the powdery midlew on a jade plant I had , did not work . The entire plant was destroyed . If you have a plant that ca n't live through a nuclear explosion you may want to consider another product .
 I was told by a large retailer that Neem oil was as safe as chrysathemum oil on fruits and vegetables -LRB- organic -RRB- . Well , I did not wash my peach 20 times but did come down with diarrhea . Can not always blame it on the peaches . Try it and let me know please . Peaches are now ripe Concerned about putting a note in each bag with peaches for neighbors .
 This watering can leaked on either side of the spout and below the spout stem near the bottom . It also rusted after 1 use .
 It 's a very pretty watering can BUT it started rusting as soon as water hit it.It also leaks in several places .
 This product has tremendous potential , but in snowfall that is only ~ 1-2 inches deep it simply pushes the snow off to the sides more than it collects the snow up onto the Snowscoop.The front edge of the Scowscoop is thick and blunt , rather than a thinner blade like a normal snow shovel . This means the snow has to rise above a 1/2 to 3/4 inch surface in order to get up onto the Snowscoop . Unfortunately this causes any snow less than an inch deep to simply be pushed forward -LRB- rather than coming up onto the Snowscoop -RRB- and it eventually just gets pushed off to the sides of the Snowscoop.I love the very sturdy wheel , and I like the ability to replace the metal protector edge . I think a differently designed protector blade could improve on the design even more , providing a gradual ramp up onto the Snowscoop , and perhaps even adding side walls that force more snow onto the Snowscoop rather than escaping off to the side .
 Its great on flat surfaces , so order wisely . If you have an older driveway or uneven sidewalks , i would think differently . But ... it has been somewhat helpful , i think it also needs more than one wheel . And a blade that is more heavy duty .
 One of these was given to me by a friend and I tried it twice . It worked OK in light snow but in anything over a few inches -LRB- or heavy snow -RRB- just was very difficult - it cant pick up the snow and I dont have enough horsepower to compress the piles to make room for the snow . a bit of a disappointment but it was free to me .
 Tried my new scoop out two days ago in 3-4 '' of wet , lake effect in Northern Michigan . This was exactly what I bought this item for . I have a push scoop on two wheels but it is too shallow and leaves a line of snow on either edge . I thought this scoop would allow the snow upwards on the scoop itself and eliminate this problem . This did not happen . The snow went up about a foot and then built up on the driveway in front of same . This made it difficult to push and hard on my back . The website says it works well in just this situation , wet and deep . No way!Granted the snow was wet and so was also sticking to my snow shovels . The advertising on the website is extremely misleading however . I also told the guy in Texas -LRB- official website -RRB- that I wanted it for 3-4 inches of wet snow . He said no problem -LRB- in so many words -RRB- . I have written an email to the website and have had no response.I put some silicone spray on last night and will see if this helps . Oh , it also needs two wheels .
 I was pretty excited to order the `` Bravo Marketplace 10 x 10 Quik Shade Instant Canopy '' . It looked big , had a nice color , and the reviews implied it was sturdy.It is NOT sturdy . There are two problems that I can see :1 . The metal bars are very weak .2 . They are held together by bolts , but the bolts are held together by plastic pieces.The very first time we put it up , the bolts slipped through their plastic pieces , which made the metal polls bend awkwardly , and one of them snapped . I 'm sure others would snap also , except now the canopy is useless.Luckily , Amazon has wonderful service . Even though it was past the 30 days , they were kind enough to accept a full refund and pay for the shipping back.On the plus side , the canopy is very big and has little wheels on the bottom when packed up . If you buy one and it does n't fall apart , then it would probably be very nice to have . It 's a shame that Bravo chose to use cheap plastic parts to hold the joints together . The canopy would be much more sturdy if those parts were all metal.In comparison , I 've previously borrowed both EZ-UP and cheap knock offs from family and friends . They have all performed better than this product , even the cheap ones . I do n't remember anything nearly this flimsy .
 The canopy arrived with broken plastic parts and is unusable . I have been calling `` customer service '' for 4 weeks and have been unable to get through or even leave a message . I have sent 2 e-mails to the company and have received no response after one week . I thought this canopy was a good deal but so far it is an unusable assemblage of broken parts . I will never buy another product made by Bravo Sports or Variflex again . Be forewarned .
 My canopy broke on the side bars like in the pictures from other owners . When I called Bravo -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- they make you jump through hoops to even have a chance for a replacement part . The parts are very poor quality . My farmers market friend spent $ 60 at a discount store and hers has held up way better than this one.But the wost part is the VERY bad customer service when you try to get help !! Still waiting for that replacement part while I use a piece of wood bungee corded to the side to hold it up . Not so `` instant '' anymore .
 by the condition this pakaged arrived in , it could have been smuggled across the `` Rio Grande '' on the backs of illegals , and arrived in better shape
 These expensive bird feeders fell apart in a few short months . The plastic at the bottom cracked , and the metal cage had nothing on which to grasp . JUNK !
 The squirrels in my neighborhood love this feeder . They hang onto the wire , upside down , and eat their little hearts out ... and empty my feeder in about three days.I got ta figure a better way to make sure that the birds can eat , but not the squirrels .
 It is not easy to fill . The plastic that holds the feed is upside down and as you fill the seed falls out . Terrible design . Sorry I purchased itWish I could return it .
 Unfortunately , when I received this feeder , one of the pegs at the base was broken . I returned it not only because of this broken peg , but because it is very , very large and the plastic piece in the middle was scratched up terribly .
 We already have the Endless Adventure Easy Store Table and love it ! This table , however , is a giant pain . Putting it together is a hassle and who is going to want to take out the bolts every time they want to fold up the table ?! We also had to drill out two of the holes during assembly . Would love to return it but my daughter threw out the box . You also need to be careful to distribute the children 's weight evenly so it does n't raise up on one side .
 This is not worth the price you pay for it . The seats are made of very thin plastic and bow when my 33 lb . 2 year old is on them . They claim it 's for up to 8 kids at once . HA ! If even 4 kids sat on this at once , there 's a good chance it might just collapse ! Very poor quality . Disappointed with Little Tikes .
 I never write a product review , but this product is so frustrating to assemble ! I have started this project many times because it is just such a pain - and I hate leaving unfinished work . As far as the fold and store feature ... that is only after removing peices and reassembling ... what mother has time for that !? It does n't fit 2 children to a seat unless that are that small and best friends . For this price and the reputation of the Little Tykes , it should be pulled off the market and redesigned . Do n't waste your time with this !
 I was disappointed to find out how flimsy this picnic table bench seats are . We set it up in our basement for my son 's birthday party . When there was two kids sitting on one side , you could see the bench seat bow . At the seams on the corner of the bench you could visibly see them wonting to pull apart from the bowing in the bench . These kids are only 2 to 4 that were on it . Definitely within the recommend weight & age limit !!!! Would not recommend ! We believe it is unsafe & we are taking it back to the store !
 This table did NOT meet any of my expectations from the product description or from a loyal Little Tikes consumer . Not only was it extremely difficult and timely to assemble , it is NOT convenient to fold this table up as you need tools to actually do that , and tools to re-set it up . The seats are VERY soft and bow even with a 30lb child sitting on it . This is NOT nearly the quality I expect from the brand and fails miserably in comparison to much older tables I still own from Little Tikes . I would n't recommend this table to anyone . In fact I feel it still needs production work to make this a saleable product . The seats alone should require this table to be pulled off the market .
 RECIEVED THE PRODUCT FAULTY FROM THE FACTORY - THE HOLES THAT YOU WOULD PUT THE BOLTS IN WERE DISTORTED OUT OF SHAPE SO YOU COULDNT ALIEN A SCREW OR BOLT IN IT . SHOULD HAVE KNOWN SINCE THE BOX LOOKED ABOUT 10 YRS OLD AND LIKE IT HAD BEEN IN A FLOOD , I BELIEVE SOMEONE LES HAD IT , FOUND THE UNFIXABLE PROBLEM & RETURNED IT -- SO THEN I GOT IT . AND THE WORST PART WAS THAT BAZINGAROO THAT SENT IT FROM AMAZON SAID &#34; I &#34; HAD TO RETURN IT -LRB- THEY SENT ME A DEFECTIVE PRODUCT AND WONT COME PICK IT BACK UP -RRB- AND ALSO THEY DONT HAVE ANYMORE TO REPLACE IT , SO I AM STILL WAITING AFTER 2 WKS TO GET MY REFUND SO THAT I CAN GO FIND ANOTHER ONE FOR MY PRESCHOOL BUSINESS . BAD COMPANY TO DO BUSINESS WITH AND I WILL SPREAD THE WORD .
 This table is very hard to put together and not worth it in the end . The benches are super weak and bow when my 34 pound -LRB- 3 year old -RRB- child sits in the middle . She does n't like to sit on it because she feels like its going to break . I do n't blame her . I bought this because it looks like -LRB- and states in description -RRB- that it seats more children than the 2 sided bench seats . I thought that it would be great for her party . However , 2 kids can sit on each bench only of they are very small . My mother in law has the naturally palyful one that I wish I 'd have bought .
 I purchased this for a family member and returned it when I opened the box . The picture looks much better than the actual item . The eyes are glow in the dark -LRB- not listed in description -RRB- and makes this item look eerie .
 This product is highly toxic - containing 90 % sulfur . There are zero warnings on the label - BUYER BEWAREBought in good faith based of the product description and customer reviews.Then , immediately upon applications , I experienced massive headaches , had to put on a high-end breathing mask , carefully remove sulfur , and call poison control for advice.Sulfur is a highly volatile compound - and this product is extremely dangerous - unless used by a chemist or gardening expert.When calling the Bonide technical support -LRB- after calling poison control -RRB- , I was referred to a safety page - by a person with an attitude of indifference to my existing health condition of headaches -RRB- . Still want to buy ? - Good luck and best of health !
 Product was not packed very well , box had come apart in shipping , no padding inside . Screw knobs to attach BBQ to pedestal base unable to be fully tightened because of flange being too close to holes . I had to bend the flange out flat with vice grips . The threading on the screw knobs is out of whack , can not tighten them by hand . Looks good , great idea for attaching to swim platform , just poor quality control . Would not recommend this product .
 I have this and while it works good its dangerous for pets and kids . Not saying its a bad product just warning everyone . We were having a BBQ and i used the hanger on the tool and hung it on my grill . My 100 # dog ran by and it caught his side and ripped his skin down to his ribs 6 inches long and pulled the hot coals on top of him . He tried to run from the coals while the hook just dug deeper into his side . Lots of stitches and burns . This could have easily been a small child that this could have happened too .
 We purchased Model MM-1 last summer -LRB- 07 -RRB- . Loved it until it broke this spring -LRB- 08 -RRB- under normal use . It came with a two year warranty . We contacted the company through phone -LRB- full mailbox -RRB- and email . Received an automated email response a month ago that `` issue will be resolved '' . Have heard nothing since . Voicemail is still full and email contact no longer working ... absolutely no satisfaction and no way to get in touch ! I would stay away from this company even though I love their `` green '' aspect .
 This lawnmower is meant for pristine lawns only . If you have any acorns , small sticks or other non-grass items , the self-adjusting feature will slide on its own and you will be cutting grass very short all of a sudden . It adjusts from a cut height of 1/2 '' to 2 '' . Start with 2 '' and see what happens . As soon as you hit any small item , the mower will change to a lesser cut height . You can tighten the handles all you want but you wo n't be able to stop it.This is a simple , easy-to-push mower . I wanted to like it . But be prepared to get down on your hands and knees and pick up every little object in your entire lawn or expect frustration .
 As others have noted , this is just a CH panel with the bridge between breakers on the cover cut out -LRB- not cleanly either -RRB- and an interlock added . I would love to see just the interlock made available so you could use it on an existing CH panel . It is the most affordable option I saw given the requirement of a stand alone transfer switch though I 'm sure there are cheaper / better options out there if you look .
 Very cheap for price ! Photo on styrofoam and will possibly blow into next county with first good wind . Did not like !
 it looks good on the site but it is actually lousyits a cardboard cut - out flew away with a strong wind the next day .
 Do n't waste your money on these shutters . If you want , go to Home Depot and by the same thing for 1/3 of the price . The item is misleading , it is not a good quality . One of ours came split and cracked on the side . They are flimsey and fake looking.We did return ours and got a refund right away . The customer service was excellent .
 The cover was gray . It has holes in the top to let water in which is dumb . it was a cheap plastic-y material and blew off with the wind . Its fine for 15 bucks but not the greatest cover . i also paid for 2 days shipping and didnt get it for 3 days . so waste of money on the speedy shipping .
 I had ordered a intex 10 '' foot pool cover and I recieved a bestway pool cover that is not what was shown as the shipping item . This pool coer barely fits to the edge of the pool to tie it . The bestway pool cover is made of cheap quality material and has already tore in half , and tore on 3 or 4 of the eyelets to tie to the pool . Overall I am not happy with the purchase .
 I purchased this product and the first thing that I notice when I took it out of the box is where a tear in the cover had been poorly repaired by the manufacturer . The first time I put it on the pool , the eyelets started coming out of the cover and then the cover tore while stretching it to fit the pool . I contacted the seller about this product and they did not make any effort to replace the cover . The cover is made of very , very thin tarp material . This is the poorest quality product that I can remember purchasing . Do n't waste your money !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Seller did not send me the 10 Foot Intex Above Ground Pool Cover as advertised , they sent me a cheap cover that is of poor material and does not fit well with the 10 Foot Intex Pool . Not an Intex product . Cheap Material . Not worth the price . I hate it .
 I placed my order on May 20th and it took them until June 8th to get it in UPS ground . 19 DAYS . And even with that lag it 'll still be a few more until it reaches me . The local custom made places said they 'd have it done in 3 weeks . NO EXCUSE for this vendor to take so long with something prefab.I 'll update this review when/if I ever get the thing but for now I would not recommend buying from this seller if for no other reason than I could have gotten it by now anywhere else . They were very slow to respond to emails and their turnaround time was unacceptable .
 Why is this stuff `` junk food '' ? Not because it 's 99 % sugar - that 's what hummingbirds drink real flower nectar for . It 's because this product , like so much human junk food , is laced with unnatural , unnecessary , and potentially hazardous chemicals . The description brags that it does n't contain any artificial sweeteners -LRB- duh ! -RRB- , but if this really is the original Perky Pet formula it does contain the food coloring Red # 40 . This synthetic coal-tar dye is the single most popular food coloring in the world , but it 's actually banned in some countries over concerns about its safety . From a health standpoint it 's important to remember that a hummingbird may drink more than * three times its weight * in nectar or feeder solutions each day . Even a relatively harmless chemical can have damaging effects at such high consumption rates.Unnecessary additives such as dyes , preservatives , and flavorings are just one reason that hummingbird experts discourage the use of products such as this one . Another is cost . Even the dye-free `` instant nectars '' contain absolutely nothing to justify a price that 's 5 to 8 times higher than that of ordinary white sugar -LRB- which is actually sucrose , the natural sugar hummingbirds prefer above all others -RRB- . A simple solution of 3 to 5 parts water to 1 part white table sugar is convenient , inexpensive , and much more natural for the birds . Remember to clean the feeder and change the solution every 2 to 5 days . For even happier , healthier hummingbirds , plant hummingbird-friendly flowers such as red salvias and columbines and keep your yard pesticide free to provide the tiny insects and spiders that they need for a well-rounded diet .
 There is no reason for the manufacturer to put red food coloring into this mix . There are numerous concerns about the effect on hummingbirds . This is reason enough to not buy this product . Buy a product without the dye.Better yet , just buy sugar . Use 4 parts water and 1 part sugar . Boil the water first and then add the sugar until dissolved . You will save money and perhaps a hummingbird 's life doing this versus buying dye tainted food . Hummingbird food is only sugar with coloring.CAUTION . DO NOT use artificial sweeteners or honey , use only sugar . Honey and sugar substitutes will malnourish and quickly kill hummingbirds . Sugar Only !
 The only thing in this that should be there is sugar . The rest is stuff you should n't be adding to your feathered friends diet . This stuff is also three times the price of baker 's sugar from any old grocery store , four times the price of regular granulated sugar that takes a little longer to dissolve . This is a bad buy , bad for the birds and bad for your pocket .
 Humming birds had been feeding throughout the day at my feeders . For convenience , I bought some of this mix . The birds stopped feeding as soon as I used this product . I mixed another batch , thinking that I had made a mistake somehow . They still wo n't feed . I have gone back to making my own , much cheaper and no additives . In addition , the bags had leaked inside the package , making a mess .
 Please avoid red dye and chemicals for the sake of the hummers . Use 1 part pure cane sugar to 4 parts water . Boil and mix , cool and feed those hummers the best and most economical . The red on the feeders is all you need to attract the birds . Red dye in their food ... yuck . Poison !
 Errr ... can I say `` hmmmm '' ... hmmmmmmm ... and more hmmmm ... This stuff will do the job for the little hummingbirds , but if you are thinking as I was , `` Hey , pretty red , pretty hummingbirds , and beautiful Orioles can all continue to share same feeder ... `` NADA ! This stuff ran my Orioles off . I have no clue why , unless the red color scares the Orioles . In fact , I really hate to say this since all these `` Natural Type '' hummingbird mixtures rant and rave about the `` extra benefits '' the hummers receive from their solutions ... I mean give me the sugar mixture . You know the 3 cups water with 1 cup sugar , give or take some ... But for me ... I think I will stay away from `` red '' from now on . It really did not attract the hummers anymore than clear liquid , nor did it do a thing for all my Orioles except run them off ... But if you are looking for color ... sigh ... give it a go , but do n't be disappointed if you are an Oriole fan and off they go!Give me the suga ' !
 I got this as a gift and tried it because I did n't have to boil water and the package said the dye was safe for hummingbirds . Unfortunately the hummers did n't care for this stuff at all ! I left it out for 2 weeks and the birds disappeared ! Once I went back to making my own sugar water , the hummers were back to their daily multiple visits . Spending 5 minutes to make your own sugar water is well worth it !
 Others have written here , and experts tend to agree , that red coloring is totally unnecessary in hummingbird feeders . After using this junk without many of the delightful little critters drinking from it , I switched to one cup of sugar in 2 cups of boiling water , then letting it cool -LRB- of course -RRB- . I 'm having to refill it every day now , with such a variety arriving to sip the nectar .
 I picked up some of this mix last summer at a local agricultural center . It 's an old brand that is easy to find , and the price was right . My first outing with it last summer was a total bust . I mean I mixed the stuff , put it out in two nice clean feeders and saw nothing get attracted to it but ants and bees . If any hummingbirds did bother to stop by and sample it , they were obviously disappointed for they never came back . Personally I never eyed a single one hovering over it . At first I thought that I may have gotten started with feeding them too late . I live in New England where we only get one species of hummer that comes this far north , -LRB- the ruby throated -RRB- . It 's important to get your feeders up in early spring and then they will find it and remain loyal to you . But this spring I was johnny on the spot with the feeders and the same no show was going on . I decided to try another brand of mix after this last outing . -LRB- I know you can make it at home easier and cheaper , but just not worth the mess and trouble to me . Just my opinion , but its stands -RRB- . I decided to try the Mills Brothers nectar after reading the positive reviews for it here on Amazon . Within just a week of flushing the old feeders and putting in the Mills brand , I had two dedicated hummers dining regularly at my troth . I love it . It 's definitely a little pricier than this mix , but well worth it , trust me . I do n't really know if any other brand or home made mix would do the same trick as the Mills , but I do n't really care . I found something that 's reasonably priced , easy to use , and the hummers love it so I am sticking with it . In conclusion , I do n't bother to get involved in the debate about this Perky Pet stuff being junk food or bad for the hummers . Personally I think that a lot of folks get a little too excited and go overboard with the panic over additives and colorings etc. . My main disappointment and concern with this stuff is strictly limited to the hummers not liking it . It may have something to do with my dismal results being that I am forced to only deal with one species of hummer here , but the end result is that this Perky Pet mix has been a complete failure for me , and the Mills Brothers a hit even this early on in the season . I have left a link to the Mills brand , and my recommendation is that you skip this stuff and go for what seems to really work ... Mills Brothers Hummingbird Food 3-Ounce Packet , 3-Pack
 I used a clean feeder and followed directions . The birds stopped by and kept going . The ants sure liked it though .
 I used to get 3-4 hummingbirds a day with regular sugar water . Since I put this solution on , I got 1-2 every other day . 2 weeks later no birds .
 Bought this product at Big Box store , easy to use no boiling , can mix small amounts which eliminates having to refrigerate.However , hummers completly ignore it . They all are still goimg to the one feeder I have with the simple syrup nectar that I made .
 Are you kidding me ? $ 10 for sugar water ! 1 part sugar + 5 parts filtered water - shake in a jar and fill your feeder . Ten bucks will last your lifetime and leave you enough to will to your kids .
 Red food coloring is bad for hummingbirds . I just use 1/4 cup of sugar with one cup of water . Hummingbirds like it just fine and I 'm attracting up to 8 birds at a time with my Perky Pet feeder .
 And hummers do n't like it as much as a mix of 2-3 :1 water : sugar mix . This stuff could be used as a Hummingbird Repellent .
 Not sure about this product . I 've got hummingbirds all over my neighborhood , but they do n't seem to like this stuff ... I 'm almost ready to just do some red-food-coloring and sugar water . If it works , I 'll post another review .
 Do NOT FEED Hummingbirds any mixture or concoction with RED DYE in it ! IT 'S VERY HARMFUL to them !! The same red dye -LRB- Red Dye # 40 -RRB- has been proven harmful to humans.If you feed hummingbirds , there are many simple 2-ingredient -LRB- sugar and water -RRB- `` recipes '' online . Very simple and very inexpensive !! Come on Perky Pet - you make so many good products - this PRODUCT is WAY BELOW YOUR STANDARDS . There are many safe natural red dyes - although , if the plastic feeder tube is red , who needs RED DYE at all ? The whole idea is just to attract their attention to the feeder initially . They DO NOT PREFER sugar water with red dye !!! Red Dye # 40 IS HARMFUL !!!!
 Do n't waste your money on these shutters . If you want , go to Home Depot and by the same thing for 1/3 of the price . The item is misleading , it is not a good quality . One of ours came split and cracked on the side . They are flimsey and fake looking.We did return ours and got a refund right away . The customer service was excellent .
 These do exactly what they should , so no problem there . Unfortunately , the price each is the roughly the same as a package of five or more from other vendors through Amazon .
 the book I orderd did cost over usd 40 . -- . but it has only 58 pages , incl . cover and pictures . this is far to expensif . the seller should mention howmany pages a book has.regardsw
 I ordered this great looking lemon plant for a friend of mine for her birthday at the beginning of March . It was supposed to arrive close to her birthday and has still not arrived -LRB- it is now the beginning of May -RRB- . I have contacted the company many times and they reply that the plant is on its way . I 'm very frustrated and do not recommend this company .
 I ordered a healthy Meyer Lemon Tree and received a bug eaten half-dead stem with torn and bitten leaves , along with a packet -LRB- we 're not talking 1 or 2 promo brochures here , but a stack half the size of the plant itself ! -RRB- of junk mail . I 've resuscitated the tree and it 's now beginning to perk up . But now I 'm getting spam email from the company and my mailbox has five or six postcards , brochures , catalogs , `` EXCITING NEW OFFERS '' , etc. , from this same company.Give it a rest . You knew you sent an inferior product at an inflated price , why would I buy more from you ? Think about it.Krysty Underwood
 This item is very disturbing . No information as to the size at all . If I had n't read the reviews I would not have known if I were going to get the correct blade . This came from a search for 45mm blades but obviously it is much smaller than that . I want a blade that will fit my cutter not something unknown without any description from Amazon at all . Do n't know why this is even for sale . Maybe , if you have the holder for this cutter you would recognize it but when you are searching for a specific size it is very annoying to have to search through garbage .
 This product was not what I thought I was ordering . It was such a small purchase it was n't cost effective to return it . I thought I was ordering a large blade and the one I received was about 1 '' in diameter which did not fit my cutter . The description did not mention dimensions and I was going on my search criterion .
 I always try to read the reviews before I make a purchase . In this case ... I 'm afraid to think of how bad the flea infestions were in some of these houses . Happily ... I must not have too many because I nothing on my sticky paper . I was disappointed in the `` UV '' light source because that bulb looked like it would fit an old fashion night light . I was not impressed with this product in the least bit .
 These are just three pieces of sticky paper . They charge them at more than $ 6 . That 's robbery . If I know this , I wo n't buy them . If they claim it as a pad , they should at least make it like a pad , not just sticky paper .
 We thought we caught two fleas one was an ant . And the sticky pads quickly dry out so things do not even stick anymore . also a major part of the construction s a rubber band ... are you serious?don ' t buy . put your dog/cat on advantix or something and buy a can of bug spray . its easier and does not waste electricity .
 We bought 4 of these things and I did do research but based on my experience with the product , and based on the research I ignored , THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT WORK ! Please do n't waste your money on this sticky nightlight . So sorry I chose to ignore the reviews and websites that said it did not work .
 I got the trap and refills for my daughter and hate it . If you really want one that works get the round one VICTOR I have both but I love the Victor one it really works .
 This product was shipped in a smaller box than the image shows and the flea trap pads are now bent from being folded inside a smaller box . Usually they are shipped in a flat thin box so they are flat when you pull them out . Now they are bent and do not lie flat on the surface of the trap base which is counterproductive in catching not just fleas but any other insects crawling on the floor . I feel this product was advertized falsely in the photo and better shipping should be paramount for customer satisfaction .
 Whatever person wrote up the title for this product was misinformed or was aiming to mislead people . Remuda , with the same active ingredient as Roundup , is NOT a natural or organic product.If you 're looking for an organic weed spray , try Burnout , Weed Pharm , or Nature 's Avenger . Remuda 's more of the same chemical herbicide we 've all been trying to get away from .
 Bought the Weber Q-300 for my mother-in-law 's housewarming present in July 2012 . She used the grill a couple times and last time using , I discovered the gas leaking heavily at the regulator connection to the tank . Anyone else experience this issue ?
 It is definitely good grill ! But just one thing , it is arrived damaged . Packaging is not good enough for the rude UPS guys.The package is huge and heavy , so I am not surprised that this item was broken . Did delivery service try to play soccer?I just went to the nearest hardware store and bought Q320 model , no difference except that little LED flash light was added and + $ 20 . That is my story . I would set 5 stars , but people should be aware about the described issue , so in the contrast to the other commentsI set just 1 start , to make sure people can find this info easier .
 First off there are no racks in the grill , so you have to heat up buns on the grill itself ? Then are you going to cook everything at the same temperature ? No place else to put kabobs and corn except on the grilling surface . If you are cooking a lot ofone thing it is great . Not so great if you 're cooking for a family with different needs and wants .
 I did a lot of research on looking for ways to control the algae in my koi pond . I live in CA . I came across Ecofix . Some reviews on other sites , a minimal number , claimed it killed their koi . I figured due to small number , should n't be a problem . I ca n't prove it killed my koi , but soon after using nearly the whole bottle in the duration and dosage outlined on the directions , my koi began to die . I would come outside and they were floating . Big koi and smaller koi . I also noticed while cleaning my filter , that there were small things moving around.In four years I 've had the pond , nothing like this has ever happened before . Never had koi just die and never had anything like I saw in my filter until after I used a bottle of Ecofix.I ca n't prove it was Ecofix , but I do n't believe in coincidences.Oh by the way , it did nothing in terms of reducing algae .
 These are terrible ! They are super tiny about the size of an earplug and they do n't expand ... they just get wet and crumble apart ... . they may expand up to 1x their size if at all . totally disappointed .
 I could n't believe how small these things were . Smaller than a dime about 1/2 thick . I expanded one ... as a trial . It fell apart into about 1 tablespoon of soil ! Wooo-hooo . What am I going to do with that ? DO NOT BUY ! I want my money back !!!!
 These things DO work . They were just much smaller than I expected . -LRB- about the size of a quarter -RRB- . I was going to use them to create a giveaway for a trade show so the visual was important . I 'll use them for something else though .
 It seems odd that I do not recommend this item when there are so many 5 star reviews ... on two other sites it managed to get only one for the same reason as me . . first time I sat in-a bit heavily with a puppy in my arms it cracked and broke and I tumbled to the floor . I weigh 125 and the puppy weighs 11 . Should be able to handle that and I should n't have to sit down perfectly . I 'm glad it was n't someone infirmed or elderly . Quite dangerous ! Someone caught us thank goodness or I would have hit my head . The chair is splintered . I believe this is my first one star review . I am usually quite soft-but not only is this junk-someone could get hurt . Too bad-great idea .
 I received this chair today and was surprised by the `` oversized '' seat . It is really big and hard to carry . I take the train to concerts and it would be very inconvenient to maneuver . The padded shoulder support on the strap was missing so the strap would dig into your skin after carrying this for a while . Also , the pockets were not as pictured . The picture shows 4 large pockets , but the one I got had 6 much smaller pockets and the velcro does not hold them closed because they are so small . This chair is probably ok for a big man , but I am 5 ' 1 '' and 70 years old so I am returning it . Too bad because I really like the attached table idea .
 This is a big boys chair . I 'm 6 ' , 210 lbs , and I felt like a dwarf in this chair . If you are 250 lbs plus , then this is the chair for you . The back rest should at least start in the low back , but this one starts just below the shoulders . Result is that there is no low back support . The chrome colored frame is awful . The chair looks like something that should be in a hospital . I 'm trying to return it but the return instructions to CostBuy are not easily found . I 'm waiting for a response from them . Not real happy about that . Returns directly to Amazon are easy , but not the same to CostBuy so far.On the positive side , the chair is very light , and very well built and solid . The tray and storage compartment are nice features . If it were smaller , and the frame was another color , it would be a perfect chair .
 I used this for years , and thought it was pretty good . Then I got aCDN Proaccurate Stainless Digital Thermometer , and realized how wrong I had been.Never having had an instant-read thermometer before , I thought it was normal to sit there for almost a minute waiting for the temperature to stabilize . Of course , that minute is a big deal if you 've taken your steak off the heat and then have to put it back on.Also , the tines are big , and you have to get a fair amount of them embedded into the meat to get an accurate temperature . You wind up putting big holes in the meat , which then leak a ton of juices . And for thinner steaks , it 's hard to navigate in at an angle that lets you get enough of the tines in the middle.For those reviewers who suggest it 's great to have only one utensil
 Used this unit 4 times . It now goes crazy with reading and sometimes just freezes up . You get what you pay for so I 'm not too upset.Actually , it made for a difficult moment when I was hosting and BBQing a rib roast . Because the unit malfunctioned and without any other therm . I had to guess the time . Luckily I guessed right.It 's now stored somewhere in a trash dump lol .
 Right out of the box it wo n't register any temperature . I changed the battery thinking that the one that came with it might be low , but no dice . Great idea but obviously made very poorly . When I ordered it , I did n't notice that so many people had also had bad experiences with it . Next time , I 'll pay more attention to the reviews !
 This product seemed to work well for a few uses , but now it will not turn on consistently even with new batteries . Sometimes it will work when you test it before cooking , but then it will not turn on when you actually want to check the food 's temperature . Now it 's just a fork with a blank screen and buttons that do not function .
 My wife bought me this to replce the original Thermo Fork I had for about five years that I got from Walgreens for $ 9.95 . The 1st time on the grill this thermometer went haywire and flashed several different readings . I changed the batteries thinking they were low ... same result . Sent it back thinking it was defective and was chastised by the cust service rep , inferring i was doing something wrong . I got the replacement a couple weeks later and had the same problem . Needless to say it went straight into the trash along with my money !
 at the begining i loved every thing about it , then :1 st
 The 2 `` forks '' I ordered were said to be in the same shipment box as another item . Not only were they not there , but would n't have even fit in the same box . By that time Amazon was out of the `` forks '' , but readily refunded my money .
 i received this product in the mail 5 minutes ago , opened the box and pulled it out for testing . the pos does n't work . the power wo n't come on . i replaced the battery with a new one and it still wo n't light up . I guess I got the 1 in a million that made it through quality assurance defective . great workmanship , guys .
 Only for the meticulous . I bought this as a gift . Unfortunately when it was hand washed -LRB- not dishwasher safe -RRB- the handle must have gotten wet , because it stopped working .
 We tried it many times and it never recorded the correct temperature . Cooking on a grill is best done by time and feel - experience is a better indicator than this product so says my wife .
 I wanted it for use in the kitchen - it is way too big and bulky for that purpose . I am not happy with it as it does n't fit anyplace in my kitchen or in any of my kitchen drawers unless I lay it sideways - then it takes up too much room .
 I always thought Taylor products were high quality , I replaced my NU-800 temp.fork after years of service.The taylor fork is Junk . Has trouble turning on , goes off during the worst time , and turns on in the drawerrandomly .
 VERY DISAPOINTED . I received this Taylor Digital Fork Thermometer and did not use it right away . I was cooking some ribs and decided to try out my new Digital Fork . I took and out to find the battery was dead , replaced the battery and found the only thing that worked was the blue light . Now I am stuck with a $ 20.00 item I ca n't use . Lesson learned .
 I received one of these as a gift . It worked twice then nothing . I 'm in the market for a folding probe thermometer and will not consider buying a shoddy Taylor product .
 Told numerous times it was on its way it never came and lost so many weeks of pool season I canceled order and never got to open the pool this last season recommend not using this distributer
 I did not have good results with this product . I do not recommend buying it as it falls into pieces .
 The planter received did not match the color of item that I ordered . It did not meet my expectation . I did not like the item I received .
 This product is big and sturdy . However , it did n't come with any hardware to attach it to a lawn mower . I visited the Corona website and I could order any attachment hardware from the site .
 I switched from Octenol -LRB- which worked -RRB- to Lurex about 2 months ago and have not caught a mosquito since . I swabbed the tube where the attractant goes -LRB- per tech support -RRB- , but it still does not work . I think the Mosquito Magnet is junk .
 My 1 star is actually for Amazon.com . I have no idea how this product performs . I guess that if you look at the back of the box , it has a map of the United States and the bottom half uses this product . The top half uses Octenol , a different chemicle . I wish Amazon would have told me this because now I am stuck in New York with a product that will not do me any good . Amazon wants me to pay for return shipping , and will deduct the original `` free '' shipping charges , all because of their mistake .1 star for amazon .
 the package was open/damaged a bit , not to the point of unusable . not sure if it was the shipper .
 CA N'T WE GIVE A NEGATIVE RATING ... ONE STAR IS WAY TOO HIGH A RATING.After several emails and faxes of diagrams of the house , gazebo , deck and back yard , wind direction and questions , the MM people said that by changing the attractant to the Lurex , we would see results , something that has n't happened in three years of attempts ... and , after over a monthof the new attractant , the mosquitos are still biting , the net is empty and we are several hundred dollars of misspent funds lighter.The attractant DOES NOT ATTRACT .
 I have tried to get this product and the mosquito magnet to work at my home in the Washington , DC area for two years without sucess . The Asian tiger mosquitos fly around the , but are not caught . I am very dissapointed , especially since the mosquit magnet is very expensive , and I have a lot of mosquitos in my yard . I would recommend that you do not purchase this product if you have Asian tiger mosquitos.Thank you for your time .
 This is probably a very good product in other parts of the country , but after extensive use , it does not work in South Texas .
 Mosquito Magnet Lurex3-OD-3 Biting Insect Attractant
 The unit does not have a powerful enough solar panel to run any fan powerful enough to more any more than 10 cubic feet/minute -LRB- CFM -RRB- With the average car sporting 150 CF then it would that this unit a minimum of 15 minutes to change the air in the cabin.In that 15 minutes the air that is replacing the air being moved out is already hotter than the original air than was removed 15 minutes ago.It can not work , it will not work so everyone that purchased one should complain to the AG of Washington State that Amazon is selling an item that has been proved not to work , and could not do what is being claimed and are therefore committing fraud.To keep a car cabin at ambient temperature you need to exchange the air in 30 seconds or less . Or the system needs to remove 300 CFM .
 in everywy a piece of garbage . the ONE time i dont read the reviews . its made like crap , works like crap , doenst work with tint , heck it barely works unless you aim it directly at the sun . i sintalled it on a nice sunny clear day and only when it was aimed directly at did it work ... . im returning the 2 unopened . hopefully trillium worldwides crappy non existant service will be offset by amazons good service .
 We could n't get the product to work like it was suggested . It was a pain getting it to stay in the window . Would n't recommend this product .
 Had high hopes for this ventilator , as a Florida resident , but it was a bummer from the getgo . Tried to install it in a 2004 Corolla and simply could n't get it to fit . An hour of messing around and I dumped it in the garbage . Might fit your car , but I do n't think it 's worth the effort .
 This item does not work with even light tint on the window . Must have direct sunlight or fan will not operate .
 I can not give a complete review of this product because I never received it , however I was charged for it . I tried to contact the seller with no success !
 While this thing works fine in the sunlight outside a vehicle , it totally fails to operate when applied to a vehicle window as directed . I tried it in three different vehicles with only very little window tinting . A much better design would be to have the solar panel on the outside of the glass .
 Does not work with tinted windows . The fan is sub par and does not have enough power to cool the car .
 several things wrong with this item , first the solar cell is highly directional , will only power the fan when the window angle is within 15 degrees of direct path if car is parked on flat surface and translates to about an hour 's running , unless you move the car to again align the window . I bought 3 units for three different cars , -LRB- make model and year all different -RRB- but with same results . same problem . so many design flaws I wonder about if any serious testing was done . other than the apparent . . got idea , built in the garage , tested with the light bulb , sold to people
 I purchased 2 of these and the fan , if there is one , does not work . Do n't buy this item .
 We purchased it and tried to get it to fit the window and had a hard time . It barely moves the air inside the card at full noon so its still HOT in the car . Its cheap and does not meet expictations , DONT BUY IT .
 You can read all about why these do n't work very well or you can try an alternative that does work.Purchase a decent quality solar car battery charger -LRB- Wagan makes one for about $ 30 -RRB- which you place on your dash . There is less tint in the windshield so you gain performance right there . Also , these units are more powerful and can generate power even on cloudy days.Now that you have one of these . Put it on the dash . Plug it into a 12 volt outlet , then turn on your car 's built-in ventilation system , lock the car and walk away.If your car 's fan -LRB- not AC -RRB- takes more power than this unit generates , buy another one and plug it into the other 12 volt socket . If you do n't have 2 sockets , you can get a 2 into 1 socket.You may spend a little more for this setup , but you will find it much more convenient and effective.You now have a PSEV , Partially Solar Electric Vehicle.If you want the benefit but do n't want to bother , you can always buy a 2010 Prius with the solar panels already installed .
 I had ordered this product to remove the hot air from my car and it sounded great until I got the unit . The first thing I read the directions and at the bottom it stated it may not work on some tinted windows , It did n't say that in the sales ad . Second it said to return it to the manufacture it not satisfied no cash refunds they would give you a credit to buy something else from them . One more thing they said in the directions that it needed to be facing the sun to work corectly so I guess I have to keep moving my car all day to make it work IF I had clear windows !!!!
 I live in middle east where sun is scorching more than moon always . Temperatures are roughly 120F normal for months and 150F in peak times . This product can not work if you have tinted windows -LRB- which I do have it -RRB- and you can not keep your car without tints otherwise you will burn your skin . The solar sensor needs direct sun light which means if the car is in part shade then it will not work.There is a ventilation channel or Adapter you have to install with this product it comes along with it and it creates air pockets gap between your window glass and this equipment.This air pocket or channel creates air passage which is killing if you live in desert locality , your car will be having dust inside as much as outside.Otherwise inconvenience I have felt is if you run A/C and you have this fan installed on your any windows with air passage channel strip then the A/C air will be leaking out and hot air will be coming in , you will never be able to achieve the maximum level of A/C performance with this . Solution ? install it when you park your car in scorching sun and then uninstall it everytime you want to drive away and to me this is a major inconvenience . Because when you are suited for meeting and there is a sun outside of 122F , you really just wana get in to you vehicle ready start with A/C on to maintain the temps . Instead of standing outside and fixing unfixing this fan . To me , this product might be useful for other region but not for desert or middle east atleast.Beware , Air pocket strip also creates good opportunity for thieves to unlock your doors because there is a gap of 1.5 inches created for the fan body by air strip .
 The problems of ths product are :1 -RRB- It does n't fit in my windows . I ` ved tried it in my 2 cars but still it does n't fit in it .2 -RRB- The weather strips are too short . I searched it on the internet for additional weather strips but it was not available . And for all I know is it is really not available in market/stores .3 -RRB- The solar plates must be facing directly to sunlight . There are some instances that the AutoVent is not working because of the angle of sun rays .4 -RRB- The strips are hardly to remove . If you set it up for the leftside of your car window , it should always be at the left side . if you choose to change the position to the right window , it is hard to remove the strips from the AutoVent to set it up for the right window .5 -RRB- the AutoVent is not practical if you are installing it up if you are in a hurry .
 It does not work unless you point it directly at the sun , and then not very well . This item is useless .
 did nothing for my car . i bought a sun reflector for the windshield and this lowered the temperature far more than this item . junk , just not worth the shipping and handling charge it has to be installed everytime you wish to use it . needed a cover over the outlet so that when you are driving and want to use the AC you do n't lose AC out the vent of the device .
 I gave this product one star but would have preferred the option to give it no stars . I bought the Trillium Worldwide TWI-7001 AutoVent Solar-Powered Ventilator . This produce does not give the information needed to make a decision about buying it . It is true that it is solar powered but it does n't tell you there is no storage battery and for it to work the sun must hit directly on the solar panels and that just is n't going to happen all day . I have yet to see it move . I am very dissatisfied with this product . It was a waste of money .
 I bought two of these items , one for each back window of my sedan . They made absolutely NO difference in the heat in car . The Florida panhandle was too much for them . Perhaps in Vermont or Maine they might be able to keep up . For me , though , they are a waste of my money . One star because the fans twirled under solar power . That 's all .
 The device is well built and really protects the rest of the cracked window and it does not creat any noise , and it worked perfictly for 24 hours before dying and refusing to work ,
 I thank goodness did not buy this product , but was very tempted . I want to thank all the honest people for their reviews . . It saved me money and time . Thank you
 I used it for two weeks and removed it because of air noise from the window it was installed on when I drove on the highway . I also found thatif I opened/vented the sunroof of my car the same outcome of the AutoVentwas achieved .
 save your cash , just crack two windows and it will be more effective than this . I 've tried several variations of this over the years , this one 's the same . The little axial fan can not make pressure which is needed to pull the air from the car , even then the tiny panel is inadequate too . Remember `` the mouse and the motorcycle '' with ralph the tiny mouse with the tiny car too ... . well I do n't thing this horribly designed and executed product would work on his car either.Both the mfr and distributer must know this , did they try it before they marketed it ? Maybe not . So I guess we ca n't blame them , they did not know , was n't their fault . I mean testing costs money , why waste it ? Here have all of mine , keep it , I do n't need it . Really.In the end I am giving it one star instead of the minus 100 it deserves because hey it 's cheap , like $ 15 ? That 's always a silver lining . `` Well it did n't cost much ! '' . On the day you see a product like this on the market which has real technical specs like not just the CFM rating of a cheap fan but the inches in pressure rating of a squirrel cage or cross flow blower , and the power rating in watts of the panel powering it , you will have a product that works.You 'll also probably have to chop a hole or two in the car to install it but hey ...
 The solar powerd auto vent does not move enough air to make any diferance in temperatur at all . I feel it was a total waste of time and money . It might make a cute science project in grade school but for its intended purpose it is useless .
 this is not a fan , its a plastic wheel that moves one cubic inch of air per minute . In other words it sucks ! And I do n't mean air , needless to say I 'm not happy with the product and I am returning the two that I bought .
 The idea behind this product is great , too bad it does n't work . The solar panel that powers the fan is extremely weak . It must be facing the sun directly in order for the fan to power on . I had the fan installed in my car for about 2 weeks , and not once did I see the fan going , and my car was no cooler than before I had this put in . The only time I 've actually seen the autovent work was when I took it out of the car and held the solar panel to the sun on a very bright day.This product is USELESS ! If there is one measly cloud in the sky , or your car window is not 100 % facing a very bright sun , the fan wo n't work and your car will be as hot as ever . You are better off just buying one of those metallic reflectors for the front windshield , at least you know that would work .
 The vent has been a waist . It does n't fit in my window , if I close against the vent at all , the fan will stop working all together . Just so you know ...
 This thing not only does n't work unless the solar cell is in direct sunlight ... but when it IS `` on '' it does n't move any effective amount of air at all . Total waste of money ... do n't buy it ... piece of junk !!! -LRB- I rated this item with one star only because there was n't any lower rating option . -RRB-
 I installed the device in a 1993 Buick Roadmaster and found that the fan did run in direct sunlight . It did not reduce the temperature inside the car very much if at all . The item was shipped promptly and arrived in good condition .
 This thing does not install in seconds as suggested , it comes with goofy plastic pieces that you 're supposed to put in the window with it . Who want 's to fool with that everytime ? It also says to not use with tinted windows , something that could have been mentioned here .
 This device is nothing but a high priced gimmick that looks good in advertising , but does ABSOLUTELY NOTHING IT SAYS IT DOES . The unit is hard to install , for beginners . It is too much to mess with every time you get out of your car in hot weather . If there is low sunlight , or you have the least amount of tinting on your windows , even factory shading , IT DOES NOT WORK . You must point it directly to the sun in order for it to activate the venting fan in it , and how many times is your car tipped and pointed so the unit will look directly at the sun ???
 it does not work and when it arrive i found it broken !! made from cheap materials , and i can rate it with a half star
 It does not work unless sunrays fall directly on it . I would n't suggest this product .
 This product does not cool down the car . It is too small . I would not use this on an expensive car because the weatherstrips that you need to install the product can be easily cut with a razor blade allowing for easy access to your car locks . If you buy this , PLEASE DO NOT LEAVE YOUR PETS OR KIDS IN THE CAR and think that it is safe .
 If you have tinted windows this product does not work !
 this product does work , BUT it has to face the sun , so if you put it in the window that faces east it will work in the morning , not in the afternoon , it needs to be put in a window that faces southwest to work the way they claim in the TV ad.Also they are hard to place with powered windows .
 Unforuntately , these devices do not work . The unit did nothing to reduce the temperatures in my car . There was also a TV channel that did a test of these type of units and they found similar results , that it does nothing .
 What can I say ? This thing would n't cool a gnat 's -LSB- ... -RSB- . I found no noticeable difference using this thing . The sun would sometimes tweak the plastic so the fan would stop running . If you leave it on the window while you drive , the wind spins the fan and makes a lot of noise.You 'd do better to tint your car windows .
 I bought this because I was delivering food for a living , and I had to park on the streets in the summer time . My car would get unbearably hot . So , I purchased this in desperation ; hoping it would prevent my constant dehydration.FIRST OFF , it requires you to cut this rubber stop so that it 'll fit your car window . If you do n't , according to them , then it does n't work . Which does n't make sense , because air flow is air flow.SECOND OFF , it does not run on Solar Power . It runs on photo-senors , which is different , because photo-sensors require a certain amount of light to power the circuit . And though , this is the same as Solar Power , it is not the same function as Phot-Voltaic , which is that ANY light , triggers it.THIRD OFF , it simply does n't work . I still had a tough time grabbing the steering wheel and my seat belt and the like . The only drop in temperature , occurred when the windows were rolled down ; NOT because of this product , but because there was natural air flow . And to test it , later , I put it up against focused light . The fan DOES N'T PUSH ANY AIR ! It just whirls around , making a faint noise as it laughs at you -LRB- metaphorically , of course . -RRB- Do n't buy ; I did , and now it 's at the bottom of a dump , with a TV from 1974 .
 It 's a good fan which could probably move a lot of air out of your car , but when i installed it i realized that the space it creates between the top of the window and the door frame was unacceptably large -LRB- about 1 '' on my vehicle -RRB- which means anyone can easily insert their fingers in to the space it creates . The plastic guards that are provided with the fan are meant to fill the `` gap '' , but this renders the window unusable as the guards will fall out when you open it.PS - if you have a car with `` auto close '' power windows , this device will likely not work as the window has a pressure sensor to avoid trapping fingers and is triggered by the fan when trying to close the window .
 The shipper and handling of the product was excellent , however , the product itself is not design to be effective . The solar panel should be at more of an angle to catch the sun 's rays in order to cause it to operate . If window have any tint , it will not work . The design should allow the solar panel to be attached on the roof of the car to operate effectively .
 Item did n't work well out of the box . Poorly balanced impeller and assembly . Solar cell barely had the power to turn the blade , much less suck fresh air in and spit hot air out , and I live in Sunny California . Did n't even want to bother replacing/refunding the item cause I did n't want another or waste time refunding .
 Unless solar panel technology improves greatly AND the solar panel size is increased by 10 fold , I do n't see how this fan can be effective .
 I have ceramic tint in my windows and the fan immediately spins when sunlight hits it . The problem is that the fan does n't move any air . Even when I hold it to the sunlight and place my hand over the air outlet , you ca n't feel any airflow . They use an impeller type fan , and it does n't move any air . Save your money , this thing is junk .
 Right out of the box it was a piece of garbage . The sun is n't strong enough for this thing .
 Looks good on paper , but the units really do n't work well . I purchased two , and the difference in the car 's temperature not much . The fams turn only in the brightest of light when the car is oriented 90 degrees sideways to the sun , which is not always possible . The cases flex when the window closes so the fan wo n't turn , so fooling around with them to get them just right takes time , then water can leak in if you get a thunderstorm because the fit is n't tight .
 These shears are a nice size and weight and well made BUT when my daughter , a 17 year old swimmer , was helping me clean up some brush she over did it on a dry -LRB- hard -RRB- 3/4 '' branch and snapped the pivot bolt . Guess what ? Corona does n't make replacement parts for this specially designed bolt . No other bolt will do because of the fancy engineering design so they are trash now . Do n't make the mistake of over doing them just a little or maybe even buying them in the first place !!!!!!
 The brand new generator , purchased for emergency power loss , ran for three hours then crashed . I had a shop take it apart . A bearing in the generator self destructed , with the ball bearings getting into the windings and destroying the generator . Customer service at Alton was finally reached after 20 calls over a month . Julie at Customer Service at Alton would not return calls . I finally gave up on getting help . Apparently Alton do not have parts for this China import . Customer service at Alton or any other department rarely answers their phone . I wrote Alton emails but never received a reply . My generator has to be thrown away . I will never deal with this company again .
 All the bad reviews combined is exactly what has happened with my unit . If some one gave it a good rating just give it time the same you will have the same problems as rest of us ! Never knew of a product that had no replacement parts were available and customer service so bad .
 We used this generator through two storms that knocked out power for a total of six days . It ran well . However , the generator leaks gas out of the gas fill and the fuel gauge when the unit is tilted to move it . Seals are no good . The starter rope frayed badly , and had to be replaced . Their customer service is in my opinion hard to get on the phone , unresponsive to requests , and has a uncooperative attitude . As this is an el-cheapo generator it appears that they have zero interest in being customer friendly . So , if you want an el-cheapo and are willing to take a chance on product quality and customer service , I can say that it did run through a couple of storms for us and is still functional . I would not buy from Alton again .
 Can not seem to get parts for this made in China generator.Carb has plugged up while setting dry.There are no part numbers supplied in the manualThere is no source given to obtain parts.The unit has been used very little and sat for a year after having the gas drained.When I put some gas in it , the gas just poured through the carb.Should have bought a Honda instead of buying a cheap china unit.ed .
 I bought this because after using many Coleman products over the years when camping I 've always been impressed by their brand . But this was a disappointment . It just never held a charge . I emailed Coleman and finally received an answer from them -- the day after I had packed it up and posted it for return ! -LRB- Their advice
 Update
 I needed to return this item as it did not fit the stove I purchased . Please be carefull of the sizing as it will not work with all Colman stoves
 It is not even six months old , and the plastic has ripped and needs replacing .
 If the design were not so badly flawed I would rate this a 4 or 5 star product . For its size it moves a good amount of air and provides welcome circulation . However - I definitely had the problem other reviewers mentioned - the magnet assembly on one of the two I bought had already separated when the package was opened , and it broke free on the second one on only the second use . I hope a good helping of superglue will fix the problem , otherwise there is no way to mount these and they will be all but useless . I 'll report back once I try the superglue idea.Update - superglue seems to be working just fine . Amazing that Coleman has not fixed such a simple flaw.Update 2 - after just a few uses , the fan blade keeps falling off . On the verge of demoting to 1 star . Not at all worth the price .
 This fan works but it has very weak tabs that hold the battery in and was sent to me broken . I contacted the seller but was ignored . I wouldnt buy it from anyone . The bitterness of poor quality lasts far longer than the sweetness of low price .
 I have one of these fans . It worked great until the blades broke off . I got about 4 or 5 camping trips with it . Next time I took it out of the camping chest the blades were broken . Not much good now & do n't know how to get more blades . I would suggest instead of this item to find a tent fan with a good cage around the blades to protect them . No chain is stonger than its weakest link , and these flimsy unprotected blades are its weakest link . I would think Coleman could do better than this .
 I purchased two of these fans ; one of them broke after just one use . The on/off button did n't work anymore -LRB- you do n't hear the ` click ' when you press it -RRB- and the lips that hold the battery compartment closed also broke for that same unit , which means that the back part with the magnet does n't hold on any longer . The other unit still works .
 Me and my friends bought a couple of these to try and keep our tents cool out at coachella music festival . Fans do n't blow that hard and were completely ineffective .
 I was thinking ` how bad can it be ? ' Well , it 's bad . You might as well buy those little hand held attached to a string you can put around your neck at Wal-Mart . Another reviewer suggested that it might be OK for one person . NAHH ! It 's OK for one person if you put it about 12 '' from your face . I would not buy this product if I were you .
 I might be very unlucky or these are really poorly made . I ordered two fans and both came to me with the magnet detached . The magnets were only connected to the fan with a glue of some sort and even without the D batteries they were pretty heavy .
 My family and I bought this fan before a camping trip to South Carolina in July . I was really looking forward to a cool breeze in our tent . Much to my dismay , this puny fan did not provide ANY breeze . Holding it in your hand , 6 inches away from your face , it is a mediocre personal fan . It might work for one-person tents , but for families or hot climates , this is n't worth its weight .
 This is a rather adequate small , portable fan that will put out some air circulation . It is rather lite-weight , until you put in the monster sized D cell batteries . The weight gain is considerable . The battery power does not last long either , approximately three -LRB- 3 -RRB- hours if you are lucky when using this in non-stop mode . Have to agree with one of the other reviewers that when you insert the batteries the fan does tend to bulge out and then you have to wrestle with it trying to put the cap back on . I , too , broke the tabs on mine but that was fixed with duct tape . If attaching this item to your tent ceiling using the provided magnet , it will make the ceiling sag quite a bit , especially after inserting the batteries . Recommend using this item in a tent where you have some head room and not worry about banging your head on it . The fan blade is made of plastic , so , theoretically , you should not have to worry about getting cut . Overall , an alrite item .
 Sorry , I just do n't know any other way to put it . The on/off switch did n't work , it did n't move any air , and after 20 minutes , the blade fell off and would n't stay on anymore.What a waste -- I paid $ 17.99 at Sports Chalet for it . I sincerely wish that I had n't .
 This product is small and not very powerful . I have used it numerous times and eventually went out and bought two battery operated standalone fans ... this did n't do the trick for us and did n't circulate enough air . I also really do n't like the magnet mechanism that holds this in place - especially when using with a mesh area , it really pulls and could damage your tent.I would not buy this item again . Lesson learned .
 Cool Concept but it broke the first camping trip.I sent the receipt to Coleman requesting a replacement and never heard anything back from them so I pitched it . I will think closely before purchasing a Coleman product again based on their customer satisfaction on this product .
 I BOUGHT THIS FAN TO USE AT NIGHT WHILE CAMPING . I SHOULD HAVE BOUGHT ONE OF THOSE FANS YOU BUY AT A FAIR TO USE ON YOUR FACE ... THERE IS NO DIFFERENCE IN POWER OR SIZE . BY AN O2 COOL FAN MUCH BETTER FR THE MONEY .
 I bought this fan for a week of camping in the Ozarks . I was absolutely thrilled to see the unit ran all night for the first two nights on a single battery . As a precaution I changed the battery on the third night . The unit was not working in the morning . Assuming it was a bad battery I changed it . It slowly began to run and just stopped . I was unable to get the unit to run any longer than a couple of minutes at a time , and then only by spinning the blades to get it started . I gave up after the fourth night and eight batteries later . We disassembled the unit and bypassed the switch . Still nothing . By squeezing the motor , we got it running well . Clearly the motor was n't up to the task as the brushes were most likely gone . This was unfortunate as the unit provided a decent flow of air , and was quiet enough to sleep with . However , the tiny motor is not good quality . Also , it costs just enough to be frustrating , but not enough to go through the frustration of returning .
 do n't recommend this product . it is a very low speed fan , and does n't really hang well anywhere it would work in a tent . I have a Copper Canyon 1610 -- so its a very large and durable tent .
 Used it once in a small tent , really close to my face and it helped but thats the only time it worked because it stopped working shortly after ... yes I changed the battery and it still would only turn on for a couple seconds then shut off once I layed down .
 Be warned ... The weight caused by the batteries in the base is extensive . When it worked , it was so great that my girlfriend pointed out we needed a second one . The weight of the batteries in the fan portion deformed the little plastic flanges that hold it to the backing , and two of the four broke within 48 hours . The fan will not hang now , and can only be held or set on a table edge . Poorly designed , given the weight of the fan mechanism and the batteries ...
 Boy , did we have fun with this one ! Fresh out of its package we mounted it in our tent , flipped the on switch , and `` Wheeeeeee ! '' down to the floor the blades flew ! It worked GREAT as an amusing propeller toy !! No matter how hard we jammed the blades back onto the unit , `` Vroooom !! '' off it would go , sailing around to the bottom of our tent once again ! Had to return it , needless to say ... But hey , we had some good laughs with it ! -LRB- Roasted that camping trip though ... -RRB-
 I have gone through 2 of these tent fans in the past . There a is a design flaw by Coleman which is cheap plastic . If you take the metal backing piece off of the magnet the wrong way it will crack the plastic on the battery cover . Then the cover will not say on and you are left with a fan that will not hang . Coleman should supply duct tape with this fan .
 Folks save you hard earned money for some thing else . This heater is useless unless you put your hands directly over the heater face at 3-4 '' away . Will not heat a small tent .
 this model will not start without the match . also there is no flame , so is very risky indoor specially with kids . STAY AWAY FROM THIS . you are better off with mr. heat portable heater .
 I purchased this heater for a boy scout trip in New Hampshire in late March with my son . In a small 3 man tent with the temp around 20 it was still cold . My tent has a mesh roof with the rain fly on it so i assume the heat goes right out the top . I recently purchased a fan to hang over it to see if that will help , will let you know ...
 If you think this SportCat is truly a `` flameless '' heater , then you 've been fooled , just like I was . Obviously , Coleman does not consider the firey red glow of a match to be a flame . Yes , this is a MATCH LIGHT ONLY appliance , which is not , in my opinion , `` flameless '' and consequently not safe for in your tent . Do n't wait till you open the box to discover this . If you are a Coleman faithful , then you 'd be much happier shelling out the extra dough for the `` luxury '' model that includes an ignitor . By the way , in order to warn people of this deception , Amazon.com required a valid credit card from me . So you are now guaranteed I am a verified reviewer !!
 I bought this online thinking it was a good buy , the discription said insta light and all that jazz , when i got it there was no button to light it . Four days later Bass pro had it on sale for $ 34.00 i paid $ 35 i bought it from bp and returned the other one in the box .
 The heater was broken in several places on arrival and we sent it back . Could have been broken during shipping . Could not wait for another to arrive so we went to a local store and purchased a different Coleman heater which is working very well to keep the chill down in our tent .
 My first time out , I ran this several hours overnight , and was overall quite satisfied . It took the chill off my camper , which was all I was looking for . In the morning , I turned it off for about half an hour or so , while I had my tea and puttered around . I then tried to re-light it . It 's a bit hard to tell if it 's going or not , so I kept my eye on it -- and it 's a good thing I did , because the molded plastic case that surrounds the heating element had caught on fire . By the time I figured this out , ther was nothing to do but throw it out into the rain . So buyer beware -- and do n't try to re-light it after running it for several hours , I guess is the moral of the story .
 I purchased this as a small heater to heat my VW baja bug in the mountains of colorado during the winter . It worked great at home but as soon as I needed it to work at about -5 It wouldnt light . Now it works but it takes forever to light with a lighter and puts out about 1/5 of the heat it did when it was new . Get a heater that will work when you really need it to .
 Not much heat , no indoor use . Outside barely even heats up the lower legs at all when camping . Can take a little bite out of the cold air in a tent , but causes lots of condensation .
 This little heater lit the first time both times I used it . The problem is we were under a burn ban and needed this to keep us warm . It simply does n't put out enough heat to use outdoors . You should 've seen 3 grown men all hudddled around this thing to stay warm ! This is more like a big hand warmer except we could n't feel it beyond 2 feet away and it was only 40 degrees . Coleman says you can heat your tent with this but I learned early in my camping career that you do n't light things like this in a tent .
 Was indicated that it had an ignite switch but did not have one had to manually light it . Was disappointed in product .
 Nowhere in the description does it say you must provide your own source of flame to light it . Even the manual tells you to push the ignite button . But there is none . And the model number on the heater is exactly the model number on the manual . That is critical information . When was the last time anything was made without an ignite button ? Once I realized mine does not have the button I found that Amazon sells one for three dollars more that comes with the button . Somebody please look out for us customers who are trusting you to help us make informed buying decisions . The three dollars is nothing compared to counting on a product that is sadly missing a feature that is expected these days .
 NOT HAPPY AT ALL WITH THIS HEATER , MY DEER STAND IS 4X4 FOOT AND 7 FT HIGH ON THE INSIDE , FLOOR AND ROOF IS INSULATED , AIR TIGHT , I STIIL HAD TO LEAVE MY HUNTING CLOTHES ON WHILE INSIDE STAND , TEMP OUTSIDE WAS 38 , A SMALL AREA LIKE THAT IT SHOULD HAVE KEPT ME WARM . I WOULDNT REC THIS HEATER AT ALL !!!!!
 We purchased this heater for our coleman 8 person tent on a trip that the temperature was going to drop into the middle 30 's . This heater did not work for us . We could only feel warmth when we placed our hands over the heater . A friend recommended another heater so we returned this one and will be purchasing a Mr. Buddy .
 WOULD NOT HEAT UP DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY CANT BELIVE COLEMAN WOULD PUT THEIR NAME ON THIS JUNK JUNK JUNK
 Bought this to simply heat up a 10X10 shack when we went camping . It was about 20 degrees outside , and after several hours , the warmest it got in the shack was about 30 degrees . The only heat you could feel was if you put your hand directly over it .
 This product does not provide sufficient heat to warm up a tent for four . Do n't waste your money on this product and buy a Mr. Buddy Heater . Is more expensive but will defenitely warm you up .
 We purchased the heater while camping at high altitude in a pop-top camper when the temperature started reaching near-freezing a night . It is compact , easy to light and small enough to fit into small tents and/or spaces . But it was not adequate for the space in the Coleman camper.It did take the edge off the cold , perhaps warming the interior 5 degrees or so , but never made the camper warm . We still required warm clothing and even a blanket around our knees/laps if we wanted to be able to sit up and read or talk.It would probably work better for a small tent , but it simply does not put out much heat . You can warm your hands over it , if you are careful.Next time I would purchase something with a higher BTU output .
 First time it took forever to light . Got it lit and let it burn off a can of propane . After that , tried lighting again . Took forever . Next thing I knew , the whole heater was on fire . Burnt a hole in tent floor and tarp below it and tent door from where we had to kick it out of the tent .
 I purchased a Karcher washer thinking , -LRB- if its German it has to be good -RRB- , -LRB- WRONG -RRB- . I always kept the washer in the garage , used the lubericant for the insides . Junk ! , thats all i can say . I purchased three thinking -LRB- I 'll try again since they are German made -RRB- . Please do not make the same mistake i made , buy anything else . I contacted them by phone and e-mail . Useless , no help for electric washers , and the guarantee isn `` t worth the paper its printed on .
 This machine had great reviews - but those had to be fake - it is an absolute rip-off . It is very expensive , but has shoddy constuction . It leaks from the first use , has weak pressure and my husband threw it in the trash after 3 futile attempts to use it . Our old pressure washer was 1/3rd the price and held up for 8 years of use . I would rate it zero stars if I could .
 We bought a Karcher K3 .98 electric pressure washer two years ago . It quit after 4 uses . We followed all the instructions . Karcher convinced us to use the Rapid Exchange program that would get us a rebuit washer . We used that one 3 times before it quit . Each use was for about 30 minutes . We wrote an email to Karcher -LRB- could not find any 800 number to speak with someone -RRB- , and got a reply after several days . That reply said that `` the problem is either Karcher 's , ours or bad luck '' . It continued
 As others have reported , the Karcher pressure washers are good products , I have to agree Karcher , as vendor is less than stellar . I have purchased two Karcher units within the last year . The first low end model purchased from -LSB- ... -RSB- the k3 .47 is no longer sold/supported in the US and exploded after 8 months . I lost the -LSB- ... -RSB- receipt so I could not claim warranty or replacement . So that 's my fault . So this time , I purchased from Amazon Karcher 's top line consumer model the K. 93m . The unit arrived as promised , however the output spigot was sheer off inside the case - the unit was SHIPPED broken . There was virtually no damage to the shipping container . This unit obviously packed as broken.Why did I purchase another Karcher , because I owned a number of attachments from the K3 .47 and wanted to reuse.Why did I purchase from Amazon - because Amazon customer service is FANTASTIC . With ONE email to Amazon , Amazon shipped an overnight a replacement . From DOA to replacement , mouse click to door bell was less than 16 hours . Moral of the story , great customer service can easily make up for a poor product/vendor . BTW the broken unit was shipped via FedEx - the WORKING replacement shipped via UPS . Long live Amazon customer service - just make sure you buy from Amazon and NOT Karcher .
 I had the Karcher 330 for appx 10yrs & it finally wore out . Thought I 'd get a more powerful model this time so I would n't have to stand on a ladder to clean the top level of my home . Pulled it out of the box connected everything properly , turned on the hose & water came shooting out through the motor area -LRB- which is obviously not supposed to happen -RRB- . I know how to use this since I previously stated I had another Karcher model for ten years . Apparently whoever put this together forgot a gasket or something important . I bought it more than a year ago & this is the first time it was needed , so now its not even under warranty . Of course Karcher customer service is not open on the weekend when , ahem , most people would be using their power washers . Never going to buy another Karcher product again !!! OH & P.S. AMAZON IS UNWILLING TO HELP ME IN ANY WAY , so I 'm not shopping w them anymore either .
 We bought this unit last year and have gone through two trigger guns and now have another broken one . The hose connection on the trigger gun is a terrible design and it always breaks at the connection . The unit does n't get a lot of use but it seems like another rite of spring here is to get a new trigger gun for the Karcher . The connections are also non-standard so you ca n't replace their hose and trigger gun with an after market unit . We wasted our money ! We 'll never buy another Karcher unit .
 I purchased this machine for fathers day 2008 it was just introduced by karcher . I probably used the machine 4 to 6 times for light cleaning around the house . I purchased it through Northern Tool . Upon receiving it I noticed how difficult it was to thread the hose on not much room . Now the hose will not stay on . The pressure has blown off the plastic threads . Obviously a poor design . I contacted Karcher customer service which replied that the hose would have to be replaced . At my expense . I purchased the hose replacement through pressure parts . com and was surprised that the replacement hose has all brass internal fittings not plastic and a longer handle at the hose end to ease screwing into the machine . This is my second Karcher electric washer and last one I will ever purchase . It is a poorly designed machine . I thought a huge Corporation like Karcher would stand by there product . Obviously not
 This is a total waste of money . Basically the company figured that it could save a few cents by using cheap plastic in critical connections like the spray hose to the base unit . So the connection fails after a few uses as designed . No surprise . At that point the unit is useless and you are SOL . Good luck with the warranty as described by other reviewers . If you need pressure washer rent an industrial one .
 Not going to waste a lot of my time reviewing this . This product is an example of high price and ultra-low quality -LRB- did not work . -RRB- Returned .
 DO NOT BUY ANY KARCHER UNIT !!! THESE UNITS ARE POORLY MADE AND YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO CONTACT KARCHER DIRECTLY IF YOU HAVE A PROBLEM . THE SERVICE CENTERS CAN CHARGE YOU WHAT EVER THEY WANT ... EVEN IF THE UNIT IS UNDER WARRANTY . YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED !!!!!
 I was not impressed with this power washer . The water inlet leaked profusely and there were no hangers for the hose or electrical cord.I used it once , boxed it up and sent it back .
 I bought this to do light pressure washing work around my home . It worked the first time I used it however about two months later I tried it again and it would n't work AT ALL . After putting it in storage for a while I decided to give it another try and although it did power up , it had no pressure and water poured out the bottom of the unit . Needless to say , I dumped it in the trash after only ONE successful use of the stupid thing . Do n't make the mistake I made . Avoid this brand like the plague !!
 After waiting 3-1/2 weeks I finally received my Karcher power washer . I was anxious to use the unit only to find out it was delivered with two broken parts . The shaft was broken to the on/off knob and the left side plastic housing was broken . I was extremely disappointed and returned the unit for a refund . The packaging was in good condition on the outside of the boxes . makes me wonder how the unit would hold up to normal use .
 If you 're considering a Karcher electric power washer , you should know that Karcher will not warranty their products unless they 're purchased at an `` approved outlet . '' They play this little game by talking about that requirement on their website , but fail to mention that if you buy from eBay or anyone else they consider `` not authorized , '' you get no warranty whatsoever.I 'm out $ 200 because , as one of the people they have the nerve to call a ` customer care representative ' told me , `` You should have read the warranty card that came with your product . `` When asked how a consumer could accomplish that before purchase , considering the warranty card is inside the box with the washer , she was stumped for an answer . When I asked why they do n't disclose on their website that they wo n't warranty products from unapproved retailers , more silence ensued.Very disappointing to encounter a high-profile brand with deceptive business practices .
 Broken in at least two ways right out of the box . The box arrived without any damage but the unit had two broken pieces jammed into the unit 's housing . The on/off switch and the attachment for the high pressure hose . Where is the quality control in the company that `` is associated worldwide with top performance , innovation and quality . ''
 Karcher electric pressure washer lasted about 4 residential use . Repair centers listed online fix only gas pressure washers . You ca n't get service support over the phone and multiple attempts to get support online were unsuccessful . Buy a different brand .
 I have several problems with the unit . The main complaint is the amount of pressure it puts out . I bought the unit to wash my truck and car with . It wo n't even move the dirt from the side of my truck . It does n't seem to be anywhere near the 1850psi it claims . I have $ 20 water hose attachments I bought at Wal Mart that put out more pressure than this thing . 1850psi ? More like 18.5 psi.Additional problems I have are the washer bottle attachments . They are almost impossible to snap down . And the waterhose attachment is too hard to get to , or attach a hose to.Would I buy one of these things again ? NO
 I have a 1700 PSI unit with a 24-7 replacement sticker . Good luck . I called and was told to call during the week . I write this review only to advise prospective buyers of this company . My unit which is a lesser unit than this is on its fourth season , used for two seasons once and a third twice . At the end of last season it became intermittant and now will not pull soap into it . I kept stored in a garage which does not freeze in the winter . I have used it for several hours each time to wash my single story home and a couple of times to wash my car . I am very disappointed and will not buy another Karcher .
 i bought this product last summer . i also bought the extension hose that amazon recommended at the time . this hose did not work with the karcher machine to begin with . i put this extension hose aside and used the pressure washer with not major problems about 3 times.this summer , when i attempted to use the machine again , the moment i turned on the power , the hose was expelled out of the machine because the PLASTIC threads where a bit stripped and there was no way to make it work . and so began the hours and hours of wasted time ... i saw that by using the extension hose -LRB- with metal threads -RRB- and an adapter -LRB- that i had to order and wait for in the mail -RRB- i was able to make it work . however , this time it took 2 minutes for the motor to stop working properly . instead of the motor kicking into gear when depressing the water gun , it remained `` on '' all the time and it made no difference between low power and high power or the mix setting . my warranty expired 2 days ago ... what do i do with this $ -LSB- ... -RSB- piece of crap now !?
 I purchased it Amazon it arrived and the soap dispenser function did n't work . I contacted Karcher , they wanted to switch it with a rebuilt one . I bought a brand new machine that was DOA and their solution is to give me a rebuilt model , NOT ACCEPTABLE!The soap dispenser still does n't work , and Karcher has n't done a thing about it . The soap dispensing was the feature I wanted to wash my car and wax it . Without it , the unit is useless . If I have to wash it by hand what is the use of 1800 lbs of rinse water , I just use the garden hose . Karcher sucks
 The unit was delivered with a broken on/off switch . I called Karcher and their only remedy was to send me a rebuilt unit ! A rebuilt unit for a brand new unit ! I immediately boxed it up and sent it back to Amazon . If that 's how they treat all customers I 'm surprised they are still in business .
 I went for the cheap option and bought this . It lasted me two days before the handle snapped off . It 's ok for small branches , but if you try anything hard about and inch to 1.5 as it claims it can handle , its too much for it . I tossed this and bought a lifetime warranty craftsmans .
 List price direct from Corona is $ 17.38 RK 62061Tempered spring steel for greater durability and long service lifeBi-curved bow gives even pressure to all tines for maximum raking efficiencyTines apply light pressure for debris removal3 Rivets hold head to handle25 Extra-wide tinesDouble crimps hold tines in place54 '' Long Lightweight metal handle with anti-slip vinyl sleeved handle for gripping comfort
 The rake itself is lightweight . The head is all metal and the handle is aluminum . It is exactly what is advertised . It is an appropriate size for small yards and mulch beds . The only bad thing about this rake was that it arrived with a bent handle yesterday . I will update this review after I hear back from the seller regarding replacement .
 I was truly impressed by the taut seating , the back support , the stability as they sit on the lawn - Until yesterday morning when I saw that everyone of the fastener heads is rusted . I e-mailed Coleman and await a reply but I 'd discarded the boxes and the shipping papers . Why ? Because of total faith in Coleman products based on past experience and reputation . This is an item intended for outdoor use in other that desert conditions I presume and it has rusted within two weeks . Yikes .
 I am returning this heater . Went to Mendocino this weekend , not a very cold trip but we tried it in the morning . Two veteran campers could n't figure out if it was lit . When we finally did , it put out a scant amount of heat . We left it on for a while hoping it would increase but it did not .
 I bought this expecting to use it during plane flights to run my computer . When fully charged it would only power the computer for a maximum of 15 minutes . If fully charged the night before and unlugged/packed , it will loose all power/charge by the next morning . I purchased 3 of these all new and all 3 have he same problems . Not as advertised since it fails to even hold a charge for 8 hours and run time when freshly charged is a very small fraction of the long advertised run time . RUN from this product and find something else that actually works as advertised , but avoid this LEMON .
 Right on the face of the rake is a big label that you ca n't peel off . It looks really crummy with the parts of the label on the rake . When will manufacturers learn that consumers hate that ? When we stop buying things without removable labels !
 The product works so far , but it 's pretty much obsolete now . Meaning , everything now is LED powered , which are incredibly light and compact . This guy is bulky , very heavy -LRB- with the batteries and magnet -RRB- , and the light is pretty dim . I have an LED flashlight which is powered by watch batteries that is far brighter than this light , and it is the size of a large pen . This light takes 4 AA batteries and still gives off a pretty dim light . And did I mention it 's bulky and heavy?Hey , the light works , the magnet is strong , and it does the job , but I 'll bet -LRB- if it already does n't exist -RRB- someone will come out with an LED tent light that is far brighter and much less bulky . I 'd recommend this light only for car camping and just for basic lighting needs , not for reading .
 Great concept but unfortunately not enough light to be useful.Easy to use with magnet base , but light output is very low . More like a `` night light '' than a general purpose light .
 I agree with the below poster 's review
 I have tried several batteries new and rechargeable and still I can not get this to work . I will keep trying because the magnet strength is amazing and it 's perfect for my popup .
 ok so i just received my package and everything seems to be on point . put the 4 batteries and closed it back up . now after 30 minutes of use the light turned off . i know its not the batteries because i just opened them up fresh . i looked at the bulb and it does not seem that the connection of the wire burned out and now i dont know what to do . i will contact them to see why this happened . but i do like this little device .
 Not for your light weight hiking/camping . Do n't forget to shut it off after a few minutes or you 'll be investing in batteries .
 It works fine , quality is good , but I would go with another option -LRB- less heavy -RRB- . This is not LED so not so bright ! and too heavy for tent use .
 The lights are so bright , even with new batteries . the magnetic feature of this light did n't work so well inside the tent , as there is virtually no place to stick it to . not recommended .
 This Tent light is nicely designed , cleverly put together , but has very poor lighting . you almost have to sit right under it to see anything . needs a better bulb .
 This is a great concept for a light . The base is metal and there are magnets located under the light portion so you can put the base on the outside of the tent and the light on the inside and they hold together without any strings , straps , etc. I expected it to be brighter than it actually was but the main problem is that every time I went to move the light , I ended up pulling the cover off and exposing the batteries instead of separating the light from the base . Looks like the little clips that are supposed to hold the light section together are not properly designed and do not hold over the separating force of the magnets and the base . ** Needs to be brighter . ** Need to redesign clips that hold light together .
 It is not bright at all ! I 've used it a few times and have brand-new Energizer Lithium batteries and it is not bright enough to see any detail -LRB- like on zippers and things -RRB- . It 's like being in a dimly lit bar . Also it 's very heavy so when you attach it magnetically to your tent it will make the tent sag considerably . You ca n't use those mesh shelves , it will yank them right down . So you have to reach clear up on top of the tent -LRB- under the rain fly -RRB- then have someone else hold the other part of the light -LRB- if you have a family size tent -RRB- . There are a lot brighter , lighter , and better lights for the same money .
 I bought it based on Amazon reviews . If you have a closet or cupboard that needs extra light use it there , not out camping . It is heavy duty with the emphasis on heavy . Just about any camping light would be more practical than this . I am dissapointed in the reviewers who gave this a glowing review .
 It 's a pretty poor light for my purpose . If all you want is a night light , it 's fine , but do n't expect illumination to read .
 The third time we used it it fell and broke ! If you want a DURABLE tent light my wife and I recomend the Fire Fly !
 - back side of the light has a battery cover and this cover also had magnetic plate and it holds the light , but does n't hold very good . - 4 AAA batteries for a very small light bulb , it 's dimm light and it 's not enough for the whole tent , bulb should be led for better battery life . - heavy bulky.I got motion activated lights from -LSB- ... -RSB- , I velcro it to my tent . ti 's work much better and it 's about the same price .
 This light is a nice over all design , but lacks efficient lighting . It is also very heavy and burns through batteries !
 Neh !!!! not enough light for camping atleast . Not worth at all . Fancy stuff ... Only looks great .
 I got the coleman tent light and the 25 LED tent light . The coleman puts out very little light .
 After reading other reviews I purchased this to use in our screen tent . However , when I received it , the second thing on the instructions said , Do Not Use On Screens . I returned them for fear that the heavy magnet would tear the screen in the screen room .
 fortunately this light is inexpensive . The picture is very deceiving . Better off buying a lantern light
 I bought this item with a Coleman camping stove , which has turned out to be excellent -LRB- the stove -RRB- . Regardless of whether you extend this stand fully or peg the legs in place IT IS NOT SAFE . The liklihood that your stove will fall through this stand is extremely high . I spent a long time experimenting with it before being forced to return it and buy a table . On the package another suggested use is as a stand for suspending a rubbish bag . If that is all that it can be used for , it 's not worth the cash . A redesign is needed .
 I think this product is priced too high based on it 's quality -LRB- I paid $ 32 , I think it 's worth about $ 20 -RRB- . The stand is very shaky and it really needs to be staked down when used . Also if you use the stand to place a camp stove on it you need to secure the stove to the stand with velcro straps . The good news is that it is very light , compact and easy to use . The height is just right as well .
 When I first saw this stand online I thought `` PERFECT ! Now I can free up space on my folding table ! '' I went and checked my stove ... yup , its a Coleman too , so this should be perfect!The UPS man dropped it off and I was excited to give it a shot . The first thing that hit me was that it did n't have a sleeve to hold it or any clips/straps to hold it closed . No problem , got out the Velcro One-Wrap -LRB- love the stuff -RRB- and made two straps to keep it closed . Even so , it rattled a little in the car as I drove to the campsite.It is finished in brown anodizing and I can see where the parts were turret-punched , not machined , and where they were left mill-finished before getting anodized . I can understand , at this price point that 's what you get and the anodizing should keep the aluminum supports from corroding for a long time.At camp , it was a real disappointment . I set it up correctly but it was still really flexible and unstable unless on perfectly flat ground . It has rubber non-slip strips on the top support beams which did n't even make contact with my NEW -LRB- and supposedly compatible -RRB- Coleman 2-burner stove . Come on guys ! Ca n't even make a stand that is compatible with your own stove ? I wound up knocking it over while cooking which was just embarrassing . I folded it up and put it in the truck and I 'll probably wind up giving it to Goodwill because honestly it did nothing for me.This product could be improved , and I could modify it to fit my stove well and modify it to be more stable , but I 'm not sure it is worth it . It should have worked well in the first place without me tinkering with it . For now , the stove will live on the table .
 The plastic clips broke on the first camping trip . Definitely not the quality I expect from a Coleman product . Do n't bother !
 I just ordered this product , expecting it to be aluminum colored as the photograph indicates . Received item and it was not silver , but bronze -LRB- not at all applicable for what I ordered it for -RRB- . I called Coleman and inquired . I was told once it had been opened , there was nothing they could do -LRB- how was I supposed to know it was bronze without taking it out of the box ? Duh ! -RRB- . I said , `` So with the Coleman Company there is no such thing as customer satisfaction ? '' The man replied , `` No . '' Better make sure you order what you want -LRB- OR THINK YOU WANT ! -RRB- !
 This stand sets up quickly , is light but does not fit my Coleman two burner dual-fuel stove particularly well . Perhaps the new stoves are wider . I made a table top out of some scrap 1/4 '' plywood I had to span the top . That provided a surface to place the stove on , but the real issue is that the stand wobbles a great deal . When pumping up the stove the stand was all over the place . I 'll be looking for a better solution longer term .
 I too found this product very unsafe . Just the slightest bump or nudge , like attaching the propane bottle and the stove was falling through the middle . Not the best thing to have happen when you 're trying to cook . I guess I could glue on some velcro strips , like one of the other writers , but I should n't have to.Instead , I did convert it into a trash bag holder . I got it on a year end close out so the sting of an expensive trash holder is n't too bad .
 I normally like the Coleman brand and think they 're equipment is good quality for reasonable prices . But I was very disappointed with this stand . First and foremost , the top is left completely open - I did n't realize how much so from the featured item picture . It did not fit my Coleman stove very well to begin with -LRB- too big for my smaller stove . -RRB- But when you consider resting room for a kerosene or propane tank there 's no support at all ! I had to use an 18 '' by 18 '' sheet of wood just to hold the stove!To make matters worse , I do n't think this would even make a good waste basket because the supports for the legs do n't clip into place . The rig depends on weight from the top to keep it sturdy and a trash bag ca n't provide that . The result is loose , wobbly supports , ready to fall over at a stiff breeze . I do n't understand why they would add clips to keep the legs in place for transport , but nothing to hold the supports in place when it is set up ! It 's such a simple feature that its omission is mind-boggling ! Add to the fact , that the material is a little flimsy and you come away with a big pile of fasted money - very disappointing .
 The moment any gust of wind would hit this it would start to topple . I tried using it as a stand for the burners but it was way to low . I kept it and tried using it as a garbage bag holder but it always fell . Yuck .
 It is not apparant in the picture , but the plane of the blade is 35 degrees from the handle . That means when you put the blade down perpendicular to the ground and attempt to use your foot to push the blade in the ground , the handle is 35 degrees away . One would have to have long arms to hang on to it . To hold the handle and push the blade in with a foot , means that one is pushing in at an angle . THis is hard on the back.The shovel may work in very soft soil , but in any type of clay , it is useless .
 The carry case is a clam shell design . The hinge is is plastic and will split apart after a few uses . I ordered 5 of these items for a Boy Scout troop . One of the cases was already broken on arrival .
 Well , I agree with other reviewers regarding the lantern being sensitive ; in fact I would have to say , OVERLY sensitive . The threads on these lanterns are made of very soft ALUMINUM on . The very first time I used my lantern , I attached it with NO difficulty at all to a Propane Tree -LRB- NOT the Over-Priced Coleman Version -RRB- After removing it from the tree , I then attempted to attach to a bottle of Coleman Propane Fuel . Now , I have this lantern upside down so that I can see the threads both of the bottle of propane as well as those of the lantern itself . I spentno less than ten minutes attempting to attach the bottle to the lamp to no avail . I did , however , succeed in chewing the threads of the lantern into oblivion . It is now totally useless . If I could have given `` 0 '' stars , that I would have done ... . I do not believe that it is the aluminum threads alone as much as I believe it is the grade of aluminum being used today vs. that which was being used twenty + years ago . You see , there are many grades such as T-4 , T-5 , T-6 , and `` O '' condition which has to do with their malleability ... and obviously , with each grade theiris a different price ... thus we have the final production cost in the end ... and if you can save a nickel on the overall costs in the end and you are producing at least a million + lanterns world wide -LRB- at least this amount -RRB- THAT can add up to a significant savings for the company thus a much greater profit margin , the heckwith the end user ! Oh well , I should have known what to expect when I noticed that they had sold out and move most of their operations to China along with just about every other American Manufacturer ... what is going on in this Country of ours is asad day for America as a whole . Seems to me that the powers that be seeking parity with all the `` third world '' nations of the world and here in California we are well on our way ... we now have no less than an average of two families per house in what used to be termed as `` single family '' residences . BUT , I guess that is O.K.as long as I can get more stuff for myself at a cheaper price .
 This product had an odd textural quality , which does n't really matter when it comes to a garden flag , but there was no depth to the printing . The product also faded to gray within about 4 months . We live in Dallas , and this occurred during the summer months , but 4 months is an unacceptable life span .
 these seeds suck . i used the last 4 yesterday from the 2 packets i bought . i give these until 6/1/07 to sprout ? if not i want a refund.the moles will be hungry and i 'll have no garden . !
 Do be careful . Castor beans are very toxic . In fact all parts of the plants are toxic . Cattle , horses , sheep , pigs , fowl , rabbits and other small animals are all suceptable . Children could also pick up the seeds and eat them . Though the plants are lovely and exotic , I decline to grow them due to this issue .
 The castor bean plant , Ricinus communis , contains two toxins that are poisonous to people , animals , and insects . The main toxic protein , ricin , is so potent that a single milligram may be sufficient to kill a human adult . Ricin is considered both a chemical and biological weapon and is explicitly prohibited by the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention -LRB- BTWC -RRB- and Schedule 1 of the Chemical Weapons Convention -LRB- CWC -RRB- . Ricin works its harm by destroying small parts of cells , called ribosomes . Ribosomes produce all of the proteins needed by a cell . If the proteins can not be produced , the cell dies . Although the effects of ricin ingestion may be felt within a few hours -LRB- abdominal pain , diarrhea , vomiting -RRB- , it is a slow-acting poison , with death occurring after 1-3 days . A victim who survives the severe dehydration and lowered blood pressure of advanced ricin poisoning will generally recover.The other toxic protein in the castor bean , RCA -LRB- Ricinus communis agglutinin -RRB- , agglutinates red blood cells . In other words , injection of RCA into the bloodstream essentially causes a person 's blood to coagulate . Ingestion of a castor bean or its products will release ricin , but the RCA can not cross the intestinal wall .
 Castor bean is poisinous if eaten by humans and animals . Even mild amounts can cause quite a bit of illness .
 The lamp itself is n't too bad , but when the flourescent bulb went out the only place I could find the replacement was the coleman site . Bulb plus shpping plus tax was almost 20 bucks . This makes this lantern an expensive disposible .
 This lantern does throw bright light . BUT it does not have a long battery life . It is also prone to go out when walking with it . I think the batteries shift around .
 I thought it was going to be bigger . It is way too small for the price . I would have liked it a lot had it been larger
 As we have a need to run two propane units at the same time , I was originally excited to find what I thought would meet our need . However , upon our attempt to hookup to the tee , we found that it allows you to `` T '' from a large propane tank -LRB- e.g. , standard 20-lb tank -RRB- , but delivers two attachments that are suitable for appliances using only the 1-lb campground propane tanks.If you are looking for a split from a 20-lb tank to provide 2 1-lb tank connections , this will probably meet your need . However , unless Amazon updates their description , you need to be aware that this will not provide you with a split akin to 2 20-lb tank connections .
 The size is just slight bigger than match box and it will not kill any bug ! Be aware it is a scam !
 DOES N'T WORK even though bulb appears intact , after trying two new sets of batteries , and screwing on battery case/bottom carefully and repeatedly . I 've never had this happen with a lantern or flashlight before . My kid was very disappointed .
 This is a horrible little stinky stove that is very inefficient by today 's standards . Trust me , I 'm a sucker for older designs ... this ai n't one you want to hold onto . The burners are fickle , leave soot on the bottom of your gear , and are grossy inefficent at heating stuff - the main reason you presumably are in the market for a stove . Get a propane unit first of all , second of all , get one with the knobs on either end , and not side by side - those stick , wo n't adjust , and are horrible as well . I went through the entire Coleman catalog so I could help you . Learn from my mistakes . This stove would probably be ok if the apocalypse comes and you want to run the stove for awhile from your burnt out car 's gas tank . Otherwise , you will look like a moron among your fellow car camping friends meantime .
 BUYER BEWARE
 Purchased this unit from Amazon and thought that all these units were able to be calibrated . So I purchased a one-step calibration Humidipak . After placing the unit in the pack for 24 hours , the reading was off by +3 % . Went to the PlanetWaves website searching the instructions and their site on how to calibrate - nothing . Apparently there is no way to calibrate it and there is nowhere in the limited instructions , where it states it is not able to be calibrated.Oh well , I should of read the reviews further . For now I 'll just subtract 3 % from whatever the reading is . Otherwise the unit does what it says it does .
 I have n't had much luck with this hygrometer . It looks great , the controls are easy to use , but there are two drawbacks . First , it does n't read the humidity correctly - not even close , in fact . Second , it 's not adjustable . I was getting wacky readings after installing it in my guitar case . I tried the `` salt test '' without being able to get consistent results . I finally bought theBoveda One-Step Calibration Kitto test it . Despite following the instructions and leaving the unit in the bag longer than required , I never got a reading higher than 69 % . On the other hand , theQuality Importers HygroSet II Round Digital Hygrometer for Humidors -LRB- which I bought when I started having doubts about the Planet Waves device -RRB- managed a reading of 76 % - only 1 % off the test target . And I was able to adjust it to read 75 % . It 's possible that the Planet Waves hygrometer is optimized for accuracy at lower humidity levels - 45 % to 50 % for guitars rather than 75 % for cigars . However , without a way to test and calibrate the Planet Waves product , I have to conclude that the HygroSet II suits my needs better .
 I have two same Planet Waves humidity sensors . Do n't trust any of them as putting both side by side I have completely different readings of humidity -LRB- like 34 % versus 25 % -RRB- . Sometimes units having less difference in readings , but had never been less than 3 % . This is crap unit with no stability and accuracy .
 After getting a humidor for Christmas , I decided to test this hygrometer using the same methods . The planet waves hygrometer read 65 % when the humidity was 75 % . There is no means of calibrating this hygrometer . I would recommend getting a Xikar digital cigar hygrometer instead of the planet waves .
 You have to squeeze the thing to get it to read the correct humidity and it does n't say that in the directions . For the money , I feel that it was n't a good purchase .
 I purchased two of the hygrometers to protect my Martins and found that when tested with the salt and water method , both units were off by 5 to 8 % . Not a problem except that they can not be calibrated ; a cheaper unit purchased from a cigar store offers calibration and better accuracy . Pass on this hygrometer
 Upon opening the package , and activating the battery by pulling the plastic shipping tab , the unit did not work . I found that gently shaking the unit would give me intermittent readings . I removed the battery compartment cover , and found that the electric leads would only make contact with the battery if the battery was held precisely in place -LRB- against a small spring -RRB- . The battery cover did not hold the battery precisely in the required position - hence the intermittent operation . I ca n't explain why some people have no problem with this unit and it works fine for them , as this seems to me to be a flawed design issue . All I can say is that mine was unusable and I returned it .
 I received this item and it is not what is advertised . The box has a label affixed to the box stating it is 425F499G but it is not the 21,000 BTU model advertised it is a 14,000 BTU model . My invoice matches the label . BEWARE you will not get what is advertised here . Very disappointed .
 I brought 3 of these hoping to catch a Rat in my house . I did 3 attempts and it never caught the rat . My guess is that it 's too small or the trap is not powerful enough to kill the rat .
 I purchased six of these and set two in my basement with some peanut butter . I made sure not to over bait the traps because that is a key mistake people make when setting mouse traps . The first few days I saw nothing and then when I went to look one trap is gone and the other the mouse moved it along with eating the peanut butter out . I 'm not sure where the disappearing trap is and have looked around for it but ca n't seem to find it . I 've had this happen before with the traditional wooden traps and found it a few weeks later with the mouse dead in the trap on the opposite side of my basement and was hoping this trap would not do that . Hopefully I find the trap soon.I purchased these traps because of the good reviews and so far the mice are winning the battle . I 'm thinking about trying this one more time and getting some two sided sticky tape to put on the floor and trap but then I wonder how well the trap will go off . I 've also purchased the Victor electronic trap that I will setup and see if I got any luck with that . I know I can use poison but I 've also found a dead mouse before laying on the ground that I nearly stepped on so I assume he must of ate it and died . As for the other mice that have ate the poison who really knows if they actually made their way out or died somewhere in walls , etc. . . For now the Snap-E traps have failed me . It used to be much more simple to catch mice that make their way into my home but they seem to have got smarter over the years .
 The worst and useless . Tried 10 times and not one success . Often maims the mouse especially the limbs . Stick with the old fashioned style which works almost 100 % of the time .
 This would appear to be an answer to the long-sought-after better mouse trap . It might be if it were well constructed . It caught one mouse which apparently weakened the latch holding the spring . Shortly after I reset the trap the latch broke off . I would return it for a refund except it would cost more than the trap itself .
 Bottom line for a product like this is fairly easy . . Either it does the job its designed to or not . . Well in this case , i couldnt catch even one mouse . . I ordered two of these . . First of all , its really really small . . i do n't think big rats will even fit into the trap . . Mostly for small ones . . When I have set it up , the following day the cheese is gone , , but i see no sign of a mouse or even its whiskers . . What a waste of money . . And whats more , the shipping is kind of more expensive than the trap in itself . . I wont recommend .
 We have rats in our back yard . I think they saw the trap and laughed.They got the peanut butter off without getting caught.Either the traps are not made right or the rats are very smart .
 I purchased 5 of these traps and 2 of the 5 were so poorly made the bar would not latch under the arming hook . And one of the others `` misfired '' after the first day . Poorly made . I would not even spend the time sending them back . They made it as far as the trash can . $ 10.00 wasted .
 I put PB in the reservoirs along with sunflower seeds . Yes , the designer built a better mouse trap . Yet , the mice continue to run the house and I have n't killed one yet and six are loaded and placed .
 In its favour
 Trap is easy enough to set when new . However if used in a garage or outside where trap is exposed to abrasive dirt or sand , the trigger mechanism will fail in short order . This results in trap being difficult to set , or when set trap will not trip when treadle is pressed .
 After reading all the rave reviews about this mouse trap , I decided to purchase three . My husband set up 2 outside and one inside . We have yet to catch ONE mouse ! The trap snaps , the bait 's gone , but no mouse . Interestingly , the old wooden traps we have continue to work . I really ca n't figure this one out , but it 's hard to believe that these are the same traps that so many raved about . Truly a disappointment !
 These are probably fine for catching the occasional mouse in your house , but they are n't for heavy use . I needed them for a tack room at a horse stable , where there are plenty of mice . The traps worked fine for a few kills and then gave up .
 I 've tried all kinds of mouse traps . The only ones that work are the old fashioned spring traps on a wooden board you can get at the hardware store.What 's wrong with this one ? The spring is not strong enough . I repeatedly find the trap sprung , but no mouse in it . The only thing I can figure is the spring is too weak to grip them firmly , or the spring is weak so the trap does n't close fast enough -LRB- mice have very fast reaction times -RRB- . Back to the old spring traps . They work every time .
 At first it worked great . For the last few days now , when I have gone to check the trap in the morning , the well has been licked dry . Sometimes when I check the trigger with a pencil the trap does n't go off until I really push hard . The mice are stealing the bait and laughing all the way to their hideout .
 I chewed on a piece of gum and stuck it inside the cavity . Two weeks later the trap is upside down , the gum is out and the mouse is gone.So I checked the package contents and I think what is missing are instructions for the mouse on how to get killed by the trap .
 Did not work . Either I have really smart mice in my house or the trap was faulty . Bait kept getting stolen but lever did not come down .
 My husband goes camping alot with the boy scouts . The tent is not roomy enough for 3 cots . We also did not know it had a mesh roof . Even with the fly on top , on cool nights it would get damp in the tent . The material does n't seem rugged enough even for our summer use . The screen room is n't tall enough to stand comfortably . This tent would be great for the once in a while camper . Does anyone know of a large sguare type tent possibly with a screen room or dining fly ?
 In spite of the name `` Weathermaster '' it leaks like a sieve through the rainfly !! It offers no protection from rain whatsoever !!
 i ordered this last fall for a 40th party it looks nice but after a windy day a piece of the top broke off and after that it all fell apart because it didnt have any support from the broke top rail
 Looks nice when it was standing . Took several hours to erect doing it by myself . Had 20 mile per hour winds and the thing broke apart and I had to throw it all out . Wrote to the company because it was only 2 weeks after I received it , and heard nothing back . So , if you live in an area that has a low to no wind factor it is a good buy . But if not say goodbye .
 We got this for our deck last May and it started to rust almost immediately . I took it down in August to store for the winter . Tried to assemble it today -LRB- mid April -RRB- and two parts fell apart in my hands . Save your money .
 Unfortunately , they chose a convincing photo to display and the concept of knock-down construction sounded great . In reality , we should have payed better attention to the other reviews of this product . It went together quickly and easily but is so cheaply made that we are concerned that it wo n't even last this summer season . The inadequately supportive structure combined with very thin , cheap canvas was not worth the $ 250 this cost us . It took us twice the time to put together our last gazebo and it lasted two years . If you are considering this item , keep looking . You are sure to be disappointed with this .
 all it takes is one good windy day and say goodbye to your gazebo . I lost two of these within a 3 year period .
 I purchased this product from Bond mfr company because it is CHEAP . I setup it and it looked very nice . However , there was rain -LRB- not shower -RRB- on the 3rd day , it collapsed while I watched it . This is a design issue , I bet the company never do any structure study -LRB- or did it but choose the inferior material anyway -RRB- . What happened is the rain got collected on the canopy and would not flow away . This is a significant safety concern for seniors and disabilities . Be aware!Talked with Customer service of Bond back and forth a few times , the opinion is that is out of warranty coverage and do not admit that was a design defect issue .
 I was looking for something to beatify my yard and a place to sit and relax . I found this product and it looked like it was what I wanted . I ordered it and when it came we found it very easy to set up . We did have a problem with it though . We only used it for about a week . The framework was too light and the wind folded the product and it collapsed .
 The product was not as I thought it would be based on the picture available on line - covers will serve fine for storage , but not for the every day use I was looking for to keep cats and their hair off the chairs . Price was was very low so I do n't feel anything other than that I made an error in picking out a product and bear no ill will toward the maker - perhaps a clear explanation of the covers ' usage would have helped .
 When I opened this item up , or should I say , tried to open it up , it was a total mess . I could n't figure out which end is up , as they say . It turned out to be just like a plastic drop cloth you put down when your going to paint . Extremely disappointed .
 This item was n't what I expected . It is more a paint cover and I could n't get it over my chair . I will not purchase it again .
 Price ok but the bag torn sliding my mattress accross a carpet . What will happen across a hard mobing van floor .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 Tried these seeds three separate occasions with 5 plantings each time . Could n't get a single one to sprout . Heirloom tomatoes , peppers , zucchini , squash , watermelon all sprouted with no issues . What a bummer , I was looking forward to canning these for the winter .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I ordered a bunch of these to control whitefly . The whiteflies land on the traps , but the sticky material is so weak that they struggle for a while and then fly off ... very disappointing . Use the Seabright brand ... they really do work .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 Dont buy these blades as they are cheap quality steel and do n't hold up . Save your money and buy a heavy duty heat treated blade from another supplier .
 I have owned a McLane edger for about 5 years now and have worn out the original edger blade and one replacement -LRB- after market -RRB- blade . I could not find another after market blade at the local stores so I ordered these blades from amazon . I must say that when these blades arrived I was very suprised at the quality . All three of these blades together are not as heavy as the after market blade I replaced . I installed one of the new blades and edged the walk as I normally do and I believe all three of the McLane blades will not last as long as one of the after market blades . I am very dissapointed with these OEM blades and will buy after market blades in the future . I would not recommend this product .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 used for quite some time , every time i go in my shed there they are , yes it kills alot of mice but they are always there , itsd either a great product and i just have 100 , s of mice that want to live in my shed or it dont kill them all
 I live in new York city and we have house mouse that have went to college lol . I brought traps and it works but we are looking for long term , this product does not work at all and I think it breed more mouse in the house very disappointed with this product .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 The backing is stiff which severely restricts the blanket 's flexibility and the ability to fold it . It 's supposed to provide the waterproof barrier , but it cracks after being folded just a couple times , so does n't even do that . The blanket is more like 60x70 inches , smaller than the 68x82 stated in the description . All around piece of crap !
 I bought this mat with high hopes and was thoroughly disappointed !! I followed the washing directions the day that I got it so it would be clean and ready to use for my 8 month old baby . The plastic backing on it is so cheap and brittle that it was completely destroyed in the wash . Big holes all over ! Also , extremely difficult to wrap back in the original position to make the shoulder strap work , and when you do , the velcro is not strong enough to keep it closed . Altogether terrible product -- I wish I could get my money back !
 I received two of these for Christmas last year and just loved them . My husband and I used them for our first picnic last week and they were great . Waterproof and easy to carry , but not so easy to re-fold without getting dirty . I took them home and washed them for the first time
 The backing seems to be waterproof as advertised . The padding is almost non-existent , and it feels flimsy overall . Definitely overpriced .
 Notice that when this is folded up , the decorative side is on the OUTSIDE ! This means that , when you lay it out to fold it up , you have to put the soft side down on the WET GRASS !! Horrible !!!!
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 The product was the one I was looking for however Amazon sent the wrong item.It was shown as a four pack for $ 10 plus shipping . When in came it was one 8oz bottle for $ 15 . I sent it back and bought it elswhere.First time I have ever had a problem with Amazon . Mistakes happen .
 I Ordered this product , it was the correct oil , but it was not a 4 pack as stated in the product description . It was one 8 oz . can . The price is good for a 4 pack , but not for one can .
 I have been using the `` can '' packaged Lawn Boy oil for many years for my Lawn Boy mower , chain saw , and other 2-cycle engines . I noticed with my last purchase the packaging had changed to a 8oz bottle . What caught my attention is the label no longer mentions `` ashless '' , and with Lawn Boy now part of MTD , I am not sure this business has been outsourced to another vendor and the formula has changed . . I 'm not sure I want to use this oil any more ...
 This unit should not be called reconditioned . I was sent a very used very diry machine lacking parts . I would not reccomend . Buyer beware
 Like the other reviewer , I , too , received a very dirty Factory Reconditioned Campbell Hausfeld RBPW1580LE Electric Pressure Washer . I had waited anxiously for it 's arrival and was very disappointed when I opened the box . There were scratches and deep gouge marks in various places . Not to mention it was grimey with actual dirt on the unit . It looked WELL used , but certainly not lovingly . Still , I figured , hey I waited this long , I might as well keep it . I hooked it up and water leaked everywhere . There was some leaks in the connections . If that was not enough , the motor sounded like it was having dificulty staying on . I tried to rationalize keeping this despite the various problems but that was the final deal breaker -- I contacted Amazon , arranged the pickup and sent it back where it came from ! To Amazon 's credit , I got no hassels for the return and my account was promptly credited . Unfortunately , it made me seriously rethink purchasing `` reconditioned '' items . I will definitely be a lot more hesitant in the future .
 I received this washer yesterday and was disappointed when I opened the box . Like other reviewers here , I received a VERY dirty and scratched up unit . However , I ordered the unit knowing this could be the case and was prepared to keep it . That is , until I assembled it and started using it today to clean my patio . I have two major issues with this :1 . Leaks -- The hose that connects the wand to the unit leaks , regardless of how tight I fasten it . Because of the leak , the unit thinks it should be on , and thus , turns off and on intermittently .2 . WEAK ! -- I bought this so that I would n't have to always borrow my friends measly 1100 PSI pressure washer . Boy was I surprised when I compared the two side by side and found that the 1100 PSI unit was MUCH more powerful . This was mostly due to the fact that the 1100 unit was able to condense its ' output to a fine stream , which is great for getting dirt out of cracks . The campbell hausfeld unit 's most condensed output is still a `` spray '' as opposed to a `` stream '' . I am ultimately very disappointed in this item and have just filled out the return form . It 'll be going back to Amazon tomorrow . As another reviewer said , this makes me think twice about ordering refurbished products , especially online .
 OK , so I buy the Campbell Hausfeld Electric Pressure Washer Model # PW158010AV 1500 psi / 1.5 gpm and finally use it this spring and it leaks . So I call Campbell Hausfeld customer service and asked them how I remove the blue cover , as I can not see any screws to unscrew . She tells me she can not advise me because of liability issues . I ask if they have a manual for this and she says , not for that . She says it is probably the pump and that they do n't sell the pump for it , so she advised me to throw it away and buy an new unit from them . I asked who makes them , so said somewhere in China . I laughed and assured her that I was going to put a review on the internet and also told her that I would avoid Campbell Hausfeld products at all costs . She sort of chuckled and said , can I be of further assistance ? WHERE HAS THE CUSTOMER SERVICE GONE ? This is another company that should be put out of business by citizens of the USA by not buying their products .
 the pressure cleaner which I received was in good condition with all parts accounted for . Unfortunately it has n't worked since I received it . instead of shipping it back I called the manufacturer who directed me to a local shop to fix the unit , which is under warranty , and at no cost . I would stay away from this item .
 I ordered these lights and did n't receive them . No word from the company . I complained and they said they would send them out . Second time around
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 When I got my bags of fertilizer delivered , I was surprised to discover that they were labelled as 2.75 lb bags , despite the product description calling them 4 lb bags . I 've notified Amazon 's customer service by email and I expect that they will make it right -LRB- they usually are good about this kind of thing -RRB- . But you should be aware of what you are paying for - at least until the web guys can update their description.My one star rating has nothing to do with the quality of the product - that I ca n't yet judge . And if Amazon fixes the discrepancy between what I paid for and what I got , I 'll remove that rating -LRB- you ca n't submit a review without making a rating -RRB- .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 This auger bit is too rounded to be secure in the drill . It spun around and was useless in anything but loose garden soil . who needs an auger for loose garden soil ?
 If you need something to dig this size hole in the ground there are n't a lot of options . This did do the job but is flawed . The end of the rod is perfectly round and so your drill is not going to be able to grip it properly . Compounding matters , it 's made of soft iron rather than hardened steel . As a result , your drill rapidly sheers off layers of the metal and the end quickly wears down , while iron filings get magnetically stuck to your drill , presenting a short circuit hazard . It seems like it 's made in China , but I do n't recall exactly how it was labelled . It seems like it 's not been built somewhere where the workers have experience with electricity in their homes , power tools , and gardening , where they would use the products they make and quickly realize that they ca n't make the darn shank out of soft iron , and that it needs to be planed a bit to give a gripping point for the drill.I really wish there were better options . Also , buyer beware , the supplier I bought this from does pricing experiments so you might pay wildly ranging prices for it depending on the time of year or phase of the moon . Right after I bought it the price went way down , which is always annoying .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 Very cheaply made . The molded fiberglass is very poor quality , chips , bubbles , crack , other defects . Fountain compnents do not fit together properly . Fountain will not stand upright , level , if one bowl is level , other bowls are not .
 Setting up the foutain was easy . While setting it up you can see details where they have done patch work on cracks . I have made sure the ground was level . But the two top bowls are not level do to the mold or what ever they used to make it . I had put littel wedges under the middle bowl so the water will come down on both sides . Now only a month down the line and a few rains later you can see alot more cracks the rain had washed of the dust from them trying to conceal them . Beside that it 's a good price .
 Received Southern Patio Tier with hairline cracks . Tried to call customer service and was on hold for a very long time . When I was able to speak to a representative I was told that they did not see my purchase on record and the part of the fountain I wanted replaced I could not . I was advised that I should call the store that I purchased the fountain from . The only choice was to return the whole fountain . Returning the fountain I would have to pay additional cost . I purchased a sealer to cover the cracks and kept the fountain . Not pleased with this transaction and how everything was handled and will not use the web site again .
 I received these as a gift from my boys for Christmas and was able to use them for the time when I went to the Broncos vs Ravens playoff game . When I got to the stadium parking lot , 1 of the 2 flags had broken off somewhere along the 25 mile drive . Now I 'm debating whether to even use the other flag at all next year .
 There is no salt tester in here !!!! They have phosphate tester instead !! UGH !! I got this because it said salt !!! Everything else works great !!!
 The setup is not difficult . Yes you can use jumper-style cables . Unfortunately , it just fails to run anything ; i.e. power saw , shop vac , or even 300 watt control circuit . And the bag of included fuses with no mention of fuses in the manual or visable fuse box on the inverter is a bit disconcerting . To top it all off , Coleman has made their warranty service singularly difficult to reach .
 I expected to be able to just use battery jumper cables and hook this inverter up to the battery in my car . instead , it appears I `` m supposed to now loosen the car 's own cables , slide the ends of the inverter cables onto them , and then tighten the nuts to secure . I can only guess , as the users manual says absolutely nothing about how to do this . If this is the case , i say this is an inexplicable and most unwelcome hassle . And coleman 's web site offers no information whatsover , and their customer service is open from a convenient -LRB- for them -RRB- nine to five . bah humbug . PS . there 's no mention of fuses in the handbook , but there 's a bag of them in the box . Great ! ~
 What I received in the mail was not anything like the photo . More like a tiny cup with a stem for some Small bird to try to land on . I have had them hanging out over a week and so far I have not seen any birds using them , I have refilled other feeds in the same time . so I am feeling like my birds do n't seem to care for this style . I also had a devil of a time getting them shipped to the correct address . These just were n't worth the effort . the squirrels do n't even like them . One star to many .
 I ordered this item thinking that it looked like the picture on this page . The picture shows a green dish that holds water for birds that you use a plastic bottle to hold more water . What I received was a tiny bird feeder that maybe a finch could land on . I paid more for the shipping than the product which was my mistake . So returning this silly looking useless product would be more waste of money . I 'm very unhappy .
 I should have read the other reviews before ordering because the product I got looks nothing like the one in the picture . I was expecting a bottle feeder for water and received one only for seed . Such a disappointment . Please change the picture to look like the product . Not very nice !
 This product is horrible , it sucks ! Do n't waste your time . If you try to sweep up anything that is not % 100 level -LRB- most concrete sidewalks and driveways -RRB- it will do a nose dive on you . Then you get smacked in the chest with the handle . Ouch ! I returned this thing the same day I received it .
 Its a decent product , but not worth its price . It does a decent job of picking up grass clippings etc. . Its a little tricky to get the wheels turning properly , but that 's just a setup issue .
 The best part of this product is the box it came in . Dont waste your money .
 Good idea . Horrible implementation . Save you money and buy a broom and dust pan . Those will work much faster and efficiently than this waste resources and money !! Mine 's headed for the garage sale immediately .
 I can not recommend Coleman inverters . I used this inverter twice and it no longer works . The light goes on , it will power a small wattage light , but nothing more . The fan does not work . Also the cables are cheap and the point of attachment is flawed and they can work their way loose . Not a good product .
 i had 2 of these , both fried under almost no load . sent one back , replacementcame & did the same thing . these are cheap garbage , stay away .
 Fourth time I have given this product a negative review . The previous 3 reviews were all deleted by Amazon . I 'll try this last time.On my recent attempt to use the product I touched my vehicle and got a severe electric shock , in spite of the inverter being properly grounded . Next I grounded the vehicle also , but that caused fuses to blow . After struggling an hour , I was able to replace the fuses . On my third attempt , smoke belched out of the unit and it was no more.Whether or not this is typical behavior for the PMP1200 , I ca n't tell . Use at your own risk .
 My unit was DOA with a dead short - blew my auto 's fuse just when plugging into auto 's powerpoint . A non-starter . : -LRB-
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 Horrible generator !!! Will never start ... not of any use if does n't work ... do not buy !!! Have it for use on houseboat ... Nice when it 's 115 outside and generator wo n't start !! Will never purchase Sportman 's again ... only 90 day warranty also , of course it works for 90 days but plan on buying another one within a year !
 This Made in China Generator has a faulty carb that allows for the entire contents of the fuel tank to empty when running , or not running.This is a major fire hazard , and you should avoid all Sportsman generators because of this . A report has been filed with the Government Safe Products dept.
 I ordered this generator before hurricane Sandy arrived . It was not going to arrive in time so the next day i attempted to cancel the order . I was emailed by Amazon stating this could not be canceled . However , I was welcome to refuse the order which I did . Fed ex has confirmed this item was returned back to the shipper and signed for on November 5th . There has been zero contact or refund to my credit card . I have tried every way possible to try and contact someone at amazon but have gotten no reply and now the item shows as a non returnable item . Now I have no generator and am out over $ 350 bucks !!!! What a rip off . I plan to dispute this with the credit card company .
 The generator arrived at my home with a broken On-Off switch . I called the help line and they sent a replacement switch which I replaced with some difficulty.Th generator works fine now .
 I ordered this generator on sale at Amazon . It came with free shipping . Well you get what you pay for . When I received it the bottom of the box was open and some of the paperwork was missing as well as the entire frame of the machine being bent out of shape . When I called buffalo tools about it the technician suggested beating it back into shape with a hammer . He was serious . Apparently this is a common problem because he told me where it was bent ! When I indicated this might cause further damage I was told to take it to a local repair shop . Well I ordered it around thanksgiving and we are getting close to Christmas and its still in the shop . It has never even been started . This machine needs better packaging for starters . I will write another review when it actually is used .
 Even though I was not familiar with the brand I ordered it because the price , when it arrived the first thing I noticed was a loose bolt and missing nut on one of the rubber shock absorbers , the second was a broken spark plug cap . After receiving the replacement parts and installing them , and putting gas in it , it leaked at the bottom of the tank , not as a drip but as a stream . Contacted Buffalo Tools , a few days later , they told me that they had not been able to secure a service center in my area willing to deal with this Chinese engine . Needless is to say that I returned it . The quality and service is not there . At Buffalo Tools they appear to be helpful and knowledgeable , but the product is inferior . I would think that a basic inspection would have caught these problems . I bought a different one from a reliable brand and no problems .
 LIKE MOST PEOPLE , I GOT THIS FOR EMERGENCY . -- WHEN I GOT IT , - I RAN IT FOR AN HOUR WITH A BIG AIR CONDITIONER , AND IT RAN GREAT , - ABOUT 6-8 MONTHS LATER CAME HURICANE IRENE , I RAN IT FOR ABOUT 20 HOURS . THE BOLTS INSIDE THE GENERATOR HEAD FELL OUT - -LRB- THEY WERE NOT TITE AND W/O THREAD LOCK -RRB- -- THE ENGINE CONTINUED TO RUN AND THE BOLT CAUGHT IN THE ARMATURE AND SHORTED IT , AND BROKE THE WINDINGS INSIDE.THE GENERATOR ITSELF IS SHOT ! ! THE WHOLE THING IS OF NO USE NOW , AND -- I CAN NOT EVEN USE THE GAS ENGINE , BECAUSE THE CRANK SHAFT IS ONE WITH THE GENERATOR HEAD AND CAN NOT BE DISCONNECTED . I AM BUYING A DIFFERENT GENERATOR TO REPLACE THIS AS SOON AS I CAN CAVE THE MONEY OR IT.IT 'S SAD BECAUSE THE GAS ENGINE RUNS AND STARTS GREAT !
 Brand new generator out of the box no apparent damage . I filled it with oil and gas , connected the ground terminal with 12awg ground wire to a building ground . Started the unit and my ground detecting surge protection equipment went into alarm and my APC UPS would not charge . Greenlee GT-10 circuit tester indicated open ground . Installed ground rod into earth and connected to unit . Open ground still indicated , but APC UPS proceeded to charge and there were no ground failure alarms.Called Buffalo Tools customer service -LRB-866-RRB- 460-9436 as directed in manual and was informed ` you ca n't use a circuit tester on these generators they have an open ground , that 's how the low oil shut off works . The unit is fine . ' I should have known better right then and there , but I proceeded to use the generator . After two days -LRB- approximately 10 hours of low load operation -RRB- my 26watt fluorescent drop lamp exploded behind my head . I immediately unplugged the lamp and went to the generator and tested the output at each of the outlets . They were both indicating 200 volts so I shut the unit down . I later discovered that three surge protectors with no connected load powered-up smoked and shorted out.There is no power gauge on the unit and the circuit protectors are a tragic accident waiting to happen . For the few seconds this power surged it was surprising how much smoke filled the house.I am experienced around this type of equipment and only heavy duty extension cords were used . Restarting the unit briefly I still measured 200 volts with my multimeter.IN MY OPINION THIS UNIT IS UNSAFE AND I WOULD NOT OPERATE IT LET ALONE RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE !
 Received as a gift and did n't get around to needing it for a couple of weeks . It started right up after putting oil and gas in ; but almost nothing came out . It will not generate more than a few volts - like 5vac and 0.4 vdc . The manual sure does n't address this problem . Do n't know where to return or have it fixed at no charge .
 I did n't expect it to have clean enough power for a computer or TV , so I hooked it up -LRB- separately -RRB- to two enterprise-grade online UPS units - an APC SmartUPS SUA2200XL and a Liebert GXT2 - in order to clean up the power . Neither of them detected the power correctly - both would turn on and off . So I gave up on that and just decided to use it for my refrigerator/freezer which is an LG that is just a few years old . It did work with that , but boy did the refrigerator sound ` off ' running on this generator . If you want power that 's anywhere near clean , look elsewhere . Also , this is the loudest generator I 've heard to date . Note that this seller is not who I ordered it from , but it 's the same piece of crap item .
 I received the generator a few days after ordering . It started but did not produce electricity . The Buffalo tools rep refered me to a local hardware store that can repair it . I dropped it off 4 weeks ago today to be repaired and am waiting for the repair . Next time I will avoid products like Buffalo tools and use trusted brand names .
 I was disappointed by this product , the spacing between the bamboo pieces is almost as wide as the bamboo pieces themselves .
 not only is the customer service non existent , but the product is not great . I would look for another fence for your money !
 The color is flat , yellow , tan , not warm , natural , auburn in parts like the photo . The slats are much larger/wider than they appear in the photo , they are spaced far apart with wire connecting each slat . The wiring looks like shoddy construction , an arts and crafts project . The wiring does not neatly wrap each slat to fix it to the next . It kind of looks like paperclips were unraveled and used to twist tie one slat to the next . There is dirt and dust in the bag like it was packaged in a jungle . The bamboo fencing does not appear finished or stained , i.e. , with a clear coat of paint to make it finished . Not as it appears in the photo . I would n't rate it one star except for the fact that I had to click on at least one star to post this review .
 Poorly made , gaps between the slats are as wide as the slats themselves , so offers very little privacy . You can find a superior product significantly cheaper at the local home supply store .
 photo does not show size of bamboo !!! you should be more specific !!! 13 ' x 6 ' .6 x 1/2 '' I do n't return the item but i express my advise to other customers about this wrong advertise !!!
 This is a very flimsy fence that bent over with the last storm we had and is discolored already . I would not recommend this product to anyone looking for some type of privacy . I have one roll left that we never put up that I do n't know what to do with and the other roll that was up we took down it was down right embarrassing and feel inadequate to our neighbors that is just my feelings toward this particular fence it looked alot better online then what we actually got . I wish I could send back the other roll and get my money back this is the first thing from amazon that I have bought and did not like .
 I purchased this thermometer and 2 additional sensors with the hopes of using the system to monitor high-low temperatures in my garden and in 2 unheated rooms in my house . I found that absolutely none of the features that I needed actually worked.First of all , what they do n't mention in the description is that the 100 foot range is only for clear line of sight . The sensors and main unit worked fine when they were all together on the kitchen table . But when I put the main unit by a window and the remote sensor 20 feet away across the driveway , there was no reception . I opened the window -- still no reception . In order to get reception on the main unit , I also had to open the screen . Opening the window and the screen to get a temperature reading ? Not acceptable ! Needless to say , with several walls between the sensor in my unheated room and the main unit , there was no reception with that sensor either , despite being well within the 100 foot stated range . Thus , in my experience , there was about a 20 foot useable range , provided there was nothing but clear air in between , no glass , no window screens.The main unit came with a free sensor . Although the sensor was supposed to be able to work on any of the 3 available channels , it only worked on channel 1 . Of the other 2 sensors I purchased , one of them would only work on channel 1 or 2 . When I had the 3 sensors lined up with the main unit on the kitchen table , I got temperature readings that differed by as much as 3 degrees , although the specifications for the sensors say they are supposed to have a `` resolution '' of .2 degrees F. Thus , the sensors had n't received proper quality testing.The main unit has a clock that theoretically checks in with the national standard clock signal and updates the time automatically . Despite putting my unit directly beside a window , it never found the national standard clock in a week . It also never found the signal when I set it outdoors for an hour.The design of the main unit is lousy . In order to change the channel button , your hand wants to hold the unit steady with the palm while you stab at the channel button with your thumb . However , the entire top of the unit is the snooze/light button , which inteferes with the channel button if you happen to press it at the same time as you try to change channels . So then you need two hands to change channels , one to hold the unit steady , and one to press the button . But half the time I grasped the unit by the side so that I could press the front buttons , the battery case cover went flying off the back.The battery covers for the remote sensors are a bit inconvenient to remove . They require a very small Phillips head screwdriver to loosen the 4 screws . I guess designing the batter covers like this was supposed to provide some weatherproofing . Inside the cover is an additional thin strip of rubber inlaid around the batter compartment . In one of my sensors , the rubber strip had n't been seated properly.And what 's this about a pre-alarm in case of freezing ? Apparently , -LRB- if everything is working as it should -- ha ! -RRB- the unit has an alarm in case of frost . But this is a pre-alarm , not a real frost alarm . If it gets cold out sometime during the night and the temperature goes below freezing , it will ring the alarm in the morning 15-90 minutes earlier than usual . Hunh ? Maybe there are some climates where it only freezes every once in a while where such a feature might be useful . But I want to know if there is a frost , and I want the alarm to ring exactly when the frost happens -- or better yet , when the temperature drops to 33 F. Too bad the designers did n't think of that one.Thus , in my experience , this product was entirely a piece of junk . It did n't live up to the technical descriptions , and the quality control was abysmal . Honeywell should be ashamed to see their name on this product .
 Save your $ $ $ . The action on the unit is poorly designed . The handle loosens often and then the entire unit spins . The distribution of poison is uneven and hard to measure if the point has dirt stuck in it . I saw a very simple unit selling at Home Depot for $ 20 . Save your cash!After reading the above positive comment , I would guess he sells them . I am not confused or reviewing a different product . The double bolts he describes are exactly what loosens incessantly , so much so I must carry a pair of pliers in my pocket while using the item . As far as the price point is concerned , I can by 12 of the Home Depot units for one of the Gopher Getters . Just not cost effective .
 I bought this as replacement for a previous model . The new one was made with more plastic parts and less durable . The plastic part that controls the amount of material that is dispensed broke the very first time I used the item . Very disappointed !!!
 This is difficult to use , you need 3 hands and it shoots out so fast , would not buy again
 I used this spreader as a loaner from the feed store where I purchased fifteen 50 lb bags of fertilizer . It lasted for four bags and then the cheap plastic gear housing broke away from the cheap plastic base . I imagine this unit would be fine for seed and lighter material but I will be purchasing the heavier commercial spreader made by the same company .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 The architecture is great . Lots of leverage . Unfortunately , the second time I used them the blade broke . I had to send them back to Fiskars directly because there is only a short window to return them to Amazon .
 As far as the shears themselves go , they are very nice . I would say they are worth the $ 20 or so that I spent . I ordered them from Amazon , and it states that they are shipped by Amazon and that the condition is new . Well , the shears that I was shipped are clearly used . They have gashes in the blade and scrapes all over the inside of the handle . This is a concern , as I would n't mind used ones if I had n't paid for a new set .
 I saw a lot of great reviews but after just first cutting branches , I made a mistake to use this product.Pros :1 . Cutting good but just use for less than 1/8 '' branches or flowers only , not for real life job.Cons :1 . spring got lost while one of end of spring holder is broke off . Made of soft plastic or rubber handle with spring holder just not holding enough .2 . Shears keep jamming or stock at closed position and you constantly have to open shears .3 . grip is good but made of rubber type and keep hitting my fingers get hurts.RETURNING AND GETTING CLASSIC ONE .
 Had to return it . Instead of cutting my roses , the shears actually crushed the stems/branches . I am not about to sharpen a product I just bought .
 I ordered these and received them immediately . The safety would not latch . I returned them for a second pair via Amazon . The latch appeared to work , but after using them the latch would not rehook . They do work nicely but are dangerous when it he safety does not latch .
 The shears are fine but the lock mechanism was very difficult to get undone and wo n't go back into the locked position . So my shears are stuck open 24/7 . Not to handy for carrying or putting in your pocket .
 I purchased Fiskars 9124 Professional Bypass Pruning Shears based on good reviews in Amazon , but it failed after I finished pruning two rows of trees in my orchard . The upper blade has become completely dull and I had to replace it with another one . Very disappointed .
 It 's sharp and cuts well but had difficulty opening them the 1st time and am unable to re-close them as the ` catch ' is off a little bit .
 This product was for my wife - for pruning indoorsit is too big for her small handdo you have a smaller size or should i return itmark cooper
 Fits very tight on my Stihl and does not easily unwind when tapped . Also breaks very easily - usually 6-9 inch lengths just come off of the weedeater .
 The rack is fine , fairly sturdy . The cover , however , is a really cheap thin plastic that literally tore while I was tying it on the rack . By the end of the first winter it was in pieces . I recommend buying the rack without the cover and finding a cover elsewhere .
 The cover is worthless it will tear in a few days . The log frame is of good quality but do n't pay extra for the light gauge plastic cover .
 It 's okay , looks better in the pictures . Very cheap construction and cover is near useless and tore immediately in the wind .
 Purchased this cover at the same time I bought the Landmann 8 ' firewood rack . It will soon be headed to the garbage as soon as I get a better cover or a tarp . Have had only 2 months and is ripped so much I am using duct tape and logs to hold it together . Recommendation - do not use this cover if you plan on storing wood , or anything else you want protected from the elements . As the lowest rating allowed is one star that is all this product gets and is much more than it deserves .
 I bought one of these , and the wind put the first rip in it the day after I put it out . Once the weather got cold , it pretty much completely disintegrated . This might by the worse single product I 've ever paid money for . There is no way the people that designed and make these things did n't know how poor they were . I would be ashamed to have anything to do with producing and selling such a piece of garbage .
 I bought this cover thinking that it would be solid , sturdy and durable . I was completely wrong . This cover showed up slightly ripped , it was cheap plastic material . The tie downs seams where weak and tore when I tried to tie them together . And due to the fact that I spent so much money on this cover , I would be better off buying a cheap tarp and a couple of bungee cords . I would never recommend this product to anyone . Buyer beware . Do not buy this product at all .
 This product should be pulled from their product line . I installed this log cover over my 8 ' log rack and I was immediately disappointed when one of the ties ripped off . Ok I said I will live with this . A few nights later we had a storm which included winds -LRB- not too high , maybe 20-30mph -RRB- . After the storm I noticed that the Log cover was ripped in 3 places . I could not believe it . It was only a week old and this happened ? As I write this I am contacting Landman for a full refund . The product looks like a tarp that one may purchase from a hardware store but in fact it is not the same . It is much thinner and much weaker and thus can not stand up to outdoor weather . I do not recommend this product for anyone who has an outdoor log rack.Paul
 Landmann 8 ft log rack with cover . The rack is fine , however , the cover ripped as soon as the first wind came along , even with it tied with the attached ties . Had to tape it with duct tape . Very disappointing as the cover is essential to keep the wood dry . Could have bought it without the cover and bought a tarp instead .
 When I opened the box the rack was already rusted and dented in spots , I just packed it back up and sent it back . As always Amazon was great about refunding the money .
 Cheap plastic that rips into shreds like paper after only 1 season . Look elsewhere for a stronger material . Bad product , cheaply made . If I could give this zero stars I would , but the minimum is 1 star so I had to give it that high a rating .
 Cover ripped after first time undoing straps to access wood . I live in Chicago and the temperature was in the 40 's beginning of November and I went to undo straps and the cover ripped like a piece of paper . Can you imagine what would happen in January when it 's really cold and with snow ? This is the worst cover ever !! What a rip-off for $ 50 !!!!!
 '' '' '' '' '' '' '' ` Covers were not good ripped right away ! Should of not bought them on line . Could n't send them back to big and weight to much '
 We purchased this log rack and fitted cover and were hoping to get a good quality item . Not the case . The log rack is lightweight , but still seems to do the job OK . The cover on the other hand ripped the first time the temps dropped a bit and we had rain with some wind . It is now is totally ripped . The straps were the first thing that ripped off and the cover tore shortly after and is now ` blowing ' in the wind and we have to find a replacement tarp . If I had known how how cheaply the cover was made , I would have purchased a rack without the cover and purchased something more heavy duty . It seems as if the material cracked as soon as the temps dropped down to the 40s and the cracks then allowed for the material to tear even more . We have another rack of wood and that cover held out good , but it is not the same kind as this one , a lot heavier material .
 I 've purchased one like this before and it was close to perfect . This time however , it was short 4 bolts with washers and nuts . Had to run to the hardware store and paid $ 3.74 plus 1 hour of time to resolve it . Next , there were absolutely multiple places where rust was beginning to grow . `` Rust dust '' was in all plastic covered sections . Box looked old and worn like possibly even rained on before . I read the negative reviews in advance of this purchase but never thought it was going to happen to me . In short , I can not reccommend this product . Too big of a `` pain '' to wrap it up and return it , but I should . The UPS point of orignation was out of Indiana , if anyone cares , that is .
 The rack is great I but it together last week , stacked all the wood on it today , when I opened the cover it just ripped apart!Looks like it melted in places ! to late to return it so I will have to buy another cover .
 what more can i say than is in the title ? we got this and attempted to insert 2x4s into the little holes . they were TOO SMALL . HUH ? seriously landmann ? you must not have lived on the land too long ... . cause ` round here , 2x4s are a specific size ... . and these little black tubes are about 1/8 - 1/4 &#34; too small . yes , you can shave the ends of the boards to fit , but does n't that defeat the purpose of this easy set up ? we sent this back and got an all metal one . and the metal one WAS easy to set up . and it worked and will last a lot longer .
 I have the 8 foot rack setup on 6 concrete cinder blocks . Even with the stable foundation , the rack is very flimsy and I will be surprised if it is still standing next season . The 4 foot rack I bought from COSTCO was 3 times the weight of this 8 foot rack , but also three times the price . In this case , you get what you pay for .
 Cover is useless as just a little wind ripped it to shreds . The rack itself is ok and is to be seen how long it lasts . I tried to reach company and can not find how to contact as it was sold by amazon
 A rack is a rack , I suppose . . but they should really say outright that these things should ONLY go on concrete or heavy wood/bricks . Do n't even think about putting this on grass , it will sink into the ground and fall over .
 Rack is sturdy and easy to put together . Make sure you place on hard surface or set on bricks as the legs are very small and will simply sink into the earth when fully stacked . Cover lasted 7 months and was only exposed to sun and rain and did not make it to even see the snow season . I have the rack in a shaded area and the cover became incredibly brittle , I could only imagine how long it would have lasted in direct sunlight . Better off just buying the rack only and picking up a tarp at home depot .
 The Landmann 8ft Firewood Log Rack is a huge disappointment.I have n't even owned this rack for 30 days and the cover is already torn to pieces . I should have known because the cover ended up with small holes in several places after CAREFULLY putting the cover on the full rack about 3 weeks ago . The rack is in a protected location with little wind . After our first snow several days ago , the entire side began separating from the top each time I opened the cover to fetch more logs . Now I see that there is a huge rip on the other side too.It 's too early to tell how the rack itself will hold up , but I do n't have high expectations . The design seems flimsy and I 'm afraid the hollow tubes will end up rusting through and/or falling apart in a season or two . Would not purchase again . Unfortunately , we did not keep the original box . It 's bad enough that I would unstack the wood so that I could return the rack .
 I purchased 6 of these log racks to hold my firewood for the upcoming season . first off I will say assembly is relatively easy if you use a ratchet but the unit does n't always line up properly which is a recipe for disaster . These units as common sense would dictate need to be placed on 100 % level land but because of the uneven assembly and also issues with some legs not touching the ground due to poor craftsmanship I have had full loads tumble to the ground more times than I care to remember . re-Stacking a fallen 1/2 cord is no fun in January . These units collectively lasted 2 years before I got so disgusted that I gave them away for free , I could n't in good concience sell them . Also , do n't expect these covers to last more than like a month , as soon as a stragling piece of wood catches on it you will have a rip these covers are very cheap . The units rusted as well after the first year . If anything I would suggest getting pallets from a local warehouse , sometimes they just give them away or will charge like 20-30 dollars for one , 2 pallets will be a full cord if stacked 4 feet high . Save your money these racks are not worth the frustration .
 The Landmann fire wood log rack was average , at best . It is easy to put together , however the frame is not that sturdy . Worst of all is the `` cover '' they sent with it . After one decent storm with wind , the cover was torn into shreds . I would not recommend this product .
 I bought this rack for the nice fitting cover . From day one , the cover started to tear . After four months and a recent snow storm , it 's completely shredded leaving my firewood exposed and covered with snow .
 The metal had the screw holes punched about 4 inches lower on the one side . I had to drill new holes to put it together . This looks like a good deal until the cover gets cold and rips into 10 pieces . Do yourself a favor and get one with out the cover then buy a tarp or spend the money for a real cover
 The covers are a JOKE !! They are so flimsy they started to rip just comming out of the package . Then all it took was a minor breeze to continue the destruction and they became garbage . The racks are a good option for the money but make sure they are on hard ground or the feet will sink in and the whole thing will fall over .
 I purchased this item thinking it was the best they had to offer . Mainly , it was because this product offered a cover . Let me just say that although the rack itself was ok and I had no issue with it , the cover to this item is A PIECE OF CRAP ! It ripped the first day we got it from the wind blowing . The purpose of this cover , is to cover wood outside . Clearly , it can NOT handle that . I expected this cover to hold up like my webber grill cover and had I known this cover was so cheap I NEVER would have purchased this item . If you are purchasing this item because of the cover , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !
 The package arrive relatively quickly . But it did NOT contain the nuts and bolts to assemble the rack in spite of the packing list describing these materials . I called customer service at Landmann yesterday and again today only to get a tape loop telling me that I can do this on line and that everyone is too busy to talk to me now . Yesterday my wife left a voice mail . They did NOT call back . So , today I went to the hardware store to purchase these materials ; however , I the bolts I bought are , unfortunately , too short . Now it will be another trip to the hardware store and added annoyance . I accept that errors can occur but having to deal with this companies `` customer service '' is a genuine problem . I had hoped for very much better . If all the proper materials had been enclosed in the package as was supposed to be , I think the rack itself would have been fine . But , this scenario has turned out to be a big hassle , making this a bad experience and leaving me very dissatisfied . I now have a cord of wood dumped in my driveway that I ca n't put away because I ca n't assemble this rack . Regrettably , this company does not seem to value customers . Instead , it just seems to be focused on sales .
 The rack is sturdy and bolts together without difficulty . As other reviewers have noted , the feet are too narrow , so you will want to put down and level three 16 '' PT 2x4 bases , but that 's to be expected . The disappointment is the cover . It is thin plastic and will not last more than about a year . Get the rack , and then buy an 8x10 tarp for the cover.Update
 The racks work great but the cover is junk . They rip right out of the box ; do n't expect the covers to last any longer than 1 season .
 At the end of the day these things are pretty straight forward . There 's not a lot of rocket science to them
 The rack is built well . But there estimate of holding nearly 1 cord of wood is far off the mark . It ca n't hold 1/2 cord . So if you have a cord sitting in your driveway , I would buy at least two .
 When I viewed this rack on the web I thought maybe the 16g steel would be thick enough to hold 1/2 cord of wood upright during a PA winter . When the package arrived , I took one look at the un-open box and shipped it right back.Folks , let 's get real here . If you 're going to store a 1/2 cord of wood outside , during the winding winter months , heavy spring rains this product is not for you . If you are going to store a 1/2 cord of wood in the garage or near a wall , fence on a level floor that can block the wind from tipping this rack over , then buy this rack.The issue is balance , or should I say lack of balance.Needless to say , you get what you pay for . I decided to go with the 1/2 cord Woodhaven rack . For $ 200 , I got piece of mind that I would not wake up one morning and find my stack logs tipped over.Life is too short .
 If you live in New England this may NOT be the rack for you . The cover is a thin vinyl or plastic material with ties . In snow and ice how can you expect anyone to struggle trying to untie it without ripping or you freezing !!? I ended up using bungie cords to keep the cover on . Some of the screws were missing to put it together .
 Simple construction . Little awkward to assemble . Do n't get the cover with it . Piece of junk . Thin plastic ripps and extremaly brittle when cold .
 I got another 8 foot Landmann firewood rack with cover and found that last year 's substantial cover with zippers has been replaced with a flimsy vinyl cover that will not last through the first wind . The tie strings have already pulled out of the cover . I would return this whole rack if it was n't already filled with firewood . Aaarrgghh !
 When ordering this I should have paid more attention to the difference between the two pictures that the company posted and then read more of the reviews . I missed the review that talked about the quality decreasing . I was expecting a nice cover with velcro and zippers , but got a cheep cover that just ties and started ripping the first time I put it on . I am just hoping the rack lasts a while but fearing it wont . Both pictures have the cover baring the company name but what came does n't even have that !
 This unit is poorly designed and poorly made . It does go together easily and the finish was fine -LRB- black paint covered everything evenly and did not scratch off if handled with moderate care -RRB- , but the steel used is thin and the hardware of mediocre quality . Worse , it is narrow , resulting in inherent instability . Unit was placed to minimize instability but it still failed when the feet on one side bent -LRB- thin steel and poor hardware -RRB- and a nearly full load of wood fell over , almost on the person adding a few logs.Not suitable for even medium duty use and product liability case waiting to happen . Possibly adequate as decorative unit or to stage small number of logs -LRB- could use 4 ' version -RRB- nearer to fireplace , but not suitable as advertised - &#34; 8-foot wood rack ; stores nearly &#65533; cord of woodKeeps firewood stable , safe , and off of the ground away from dampness and bugsMade of strong tubular steel for optimal durability and supportIncludes all hardware for easy assembly ; weatherproof powder coating resists rustMeasures 96 by 48 inches to fit on porch , deck , under eaves &#34; No way suitable for cord of wood - maybe balsa . &#34; stable , safe &#34; - neither - in fact had this fallen over with a child rather than the adult who was next to it and able to jump out of the way a trip to the hospital was in the works . &#34; strong tubular steel for ... durability and support &#34; - did not last one loading so any claim of strong and durable is stretch.Yes , all hardware in package , not hard to assemble and coating was fine.Yes , 96 by 48 inches , but problem is that it is narrow , meaning it will tip over . Keep kids away from this .
 Like others who 've reviewed this product , this is the second Landmann rack and cover that I 've ordered . The first rack and cover , ordered in 2010 , was nice . The rack was nothing fancy but it did the job . The cover had velcro straps that secured the cover to the rack . There were two zippered flaps for accessing either side of the wood . This cover has held up extremely well over the last year in crazy Oklahoma weather.When I ordered and received the second rack and cover , I was almost immediately disappointed . The rack was pretty much the same . It 's fully loaded with a rick of wood now and no problems so far . The cover is an entirely different story . This new cover is , in a word , crap . Instead of velcro straps , it ties on to the rack . The entire cover is cheap - the straps easily tear off the cover . The cover itself tears incredibly easy . We 've probably had our rack for all of three months and the cover is already no good . And the cover has only been out in the weather since after this Thanksgiving . After finding that the cover had blown off and exposed our entire rick of wood to the rain last night , and then ripping the cover to shreds trying to put it back on , this thing is going into the trash and I 'll be moving the rick of wood to our other rack with a good cover.In short - decent rack , crappy cover . Do n't buy a Landmann cover if it does n't have velcro and zippers .
 I bought this . It is not worth $ 9 much less $ 39 . The ties tore off and the wood poked holes in it , and all of that happened the first time we put it over wood in the rack . The cover is not as thick as a tarp from my local hardward store .
 When I received this product , the steel tubes were already showing signs of rust . As other reviewers had pointed out , the cover is thin - well , you can say that again , it is a piece of junk . It ripped in the first 2 days , and it is in a protected area . It was as if the cold weather turned it into paper and it basically ripped in half . So , technically the rack is holding the wood I stacked on it , but that is about all it is good for . Definitely buy a proper cover if you need one .
 The unit arrived very fast , but was missing three small parts . I am waiting to hear back from Amazon concerning the parts . I believe you can find a better unit for $ 40.00 .
 The cover tears if you look at it too hard . The ties break at the slightest stress . The rack is not bad , but the cover is worst than a cheap shower curtain .
 The fabric works well at protecting wood from moisture . However , one of the three zippers broke after three uses . The zipper pull simply came off , leaving the closed zipper in place without any way of opening . Unfortunate because otherwise it 's a great product .
 I ordered two of these racks about two months ago . They were pretty nice with the Landman logo screened on the end rails and on the cover . The rails were a nice quality black finish . This prompted me to order two more and took delivery on them about three weeks ago . Totally different rack . The bottom rails were rusting through the incredibly thin , flat finish , no logo on the rails or the covers . The covers were a poorer grade than the first two I received to the point that one of them ripped up the side while covering the rack , using no force whatsoever . You can tell the difference in the materials just buy looking and feeling them . I would have said to buy these two months ago but now I say to buy American . These are not worth the money any longer .
 Since these covers work -LRB- cover your wood from the elements that is -RRB- until it gets cold , I guess they deserve 1 star . However , once it gets cold and snow/ice starts , forget it . They rip VERY EASILY . Do n't even think of using the zipper in the cold weather . Its infinitely easier to rip the cover , and you will if you try to use the zipper . I had two of these covers . Put them on my wood in October , and the first one went in the garbage in December , the second in February . On a lighter note , when the first one ripped , I left a piece of the tarp outside -LRB- did n't get it all off the rack -RRB- and later I saw a squirrel running in my backyard with a piece of the tarp !! Go get yourself a middle of the road tarp locally . You 'll be supporting your local retailers , and save yourself some aggravation and $ $ $ .
 Rack is fine . Same as one I bought in the early 1980 's and still in use . Fitted cover is made of the cheapest material possible and shredded in 2 to 3 days .
 The cover is an absolute joke . I can not believe that this company has any quality standards whatsoever . I purchased this because it had a cover . I went to tie it to the rack and it ripped , like tissue paper . Then it ripped again . Then the wind hit it and it shredded . I am still amazed that this thing got past any quality control .
 No star ratingI had purchased a Landmann firewood rack in the past . The rack that I received in this order had three pieces for each end ; these pieces were to be bolted together . Thus this item is misleadingly advertised as I expected each end to be one piece , as in a previous order.I have never returned anything to Amazon and I do n't know how involved is the process , so I grudgingly kept it .
 Bought adjustable firewook rack from Landmann USA 82424 . It was described as 4 foot high and in the picturers on line shows one continuous pipe , when the rack arrived it had two pieces for both ends with bolts to hold them together . The picture on line and on the box are misleading to the quality that I was looking for . PLEASE DO NOT USE PICTURES THAT MISREPRESENTED YOUR PRODUCT!Mike
 I bought this about a year ago . Looking at it I quickly realized that this was not `` my Dad 's broadcast spreader '' . It is almost 100 % plastic . Looks cheap and is cheap . But the end of one season , and having used it for only 4-5 times on my average to small size lawn , the wheels began to lock up . So when I went out to drop my first load of fertilizer this season , it totally broke . The axle and rotating spreader completely broke . I have contacted Scott 's and they say they will reimburse . I would recommend a more sturdy brand , Good luck .
 Spreader worked okay . However , broke beyond repair after 1.5 seasons of use . The metal frame bent when pushing it across my lawn .
 Ca n't believe you had the same experience , mine worked ok on Fescue but would n't work on Zoysia grass . I wrote a review under the Scott 's Basic model name , they have now changed the name to Scott Standard model ; it is the same unit .
 I ca n't find a chute for a 32 '' deck.I tried to get Sears to give me a part number with no luck . They do n't know anything . I looked here and found two chutes . I took a chance on the one that had no reviews saying it was for the 48 '' hoping it fit the 32 . It does n't . so I am down 24 bucks in shipping cost for trying .
 Three years ago , I purchased a Stihl pruning saw that had a blade manufactured by Fiskars
 We use a lot of pruning saws for trail building . I have probably bought a dozen in the past few years . We normally cut through hardwoods like manzanita , oak and Madrone . We have been using the 6 inch sliding Fiskars saws and they work well . I do prefer the folding blade like the 7 inch features because it does n't loosen up and slide when you are sawing like the 6 inch model . Also it would have been nice to have the extra inch of saw blade for larger limbs.Well after failing to get through a small pine with this saw we threw it out . The cutting ability was absolutely terrible - nowhere near the 6 inch . Unfortunately the 7 inch model is not even worth carrying in the pack . We ordered 2 more of the 6 inch saws . Fiskars should check their manufacturing sources as this product is nowhere near worthy of the brand which we have mostly found to be excellent .
 Cuts poorly , the teeth jam up with wood particles . I have been happy with other Fiskar products , but this one is a turkey . Do n't waste your money .
 This folding saw does not cut very well . It took 4 minutes to cut through a 1 inch branch of fresh wood .
 I purchased the Fiskars folding saw because of my excellent experience with a previous Fiskars folding saw . The blade of the one a purchased recently is of poor qualty in that the blade is particulary blunt on one side of the blade and jams in the saw cut in the brancj being cut .
 Does not cut well . Blade clogs and requiresa lot of effort even though it is comfortable in your hand.Not the old Fiskars quality blade !
 I was disappointed in the quality of this saw . The blade would barely cut . The teeth had been spread too far apart so I pushed them closer together with pliers to create a thinner kurf . This helped some but was still slow . I was surprised with Fiskars , usually top quality tools . They should stay away from selling low quality items even if the price is cheap . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This axe , while it may be the darling of those who insist that all objects be small and lightweight , is completely useless . It 's too small . It was n't that sharp out of the package . And , it would barely chop a 1/2 '' branch . That makes it useless . Better to get a real hatchet , 14 '' -17 '' long , with which you can split wood by swinging it . The positive reviews about this product were totally misleading , the whole point of an axe is the momentum you gather as you swing it . Otherwise , it has to be knife sharp , which it was not . It 's also not heavy enough . If I wanted it for backpacking I 'd still get the hatchet size and hang it from the backpack . I 'm not an axe expert , but neither are the reviewers who rave about this tool , and I do n't think it takes a certain skill either . It 's just the wrong size for anything you 'd want to use an axe for .
 Fiskars 8-Inch Hatchet is very dangerous . You can cut off a limb or a protrusion from a hand if you do n't know how to use this . The level of training it takes to competently instate yourself with the knowledge of `` Hatchet chopping '' is about 2 years.Most people pick this up for recreational use at the local fish pond or RV camp and meet disastrous results , which result in the trip to the local hospital ward . I can not endorse a Hatchet that is so flauntingly dangerous . If you need wood , you can buy it somewhere or hire a vagrant to cut it from a forest.I implore you , Do not use this!UPDATE : I 've documented numerous cases where the use of the Hatchet has produced a variety of injuries , ranging from simple cuts to the loss of a limb.UPDATE # 2 : Certain counties in Louisiana have banned the Hatchet.UPDATE # 3 : Many films have glorified the use of Hatchets in murder complots . Hatchet -LRB- 2006 -RRB- , The Baby -LRB- 1973 -RRB- , Hatchet for the Honeymoon -LRB- 1970 -RRB- , Blood Night
 Fiskars 8-Inch Hatchet is very dangerous . You can cut off a limb or a protrusion from a hand if you do n't know how to use this . The level of training it takes to competently instate yourself with the knowledge of `` Hatchet chopping '' is about 2 years.Most people pick this up for recreational use at the local fish pond or RV camp and meet disastrous results , which result in the trip to the local hospital ward . I can not endorse a Hatchet that is so flauntingly dangerous . If you need wood , you can buy it somewhere or hire a vagrant to cut it from a forest.I implore you , Do not use this!UPDATE
 I disagree with the other review on this . It 's not in fact built like a tank . So , the `` substantial '' weight of this product is in the iron grate only . The copper basin is about as thin as it probably could get . I 'd say it weights 2 pounds or so . In fact , mine arrived with a large dent which , thanks to the thinness , I could push back with one finger . It 's overpriced for what you get , but appears to be functional for a patio . I 'd say get the screen because the grate is flush with the top of the copper bowl , so the logs will have nothing to contain them if they tumble out . To me , this is a $ 150 Pier One Imports quality item
 This pool cover is cheaply woven blue plastic strands that are just like the cheap blue tarps you can buy at a hardware store - definitely not good enough for a pool cover . We requested return authorization two weeks before the return window expired and Cal Splash denied the return , stating that their product description indicated that the product shipped may vary from the product shown . We never even removed the cover from the box after seeing the material it was constructed from . I have filed a complaint with the BBB regarding this . There is no reason in the world that they should not accept the return .
 I do n't know if I like the product or not as I never recived it . I paid for it but never got it . They tell Fedex delivered it but they did n't deliver it to me . I used to like Amazon.com , but now I do n't think I 'll order from them again unless this is taken care of . I want a pool cover or my money back . I prefer the pool cover . Freda Boroughf
 I purchased one of these at Home Depot about a month ago and finally went to used it two days ago . Beside the fact that the thing was rolled up and difficult to straighten out to use , I did so and connected it to the hose and turned the water on . Within a minute , the hose had a blow out right in front of the connection and was like a geyser at one end . Needless to say , it would not work for the thin section of my lawn I purchased it for . I returned it and they let me exchange it for a new one . Took it home and tested it immediately . Same thing happened so I returned it for a refund . What a terrible product .
 The whole machine is well enough built except for the most important part ... the gearbox . Mine is plastic . I 'm not sure if they have changed the design at all -LRB- it looks like it might be different in the picture -RRB- , but the gearbox in the one i bought a few years ago is all plastic . It very quickly wears out if you put even 60 lbs worth of stuff in the hopper , never mind 125 lbs . Then you are left with a piece of junk that does n't work very well because the axle is no longer straight . It also is not made to be serviced at all . No screws or anything . Just throw it out and buy a new one when it stops working after a couple seasons . I 'm looking for an alternative with a properly designed gearbox .
 This product was shipped in a flimsy box that is totally unsuitable for the product . Upon delivery , the box had been crumpled in several places , and the tub was dented.The assembly instructions are cryptic and the design is very poor . When assembled this wheelbarrow lists a bit to one side . I called the manufacturer 's hotline for assistance , and they quickly brushed me off telling me that I would need to speak with Amazon . The only reason that I am not sending it back is because I do not want to go through the hassle of getting a large sturdy box to ship it back . The original box is unusable.As for the performance , it is a poor product , certainly not professional quality , and I have a feeling that I would need to replace this wheelbarrow soon . It certainly will not be another Ames product
 This was advertised as being ` heavy duty ' for contractors . I believe they may have pulled the homeowner version and shipped to me . Handles are weak and supports are thin . This is a $ 49 wheelbarrow .
 This wheelbarrow might be good for light-duty tasks , but anytime I have put a normal-sized load -LRB- sand , cement , or even dirt and compost -RRB- the wheel bows to either side , and the wheelbarrow tips uncontrollably . The thin metal stand is too weak to support even an 80 lb load properly , especially over bumpy ground . Another problem with this wheelbarrow , is that once you tip the contents , the metal piece in front of the wheel pushes back against the wheel , locking it in place . All of these problems exist even after I have made repeated attempts to tighten the bolts and made sure the tire pressure was correct.After receiving a 6 yard load of compost this weekend , I had the worst time struggling to keep this wheelbarrow upright , even with loads that were only half full . But the most frustrating part was that the wheel bent under a normal-sized load when I was half-way done , and I was n't able to finish the job.Bottom line
 I bought these loppers based on the positive reviews here . These things are goofy to use with this ratching system . My family had a landscaping company for years and went thru a bunch of loppers and these are probably the worst I 've ever used . Maybe it 's just the ratching system that I 'm not used to but I would n't recommend these loppers .
 Neat concept but this is not a heavy duty lopper . In order to telescope the handle is hollow . Both handles bent on the 2nd use . Add a little cash and get something better .
 Shipping cost is stated as $ 87.52 for a shade which costs $ 53.93 ! NO FREAKING WAY ! shipping cost is based on weight , $ .97 / lb . weight stated as 87 lb . Surely this is a mistake , maybe 8.7 lb . @ .97 = $ 8.44 shipping cost would be more like it !
 I purchased 3 of these roll-up shades and installed them on my deck . The difference is tremendous . It took the blaring sun from making our deck brutally unuseable to being very useable during the afternoon and evenings . It also makes a world of difference as to the amount of sun that was beating in through our French doors into our home . We can now leave our doors open and enjoy the breeze coming in without the sun heating up the room or shing in our eyes . We are so glad to have found them . .
 I returned this unit for exchange because it was the wrong size . Never received the exchange or a refund .
 The fabric is quite acceptable . It does exactly as is represented . However , the design needs much improvement . With the least amount of wind , i.e. , breeze , the shade will not properly roll up . Also , the straps holding the pole in place -LRB- at the bottom of the shade -RRB- easily slip off . The shade and the pole are then free to do as they please ; in my case , the pole fell to the ground , and the shade flapped in the breeeze . The pole however , is quite capable of smashing into anything within reach . A fine product for a zero wind area .
 We have a Coolaroo shade on our picture window . It is high quality fabric , fastens down well , and we can see outside but light is still well blocked . When I ordered a couple of Coolaroo shades , thinking I would receive the same quality product , I was appalled when I actually received and opened the packages . I think it would probably work better to go to a local Home Depot or Walmart and purchase some of their shade cloth and tack it over the window . These shades have the same type of fabric as the bulk rolls of shade cloth sold everywhere . It 's floppy and does not lie down properly unless it is tightly stretched and fastened down . It will not be possible to view the outside well through these shades . The shades also are cheaply made in every other way . I doubt the plastic parts will hold up well in hot climates . The plastic bar at the bottom of the shade wants to slide right out and the fasteners for that bar are plastic and poorly designed .
 Got the Speedy-Weedy and immediately took it out to try . My yard is ordinary soil , no clay , adobe , or rocks . It worked swell for about 15 minutes , pulled 15 dandelions . On the 16th weed it started acting funny , way too easy to rotate . I examined the tip , where the prongs join to the shaft . A yellow , thin , PLASTIC housing ferrule joins the prongs to the shaft , and that 's what broke . Two of the prongs were mashed against the other two , making it useless . The prongs are sturdy 1/4-inch-thick steel , the shaft is sturdy aluminum , the handle is solid , but the thin plastic ferrule is garbage.Good concept , poor execution .
 The four steel prongs are indestructible , but unfortunately they 're attached to the handle by a flimsy piece of plastic . This tool works OK for small weeds , but if you encounter anything with a thick root the plastic ca n't take the strain and breaks , rendering the tool useless . This happened to me yesterday .
 Wish I had returned it right away . In the lawn it takes too large of a clump . have not found it very effective in flower beds . The reviews that influenced me to purchase were very positive so perhaps it is my technique . I will try again but so far not impressed .
 These looked and felt as if they would work well and hold up for a few seasons ; but not so . After medium work load , one of the blade tips broke off . This was after only a month of use -LRB- on the weekends -RRB- . It was a 2-inch branch we were cutting , so it was at their rated limit . Still , the metal blade should not have snapped off as I do n't feel we were misusing the tool in any way -LRB- such as twisting it during the cutting process -RRB- . Perhaps they are better suited for lighter work .
 I had used these loppers less than one month to trim crape myrtle branches . The bottom blade broke in two pieces . The blaeds are not all metal . They are only coated with metal . I have always trusted the Toro name , but no more . This is a very cheaply made tool . I would not advise buying it .
 These were awesome while they lasted but blade broke on 3rd use . I ca n't recomend them anymore . This is an updated review .
 When you look at the Photo you see Black Lettering on white Back GroundWhat did they send?Red printing on white back ground.Whoul not have purchased if I knew that .
 Nice idea , but the plastic cracked in multiple places . Simply unable to handle anything other than light loads at warm temperatures .
 The saw blade broke the first time I used it , just snapped in half on a small branch ? It is pretty , but very brittle , glad I did n't get hurt using it . I bought a real one at the store after that , and have had no problems , would n't recommend the Toro Saw to anyone ... they should stick to mowers .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 Black & Decker 18-Volt Cordless Electric Chain Saw #CCS 818received this item from amazon friday june 6,2008 and filled it with oil . all the oil leaked out the bottom in 5 minutes contacted the help desk who had zero product knowledge `` a supervisor will call you '' they never did sent online inquiry `` we will rush you a new oil tank cap '' ! oil leaked out bottom where there is n't any cap therefore their solution is n't a solution no chain saw to use for my projects . . no solution in hand will return this `` oily saw '' somehow not a good product to order online as it 's difficult to get fixed and a `` mess '' to return i made a big mistake on this one
 I agree with the other low-raters . This is almost toy-like in its wimpiness . The battery cycle is extremely limited and the chain dulls readily . I would have already returned it if I had n't let the return period lapse . I would not buy it again and will think twice before buying another B&D battery-operated item .
 Just to let anyone who might be interested in this product know that this poor excuse for a chainsaw should say by Mattel or Fisher-Price because this is just a toy . I 'm not the backwoods redneck who wants to chop down a forest , I just had a few saplings that have gotten out of hand that I wanted to clean up . I have purchased other Black & Decker items that I really liked so I thought this would be great for me . What I found when I opened the box was a blade about half the length of a real chainsaw and very cheap , lightweight , flimsy plastic housing . I knew right then I should pack it back up and return it but decided to give it a chance . I plugged the battery and charger in for a day , put the chainsaw together and the next week walked outside to cut down my first tree -LRB- about 8 inches around -RRB- it has yet to come down . I have my wedge cut in the front of the tree . I still have to cut the backside for it to fall . Each cut has completely drained the battery . Each cut also took a good 20 minutes . So not only does it have no power it has no durability . Outside of trimming some hedges I 'm not sure what the intended purpose of this piece of junk is .
 This chainsaw has the power , cutting speed , and weight of a reciprocating saw , which frankly has many more uses . Its real battery life , i.e. chain-moving-cutting-wood is about 3 minutes . I have two batteries and they are about the same , the worst of any battery tool I own . Battery recharging is an absurd 8 hours . Contrast that with a Dewalt reciprocating saw -LRB- Dewalt is owned by Black & Decker ! -RRB- which has a cutting time of about 20 minutes and a recharge of under an hour . I can not recommend this chainsaw , but you know what to buy instead .
 This is the first electric chain saw I 've used - and it will be the last . It took me three days to cut a couple fallen tree branches -LRB- 15 ' long ,8 '' diameter -RRB- into fire logs . Yes ... three days . The battery pack lasted just long enough to make about 3 cuts - then it needed to be recharged . My recommendation - if you can handle a gas mower - stick with it . If not , stock up on battery packs - because you 're going to need them for this chainsaw . As for me , I 'm going back to gas .
 saw works fine.as advertised , it will leak oil all over the place where ever it 's left.after one cycle on the battery - battery is dead and will not take a charge . saw is now worthless .
 Too weak and slow to cut more than a one inch thick branch . A manual saw cuts faster and with less force .
 I would describe the Black & Decker 18V Cordless Chain Saw as a toy if it were any fun at all to use . Unfortunately , it is neither fun to use nor a real chain saw . It will put a nice score on the branch you 're trying to cut , but in the end you 'll have to go get your hand saw to finish the job.If you need a chain saw , buy a real gas-powered chain saw .
 this saw will take longer to cut a 2x4 then using a hand saw , just a total waste of money , if you are able to cut more then 5 2x4 's on one charge consider yourself lucky
 I cut two very small branches , & it just stopped running , I did everything the manual said before using , then kaput ! Now I set waiting for a replacement , another 8-10 days , by then there will be snow , cold , off shore things ar n`t the same as made in the god `` ole '' USA . I hope the replacement will be fine , I purchased this saw based upon 40 great reviews , hmmm I wonder ???
 Problem is that item is not compatable with Australian electrical supply . You should advise purchasers that such items can not be used in countries that do not have the appropriate power supply
 IN ORDER TO CUT A 12 '' FALLEN STUMP AT THE FOREST PRESERVE , IT TAKES -LRB- 3 -RRB- THREE FULLY CHARGED 18 VOLT BATTERIES TO MAKE THE ONE CUT . I HAVE SPENT MANY WEEKENDS CUTTING ALL THE FALLEN STUMPS IN THE WAY ON OUR LOCAL TRAILS IN OUR LOCAL FOREST PRESERVE JUST TO GET EVEN SOME OF IT CLEARED . DO N'T FORGET THE CHAIN OIL . UNDERPOWERED . IF ANYONE WANTS MORE THAN THE MOST BASIC CUTTING , THEY SHOULD GO WITH GAS !!!!!!!!!!!
 I 've been pleased with other B&D 18v products - esp the drill - but this is a complete waste of money and time , even for the lightest yard cutting job that other reviewers note . Especially difficult if you are working with green wood - and what light cutting work does n't include green branches/small live trunks ? The saw does n't really cut - it tears and chews and consistently kicks back , no matter the chain tension . The leaking the other reviewers pointed out is more than annoying - you end up going through much more oil than is necessary . PLEASE learn from my mistake and avoid this truly awful product !
 Nice looking , well designed product . Those are the good things . Battery life leaves a lot to be desired . Could only get about thirty minutes of cutting time . Speaking of charge , it REALLY needs a quick charger . Once the battery runs down , you are without the saw for about eight to ten hours . I needed a small , light weight saw to carry in a back pack and this is NOT it .
 I purchased the chainsaw at the end of March . As a female , and elderly , I knew I would not be able to handle the ones powered by gasoline . The size , weight , and concept are perfect . After cutting down one small tree , I had to stop and undo the screws and replace the chain on its track . After cutting down the second tree , had to stop and undo the screws and replace the chain on its track . When I started cutting down the third tree , a kink in the chain stopped everything . I drove to Lowe 's , Walmart , and Home Depot and although they handle the saw , they do not handle replacement chains . I came home exhausted and called the number on the manual . The attitude of the young man was `` who cares . '' There is only one place in my area that handles a replacement chain and that is at their service center which is approximately 40 miles from my home . They wanted $ 8.50 for shipping and $ 9.95 plus tax for the chain . I was very upset . So I will have to plan to leave early from work one day and drive to pick one up . This is the worst product that I have used made by Black & Decker . The chain is a real problem . Had I been able to pick one up at a retailer , I would not have been as upset but wasting my afternoon trying to locate a chain only to learn from Black & Decker that the only place I can locate a replacement chain is from them and they are so far from my home . Save your money . This is a two thumbs down for the chainsaw and Black & Decker 's customer service .
 We recently purchased this through Amazon . The chain saw leaks oil terribly - it 's awful . Plus , it was missing the needed Allen wrench tool that was supposed to come with it.It cuts ok but be prepared to store carefully . I would not put oil in the holder - we 'll be doing what another reviewer said - mannually oiling the chain from now on .
 The chain saw simply would not do what I expected , even on small logs . Very slow to cut . I have a reciprocating Black & Decker ; 18 volt cordless saw that will do what the chain saw did and do it better , esp . on small diameter logs.Of all the items I have purchased from Amazon , I think this is my first return . I am impressed with Amazon 's service and it gives confidence in making future purchases with Amazon . They gave me no hassle about returning the item and were prompt when I corresponded with them via email .
 I thought that this little saw would be a good alternative for a 65 year old woman who wanted to trim and/or cut down small trees . I was wrong . After charging the saw for the required number of hours , I proceeded to attempt to cut down a small dead tree . Any necessary preliminary branch trimming was done with a small bow saw , so the only cutting that this saw did was the necessary cuts to fell the tree . Well , I had to finish with the bow saw to even get the tree down because the Black & Decker ran out of juice . Granted , dogwood is pretty hard wood , but it made me think about the people who wrote the 4 & 5 star reviews on this product . Were they cutting down 1 inch pine sapplings or what ? I gave it a second chance
 I bought this saw to cut firewood for me and my son . I have several B&D cordless tools that use the same battery that work great , including a line trimmer . I figured with the extra batteries I had , I could cut all the wood I wanted in one session . My intentions was to go out to our city 's brush pile occasionally to cut smaller limbs -LRB- around 2-3 inch diameter -RRB- . My reasoning was to avoid gumming up the carb of a gas chain saw by letting it set for extended periods of time . The first -LRB- and only -RRB- time I took out my cordless chainsaw , with the chain properly tightened , and oiled , and a fresh fully charged battery , I put the saw to wood on a small , green limb . After nearly 30 seconds of putting as much pressure as I could put on the saw without bogging it down , I cut about a quarter of an inch gash in the limb . Luckily , I bought this saw from a reputable internet dealer who not only allowed me to return it , but also picked up the tab for the return shipping . DO NOT BUY THIS SAW !
 I thought the light weight and size would make this a perfect compliment to my B&D tools . The problem is keeping the chain on . I cut just a little then have to use the Allen wrench provided , take it apart at replace the chain . Over and Over . uugghhh This is the only B&D tool I 've not been happy with . Oh , and it leaks oil all over the place .
 The chainsaw worked weel the first time I used it . The main thing to remember is that the 8 inch length of the saw is very short and is really only good for pruning small brances , not for cutting down trees or large logs for firewood .
 Maybe I got a defective item . The battery life is too short for me . It takes a long time to charge like the other review said but for me , it dies in less than an hour . I am going to return this product.The saw is fine . It does the job . I just hope the battery life can be better .
 I have the B&D 18V hedgetrimmer , weedeater , and cordless broom and love them all . But the chainsaw is a different story . The chain constantly comes off and is almost impossible for one person to put back on . It does n't help that the oil leaks all over the entire saw making it difficult to hold on to when adjusting chain . It has a significant kickback so use with care .
 The saw works and is adequate for the job I had in mind for it , however I was expeting the battery to last longer . It cut 10-15 pieces of 4 '' wood .
 Good points
 Considering how much of a toy it felt and looked like pulling it out of the box , i was surprised and impressed with how quickly the 1st cut went through a solid but dead 10 '' maple tree I recently sectioned . Unfortunately half way through the 4th cut the battery was dead . At that point I was -LRB- and still am -RRB- a little disappointed with both the engineering and marketing of this tool . A chainsaw , by design , is for rough cutting relatively large diameter lumber quickly and efficiently . They advertise 150 cuts of 1 1/2 '' diameter wood per battery , but that obviously does n't tell you a whole lot , and in retrospect , if you 're looking to saw 1 1/2 '' limbs , you do n't need a chainsaw . A good bow saw will make very short work of them , or if you have to have a battery powered tool , consider a reciprocating saw , as they will make more cuts , more precisely , cleaner -LRB- useful on live trees -RRB- , and be useful for cutting other types of materials as well . Bottom line , this thing is light , cheap -LRB- in more ways than one -RRB- , quiet , easy to use , and cuts reasonably well , but its battery life is way too short to be useful as a true chainsaw . If they tripled the battery capacity and made a 20 minute charger for it , it would be a useful tool , but as is , a gas powered , or corded version is necessary to get most true chainsaw type work done .
 Unfortunately I listened to the 4 and 5 star ratings instead of the 1 stars . I needed a small saw to prune my fruit trees instead of hand sawing . It 's great for getting into small places , but that 's where it ends . It 's so small and lite it bounces off the intended cut and scares ajoining branches . It also left rough cuts that I had to fix with my hand saw . And as far as lasting power ; non existent . My second mistake in purchasing this saw , was buying an extra battery and chain . I plan on using my reciprocating saw to finish my trees . If anyone has ever planted fruit trees , their like your babies . You make sure nothing hurts them , and this saw did just that . I do n't know what kind of trees these reviewers are cutting to give this saw such a great rating , but it sure is ` nt fruit trees . I have an 18 '' Husk , so I know how to cut trees . With the money I 've already spent on this I could had a V-8 or a smaller Huskavarna . You 'd think after all these years , I would have learned by now , you get what you pay for , and if it 's too good to be true ; well , read other people 's reviews more seriously .
 My husband bought this as an alternative to owning a gas chain saw . We have a small piece of property in the city . The first time he used it was for cutting up some small branches -LRB- 1 to 1 1/2 diameter -RRB- . That went fairly well although he had to stop often to clean the saw of small bits of debris . The next time was to cut up a larger branch 6 '' in diameter . The saw started fine but by the second cut was running out of juice . Fortunately he had a second battery charged and waiting . Unfortunately after another 2 cuts this battery also ran out of power . And since the batteries take FOREVER to charge it meant he had to quit halfway through .
 I bought this back in April 2008 . I spent a good deal of time puzzling over the user manual , since this is the first chainsaw I ever had . The manual was not clear to me at all , but I finally worked out how to put the chainsaw together . I ran it for about 25 minutes when the chain came loose . Turned out one of the screws that hold the chain assembly together had fallen out . I could n't find it . Called B&D ; , and they said they 'd ship the screw to me . 2 weeks later , no screw . Called again . They said they 'd send another . 2 weeks later , no screw . After customer service assured me that they were sending the part , I went to the DeWalt site that B&D ; directs you to when you need to buy a part . Turns out the screws were backordered until June 28 . In early July , I finally received several screws . Yikes.Now that I 'm able to put the thing together , I have to say that it 's lightweight and does cut what it says it will , but getting the chain back on is a nightmare , particularly when you 've been using it and it 's nice and oiled . Every time I 've used it so far , I 've followed the directions for tightening the chain , and it still falls off after about 10-15 minutes of use . It does note somewhere that you have to operate the saw for a couple of hour to break the chain in . Guess mine is n't broken in yet . I am disappointed as I find it extremely hard to use thus far .
 Do not buy this product unless you are already an experienced chain-saw user . The blade comes packed seperaely and must be installed , which takes three hands . Then the tension must be adjusted and oil added . Adjusting the tension is difficult , because they paut the screw right next to the blade , which means you only get about half a turn and then have to withdarw the tool they give you and find the slot in the black screw -LRB- hard to see -RRB- all over again . In addition , there are no markings about which way to turn the screw for the desired effect.If you do buy this saw , read the instrctions . They are actually well written , even though it 's hard to perform the tasks described.The saw seems to have enough power to do its job , but getting it adjusted so that you can use it is difficult and keping it that way for more than a few cuts is much more difficult .
 Tried this out on some small dried hardwood -LRB- maple , locust & cherry -RRB- chunks no larger than 3 '' in diameter . Tough going . The blade really has no power . Might work on green woods better . In other words -- just for trimming on live wood . OK for use by a landscaper -- not for a small farm . -LRB- I was looking for a saw I cold get used to using before tackling the `` big saws . ''
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 Unit arrived with no marks on packaging but the unit inside had a broken case in three places . After a call to warrantee service I as issued a return authorization and the unit was repaired and returned .
 I bought this to clean my deck but when I turned it on it just hummed a little bit then kicked off . I tripped my circuit breaker so I reset it and it continued to do the same thing on different circuits . I called tech support and the guy was a bit rude but somewhat helpful . He said the pump sometimes needs to get turned on and off a few times before it unfreezes . Yea , that gave me a lot of confidence in this product . So I hooked it up to a kitchen outlet and low and behold it worked for a few seconds . I then took it outside and tried it again and it would only work intermittently . The representative wanted me to send it in for service but I said no way I 'll just return it to the store where I got it to get a refund . I do n't think I 'll ever buy anything with the Sistema brand because of this experience . When you are dealing with electricity and water you do n't want to mess around with poorly designed products . The built-in GFI in the power cord did n't seem to work very well since this thing kept tripping my breaker in the basement .
 UPS lost the order yet Amazon has n't refunded the money to my gift certificate balance , the order was placed 7-18 . According to Amazon 's website I was credited on July 25th however it was not actually credited . After three calls to them I just get the run around . Amazon 's customer service has been HORRIBLE as of late . Every time I call they tell me to wait 2-3 more days , I want my money !
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 This came from a hardware store -LRB- was n't listed as being sold from a hardware store -RRB- and it nothing like it is descibed . I needed a table cover that hung down from the top , covering the legs as well . The cover I received fits very tightly only around the table top - and if you have a lip or edge around your table top , it may not fit at all . It reminds me of those elasticized table cloths that go over the realy cheap and flimsy plastic tables that always look dirty . Avoid this purchase ! The shipping also seemed unreasonably high . It is contained in a very small box that is only about an inch deep/thick . No reason for such high shipping costs .
 I bought two of these sprayers since they were on sale at True Value . On both , the pump tank broke after a short time -LRB- 1-2 months -RRB- of use . The spray also was not very consistent and clogged more frequently than with other inexpensive sprayers I 've used .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 The shipment came with slight dent to the fire pit . Poorly packed product . I 'm willing to accept a slight dent on the side , BUT The fire pit ring did not fit . This product is either poorly design or there must be a defect . I ca n't imagine a product with a nice fire pit would come with cruddy ring assembly ! . I plan to request a new set of ring be mailed to me . I hope the seller will honor this since I would hate to return the whole thing back . If not , I will return it .
 After all the amazing reviews for this thing , I gladly bought it and could n't wait to use it for the first time . Well , after just 1 fire , I went to clean it up in the morning and to my surprise the Georgia Clay finish is peeling all over the stars and moons . It 's completely flaking off ! Not everywhere , but apparently one spot that did n't get good `` heat resistant '' paint coverage.Disappointed and upset , I took a photo and went to Landmann 's website for an email or phone number . I found an email and sent the details of my purchase from Amazon and the photo of the flaking paint . Here is their exact response . `` All of the fire pits will peel after use , the paint is a heat resistant paint but no paint will hold up to the heat of a fire . The only thing you could do is sand off the area and repaint it with a heat resistant paint . Again this will not last when this is used . `` SO BE WARNED , THEY SAY THE PAINT WILL NOT LAST . I replied and told them I realize nothing can withstand fire over a long period of time , but after 1 use ?? Come on . I 'll submit my photo on Amazon for all to see.If you dont care about the paint , then it 's a nice firepit that is a little hard to fit together during assembly , but other than that , serves its purpose of containing a fire.UPDATE
 Lots of fun at the fire for seven months . Then the bottom rots out so badly that you ca n't even weld it . The legs rust off of it too . Typical Chinese import disposable product . Save your money and buy something domestic -- or bring it indoors after taking the ashes out each time you use it .
 I know this thing is pretty cheap but come in ... it peeled the first time we fired it up . it is pretty at night when the fire is twinkling through the stars and moons . .
 Finally got around to assembling this . Ordered it too long ago to return , or I would . Thought this was the same pit a friend had got ... But it is a cheap knockoff . Thin metal , poor alignment of the screw holes and the seams . Rim around edge is multiple pieces and screwed on instead of welded on . So are the legs . Does n't come with a cover ... And you do n't want to get water in this so you need to get one . Overall ... Disappointed . I will use it ... But it looks like it will wear/rust out in a couple of years and I will need to replace it . Suggest you search for similar items that are better made .
 this fire pit was outside for only a year and it rusted from the bottom up DO NOT BUY THIS FIREPIT IT SUCKS
 I do own this but not sure who it shipped from . This was pretty for about one year . The top cover has rusted through . The bottom is all rusted but still useable but really an eyesore . It has also left rust marks on the cement . Functionally it is great , it is just not meant for a wet environment like England unless you have a covered storage place for it .
 I previously purchased a this Landmann product about four years ago . That fire pit was a heavy gauge steel of a natural rust color , superior screening over the openings , an welded heat ring , welded legs , solid metal barbeque grate , heavy guage spark arrester and a solid metal poker . No assembly required.I gave the old pit to a friend of mine as I was considering replacing our deck with a patio . However , as I have not yet completed the project , I decided to repurchase what I thought was the same product . I was sadly mistaken . A once great American made product has been replaced with this sad imitation . This fire pit is of lighter metal guage , has a painted on rust color , -LRB- the paint runs in places -RRB- , it has a lighter screening over the openings , the heat ring must be screwed on to the pit and is in 3 pieces , has a fairly good barbeque grate which again is mounted on to screws , and has screw on legs . Also , you must screw the two piece poker together . It is obvious that the heat ring , legs and poker were changed to a screw on assembly in order to make the product more compact for shipping from China , thus compromising the original design.When a product is made cheaply by the Chinese , rest assured that it is because the product itself is cheap and devoid of quality .
 Not sure what unit the other reviewers recieved but mine is a 2 star at best item . Made in China and looks it , very thin metal would guess 18g maybe even 20g will be taking steel gauge home tonight to check for sure . Now for the good it is fairly priced at $ 100 - $ 125 just was n't the great deal I thought I was getting but just like the cheap fire pits you will see at the big box stores . Bought it to have roast marshmellow with 4 yr . old son and will get the job done just not sure if it will be around when he is 6 !
 This fire pit was just delivered today . I was very excited to get it since I had researched fire pits for a week and found this one to be the best deals for the money . When I took it out of the box , much to my dissapointment , I found the fire pit had an egg shape to it . It was bent way out of shape . The box looked fine so I do n't think this happened during shipping . This is the worst item I 've ever received and I do a lot of on-line shopping . Thank you very little Landmann for the horrible quality control . I took the day off work in anticipation of receiving this fire pit and spent a large part of the day getting landscape pavers laid down and getting ready for cooking on it tonight . Now our plans are ruined due to someone not caring enough to send out a quality product . And I have to spend my own money shipping it back to Amazon . How is that fair ??? I gave this product one star because that 's as low as I couuld rate it but I actually give it NEGATIVE 10 STARS !!! Major buyers remorse on this one !!! BUYER BE WARE !!!
 I put it together and that went smoothly . . it looked great siiting there . . no rain for days so next night i fired it up and burned some skid wood and hard wood logs in it . . not extremely hot but it was blazing ... fire smoldered all night and then i got it going in the morning with the embers ... about then the paint started peeling off . it is about 50 % off now and i have no idea why . I just know it should `` nt be peeling off .
 My son tried to chop wood with this ax and the handle broke off . The head of the ax is fine but handle is not strong .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 This is the worst product I have purchased . I put it up for the first time and within hours the aluminium frame was in pieces . It is so flimsy ! I expected more durability for a product meant to be for the outdoors ! For the amount of money I paid it is a rip off . I could not even return it because all the parts were broken and the frame could not collapse or fold . What a mess ... Never buy this !!!!!
 Do n't waste your money . It broke the first time I used it . Had to return it and bought an EZ Up instead . Much better .
 Damn thing broke after 2 weeks of use -- aluminum parts easily broken .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 We installed the 6 ' ft gray version of Max-Slats . While easy and quick to install , they provide very little privacy . Each slat blocks about 90 % of each vertical gap line in the chain link fence , but that leaves 10 % on each side . When lined up together , that is about a 20 % gap between each slat . We regret not returning the items and looking for something more solid . Hugely disappointed in the coverage of this product .
 This clock stopped working after two months . Unbeatable Sale.com would not return my money . Chaney Instruments has sent me replacements clocks that do not work . They will not return my money . I would not recommend Unbeatable Sale.com for any purchase . Nor would I recommend any clocks made my Chaney Instruments . I have been waiting now for six weeks for a fourth replacement clock . Never ever again would I use either of these companies .
 The clock has n't kept the right time since i got . I have on the side of my garage which customer service said may allow too much interference . its an outdoor clock right ? Where am i supposed to hang it .
 I returned this style of clock twice for the same defect . I was very disappointed that the quality assurance of this product was not up to par . It should have been very apparent to anyone who tried to start the clock that it was not going to work and that the hour and minute hands were overlapped and unable to perform correctly.To get this identical defect twice in two different clocks is just not acceptable for the vendor . Please make sure that they know this . Even though your returns process is fairly easy , it is still a hassle to give or to get a gift that has to be returned and to wait for another just to find that it , too , has to be returned.We have ordered another clock and purposefully stayed away from this vendor . Sorry to say that I found the other clock $ 10 cheaper on another website .
 Within 6 week , the hour hand stopped working , so essentially the clock is useless . Do n't waste your money for this product .
 Clock arrived with the flimsy hour hand rotating at random and the minute hand bent . The weather seal is sturdy .
 I have gone through the set up process multiple times and this clock will not keep the correct time , losing about five minutes a day . A complete waste of money !
 This clock , while nice looking , does not keep correct time . It is always wrong . I guess this is because it is unable to sync with the time code signal . It is worthless . Also , the thermometer , which is built in the lower portion of the clock face , is completely non-functional . It does not even approach the correct temperature .
 We purchased this clock and it did not work . Had the proper battery . Exchanged the clock for a new one and it still does n't work . We will send it back to Amazon . Worse purchase ever !!
 It simply does n't work . It seems to lose about 5 minutes per day . It 's useless.I do n't even care about the `` atomic '' feature . I just needed an outdoor clock and this one is never correct . I 've been trying to fix this and figure out the `` atomic '' for about 3 months .
 Ordered this clock about a year ago , the first item I received did not work properly , the replacement arrived in and had clearly been previously returned as the interior box was smashed , the clock had scratches that had been colored in with a marker . The third one worked . After about 6 months the face of the clock faded out from a nice antique looking beige , to white , now a year later the paper face is curling inside the outdoor clock . It keeps perfect time and seems to record the temps accurately . The clock hangs in a screened room under the eve of the house in S. Florida . Not exposed to direct sun or weather . I would not recommend for outdoor use at all . It was a lovely clock when new , but now is unsightly , will probably toss and try an all metal clock . I paid $ 100.00 so expected better .
 Bought the clock in May . Summer in Texas brutal . Clock placed on tenniscourt . Evidently heat warped face of clock ; thermometer gauge and hour hand stuck ; broke the clock . I did n't keep any of the shipping material , so tough to return to the manufacturer .
 I purchased this clock over three months ago and it has yet to keep accurate time . The paperwork states that it could take a couple of days for it to get in sync so we waited a week for it to first work ... then it only worked for three days . As many times as we have reset the time it just does not keep accurate time . I would not recommend this product !
 This clock is a great addition to my patio but I found it much to complicated to set . It takes a very particular AA battery ; I had to go to 3 different stores to find the right one . The battery has to be a REGULAR alkaline battery -LRB- not super or long lasting or any other extra durable type -RRB- . I started with a Kirkland battery and when the clock did not keep the correct time -LRB- like by hours not minutes -RRB- I called the customer service and was told that the battery was not right for this clock -LRB- this should have been specified in the instructions provided with the clock -RRB- and that 's when my search for batteries began . Each time you put in the battery you have to press the reset button a certain number of times , then go past a certain hour and start at 12 . It 's a long and complicated process but once I found the correct batteries -LRB- which I suggested to customer service should be provided with the clock ! -RRB- and went through the set up process for about the 6th time , the clock works great . Is it worth the trouble ?? Not sure .
 We purchased this clock reluctantly because it was an ` atomic clock ' thinking that would give us trouble and be over-complicated . We were correct . Although the Chaney customer service was excellent , nothing they suggested helped ... it was always way off . Perhaps the reception was not good enough , but why should one have to be concerned with the location of a CLOCK , especially one that is OUTDOORS , in order for it to work correctly?Avoid this product.Craig
 I gave this as a gift . The recipient had to send it back in less than a week because it stopped working . Amazon was quick to replace it with no hassle . The second one also quit working in a matter of days and was returned for credit . I was embarrassed and would tell others to avoid purchasing this clock .
 I have had this clock for over a year . And in that time I 've had to try to get the hand 's to not fall down . I just had it the house again and I 'll see if that work 's this time . I would buy this clock again .
 First I bought the Infinity 24 '' radio clock , which is beautiful , but too heavy . It promptly fell off the wall and broke the glass . So then I bought this since it is smaller and weighs less . I 'm giving it two stars because it is a very pretty clock , and the thermometer is larger than most , but it would help if it worked ! ~ I ca n't get the clock to link up with Colorado , and the thermometer does n't work at all . The directions for linking the clock are anything but clear . So , I 'm not surprised to see they are n't selling it now . I just bought mine last week , probably the last one they sold .
 Lovely clock but was never able to set the atomic clock nor even get it to work with a battery like a regular clock . Contacted Chaney Instruments -LRB- EXCELLENT customer service -RRB- and they sent me a new one . Love the look of the clock and new one works great so 5 stars if you get one from Amazon that works 0 if you do n't .
 Not necessary when the proper hose is ordered . Do not order this item if you order the hoseMr . Heater Hose with Regulator and Quick Disconnect for Big Buddy Heater #F 271803with regulator . It does not fit.Mr Heater MH18B Portable `` Big Buddy '' Heater
 Filter Leaked at the seam and burn the door on my BUDDY heater . I would not recommend filter to any one .
 This did not even last 6 hours worth of use before I was restricting flow to my Mr. Big Buddy heater . These cost too much to change every 6 hours . I have 2 Mr. Big Buddys and the filters in both lasted about the same amount of time.The Mr. Big Buddy is great though .
 Buyer beware ! This item is NOT compatable with the quick disconnect hose & regulator -LRB- F271803 -RRB- that Amazon suggests buying together as accessories for the mr. Heater . Shame on Amazon this time for recommending these together This filter is threaded .
 DO NOT BUY TO CONNECT TO BIG BUDDY FUEL HOSE !!!!! The Mr. Heater Fuel Filter for Portable Buddy and Big Buddy Heaters.It 's Impossible to tell if this product does as advertised . It was ordered and recieved in a reasonable time period along with The Big Buddy Heater and Big Buddy Fuel Hose to attach to a Propane Tank -LRB- Where It Might Be Needed -RRB- . It was packaged decently . The problem was that The Fuel Filter CAN NOT Connect to The Big Buddy Fuel Hose , There Is NO Way To Make It Fit . The Problem Is That The Fuel Filter Has A THREADED Connection And The Fuel Hose Has A QUICK FIT Connection . I Would Return It If Not For The Fact That It Would Be More Of A Hassle Than It 's Worth . I WILL BE WRITING TO MR. BIG BUDDY . AS IF CORPORATE AMERICA IS NOT RIPPING OFF THE WORKING PEOPLE ENOUGH . *** I Would Have Given ZERO Stars IF Possible ***
 Information provided on purchase did not indicate that you need a special adaptor to go from the 12 ' Quick Disconnect hose to the fuel filter , so untl I find the adaptor the fuel filter is of no use to me .
 I thought this product would stop a stump from a tree I had to cut down from bleeding . I bought 3 cans and they did n't even begin to cover the stump , next time I ordered 4 . Well the bleeding eventual stopped on its own and now I have little green sprigs growing out the side of the tree . I thought this would stop all growth . Dont waste your money . Plus , half through spraying all of the cans stop working with liquid left in there . What a wast of time and money .
 I am very disgusted with this purchase . It does not get hot enough to grill steak as you would get using charcoal.If you want your steak with a slightly charred outside and medium rare inside , this is not the grill for you -LRB- or me ... -RRB- .
 I purchased this clock and put it up outside in an unobstructed area , hanging on a wooden fence . It seemed to get a great signal , but about a week after purchase it lost 15 minutes , and did n't recover it.Went through the reset procedure , 10 days later , same problem , lost 45 minutes , did n't recover it.By now I 'm past Amazon 's 30 day return window , so I go to the manufacturer 's web site and submit a support request . Only guess what ? Their support request page is broken ! I submit my info and get this : Microsoft OLE DB Provider for SQL Server error ' 80040e10 ` No value given for one or more required parameters . / pgs/email2 . asp , line 36This , in layman 's terms , is lame . First off , rule one is that you catch all errors on your web page and give people a readable explanation of what went wrong . Second , they 've just opened the door for hackers by letting then know what SQL server they are using , the fact that they are using ASP , and have provided some info about where their scripts are located.Stupid . Nothing to do with the clock , but a company that does n't know how to provide customer support might be one you want to steer clear of for ANY product.In any case , the performance of the clock is UNSATISFACTORY , the company support is UNSATISFACTORY , and I recommend that under no circumstances do you buy this product .
 DO NOT BUY THIS CLOCK . Sure LOOKS NICE . TOO BAD THEY DO N'T WORK ! Did n't work despite following directions to the letter . Even setting it myself instead of the '' automatic satellite setting '' which did n't work . Sent for replacement . Worked for 4 days . Worthless junk .
 I give this clock high marks for attractiveness . People really like the way it looks . However , I have only been able to get it to detect the radio signal one time . It does not correct the time on its own , and it did not change to DST when required . So basically , in the end , forget about the radio-control thing . If you like the way it looks -LRB- it is HUGE -RRB- , then enjoy . Do n't expect that it will automatically set itself , because that part is evidently faulty.I have tried putting it in different locations , etc. , to pick up the signal . No dice . It 's just an inferior product in this regard . I have three other radio-controlled clocks -LRB- two digital , one analog -RRB- , and they all keep perfect time , and set themselves automatically . So my feeling is that this Chaney clock uses an inferior technology . So again , buy it if you like the looks , not for accurate time-keeping .
 I purchased this despite several negative reviews because I already had several atomic clocks , all of which received the signal beautifully . Of course , that did n't matter
 Looks great , had no problem setting it.However , the hour hand is not rigidly attached to the movement , and so is a bit floppy , and gets stuck on the thermometer , causing it to stop at 6 . The minute hand continues to work fine , but I have no idea what hour it is . Taking the clock down from where it 's hung and holding it face down will get it unstuck until 6 rolls around again.Will return for something similar that does n't have anything to get the hands stuck on .
 This clock was a huge disappointment ! Beautiful to look at but will not keep accurate time . I tried using the radio signal , which I could not get to work after many trials , and then tried to set it manually ... thinking that I could at least use it that way . Was I ever wrong ! It will not keep accurate time ... loses 5 to 10 minutes or more every day ! Sure wish I had not wasted my money !!
 Do Not Buy this Clock !! I purchased this clock and had a lot of trouble setting it and it keeping time . After calling the company several times and following their instructions and hanging the clock outside on the house it would not set correctly or keep time . Chaney actually sent me an entirely new clock . Initially it seemed to set ok , but then I hung it up and by the following day it too was not keeping the correct time . I set it a few more times , but then gave up shen it failed to keep time for more than a couple days . It is a nice looking clock , but obviously the Atomic auto setting feature does not work at all in these clocks . Perhaps you must mount it outside facing a certain direction up high on a mountain or within so many miles of a tower or something . I went to replace the battery recently and noticed that both hands were dangling pointing down at the 6 . Both hands have fallen off the dial and are just free spinning inside the clock . Pardon me , but what a POS ! The clock was operating a few months ago and all it has done since is hang on a wall for a few months . I may try to refit a new manual clock inside the housing , but with the hands not even on any more this may go in the trash also ! Again - stay away , Do not buy , save your money and look elsewhere for a manual setting clock.-T
 Just received the clock , it LOOKS great . However it 's sold as a copper clock not copper colored ! It certainly does not look or feel like our other copper temperature guage or lights that we have outdoors.Tried to set the atomic clock , it beeped and beeped and then nothing . So we tried again , it beeped and beeped and again nothing . Next we set is as a analog clock and it gained 5 mins in 20 mins . Time flies by quickly enough . -LRB- Do n't need this -RRB- Unfortunately , this clock is worthless and I am sending it back right now.Don ' t buy it unless you just want yard art .
 I 've owned 2 . they both stopped working . same issue . the hand hangs up on one of the other hands . they are awfully pricey for something so easily discarded . fixing is not an option .
 I am very disappointed with this purchase . The clock looks good , but only after a couple of months it has broken for no apparent reason . The minute hand does not keep time correctly even after resetting .
 This Chaney radio controlled clock , which I bought from Amazon , is one year old and does n't work at all . Actually , that 's not true . The hands do move ... it just does n't keep time at all . Nice looking but utterly useless . I strongly discourage anyone buying this clock ; you will just be throwing your money out .
 This clock was purchased for outdoor use and hung on porch of my Garden Shed that is covered . The clock is well sheltered . At first the clock lost only 2-3 minutes per month but after six months , it is now 39-44 Min slow every week . It has been reset many times -LRB- per instructions -RRB- and installed at least 3-4 NEW Batteries ... IF anyone has suggestions of how to correct or fix , please say . Otherwise , trash is waiting and $ $ is down the toilet for piece of junk .
 Product works okay but faster products can be purchased at the local home improvement store .
 Bought some of this at a local home depot today hoping to make some nice red , white , & blue smoke bombs for independence day . The idiot company Bonide does n't print anywhere on their label -LRB- or put anywhere on their website -RRB- what exactly this product contains.Found out later that it contains potassium pyrosulfate . What also should be noted is that the container is only 1/3 full of the substance . Why the hell waste all that packing material ???? Did you think you needed to `` stand out '' in the isle at the hardware store ? Idiots .
 I used it in my home , and all i notice is they do n't seem to work . Please buy something else instead .
 Is n't working out the way I expected . 12 months ? Nah . More like 2 . These seem to be the absolute weakest roach traps I 've ever bought . They barely work , for some reason .
 It seemed to work , the little roaches that we had seemed to be tapering off , but then they returned with a vengeance within a few weeks . Disappointed .
 This product works for less than two months . Try other products!Don ' t confuse this product with `` Dial 18CT Combat Roach Bait - 97218 '' . Dial 18CT Combat Roach Bait - 97218 is much better !!!
 I used to have a different version of COMBAT to kill small cockroaches . It was a paste type.It seemed to work because I actually saw dead cockroaches near the kitchen area . I decided to purchase a different product fromthis company and oh well ... they never die ! I see them more often than even before I used this.They probably got immunized .
 This thing is too small and worms crawl right out of it . I suggest a system with a closed lid .
 BUYER BEWARE ! Get your own worms - locally ! These worms die easily even if you follow directions - no refund , no replacement , nothing - Nada!The Worm factory may be OK . But our worms all died in the 1st week . We followed directions - Bought a ph kit to test and adjust our soil with agricultural lime , sifted our soil , shredded newsprint -LRB- black and white only -RRB- added a little sand - as directed . They did not specify to use gardening sand . We got ours at Home Depot . It may have been too coarse . But they did n't specify!Worm factory gets their worms from a supplier . We bought 2 # of worms for about $ 45.00 plus a lot more - -LRB- $ 15.00 or more -RRB- for shipping . Their supplier would not make any adjustment at all . So we 're out over $ 60.00 ! Not happy . The price for two # is pretty good - but shipping makes the deal expensive . We can get 1 # worms from local Armstrong Nursery for $ 20.00 . We are retired and on a very limited income . For that reason , health and being `` Green '' we want to do the worm composting . This has been a real set back . Now we have to save up for more worms.BUYER BEWARE!Rosemary HallHuntington Beach CA
 Wow , what can I say ? I was very excited about ordering my Worm Factory b/c I am aggressively composting for my garden . When it arrives the assembly is simple , but there are large gaps in the stacking bins ! Directions are simple to layer shredded paper , coir , brown matter , foodstuff etc. . . keep the factory in place free of direct rain -- yea , yea.What they do n't tell you is that the shoddy construction allows those red wriggler worms to wriggle and ooze right out of the sides of the housing ! One evening I go onto my screened patio and worms are all over the place . Talking about a scene from a B-rated horror movie ! You have to lodge strips of paper in the cracks b/t the stacking bins . This is a pain in the * $ $ because in order to check the compost or stir it up you have to strategically reseal the bins . Too much work.Now , I just use the worm factory to house the compost from my tumbler compost bin . I really could have spent less money -LRB- $ 80 + -RRB- for this . Hence , unless I got a defective `` worm factory '' , I do n't recommend this composter . I am very happy with my tumbler bins though .
 This cover for sleeping bags allows the material to contact the skin , allowing mosquitoes to bite through the netting . If you will be in a malaria-prone area , you would be better served with another type of netting . I used mine in West Africa and immediately switched in order to prevent getting malaria . If you just want to keep other biting insects away , it might work better .
 I am totally unhappy with this product . I bought these to use in a block center . Ther are less than 3 inches tall and plastic . They would be broken in the first 5 minutes ! The pictures made the sign look wooden . They are not , they are plastic . Do n't buy !!!
 When the Item was received , several small parts were missing . After contacting the Swisher company , I was assured that the missing parts would be provided at no cost . That promise was fulfilled.However , , I have the following comments concerning the design of this machine
 There really is nothing I can say good about this trimmer . It is difficult to start even with the low compression engine . It bogs in 2 foot tall orchard grass and when it dies , it floods . It is clumsy on hills and worse yet when pushing up hill , digs into the dirt on the uphill side unless you ignore the directions and lift the front end of the machine . The line itself is fairly short lived and the method of attachment , while relatively easy , is not very secure . With all the problems , an area that takes me about 1 hour to trim with a standard string trimmer could not be finished in an hour and 15 minutes . I finally had to use the string trimmer to finish the job the Swisher could n't . returned the machine to the store and got my money back . In my opinion , unless you have a flat area with no serious brush or grasses , this is a waste of time and money .
 I got one of the engines that is just hard to start . Once it is running , the trimmer works just fine but grass and dust quickly clog the air intake to the filter . Constantly having to clean the air intake and filter . Be sure and do n't hit anything that you do n't want damaged . When trying to start the engine one day I got too close to a post and it chewed it up bad .
 The machine was inoperable upon arrival because of very poor quality control in the assembly and packaging . After my efforts to correct these errors , the machine ran all right and was effective in cutting the huge amount of weeds on our property . I should mention that I spent many years correcting problems for a living making it relatively easy to get this machine running , however if one does n't have good repair skills it would be a real adventure .
 The unit has issues with the wheel bearings popping out of their seats . It needed washers to hold them in . Washers that Swisher said it does n't need , however they stock them as a part and send them to you at no charge . They also recommend gluing the wheel bearings into the wheels . I think for the money I spent I should n't have had to do all this . On to the next item . The plastic guard shield that sits above the trimmer head . It is absolutely useless . The one that came with my unit was broken as well as the relacement that they sent me under warranty . I am awaiting another one . My advice is to stay away from this unit and buy from another manufacturer .
 I 'm well pleased with this item , came fully assembled except for handle . Just add oil , fuel and cutter strings , you are ready to put the finishing touches to the yard or tackle the rough.I previously owned another manuf . unit and find the Swisher to be better built plus having the option to adjust angle of cutter head and edger position . As a senior with lots of aches and pains this big wheeled trimmer/edger with electic start fits my needs and allows me to maintain my property .
 I wanted to order this product because it was needed to create a centerpieces for my reception . The product description clearly states that its a 24 pack ! After receiving 1 out of 24 , I contacted customer service in which he also checked the product description and assured me the correct order of 24 will be shipped out the same day . Well I received the package today , only to find one item in the box again ! I became furious all over again because my wedding is next Saturday and here it is a week before and they still ca n't get my order correct . Get it together Amazon ... GESH !!
 Shipped in a BIG GIANT box which made me laugh , so it has that going for it . Happily swatted flies for a few weeks before it snapped near the base of the plastic swatter . I sort of glued it back together and it is working again but the brittleness of the plastic leads me to believe that these are very old , from a stock of swatters molded in the 80s or something .
 I swung at a fly on my wall once and it broke in half . Cheaply made . I am very dissapointed with this product . I do n't reccomend it at all to anyone .
 The handle was defective and was not telescoping as it said - it was not worth the money at all
 I was very disappointed when I received this item and returned it immediately . The item was poorly made and unsubstantial . The telescoping handle did n't increase the length enough to really be useful.The item was greatly overpriced .
 The product is exactly what I wanted , but it does n't work right . The telescopic pole does not lock when extended . When you try to push the snow , the pole colapses . This is NOT helpful .
 I purchased this SnoBrum to push the snow off of my new mini van . I 'm 5 ' 2 and really struggled to get the snow off the top of my can . This has solved that problem . It pushes the snow wonderfully . I have n't had any problems with the extend-able pole collapsing when I need to push the snow . It is rather bulky in my van , and get 's awkward when not needed . However I like it so much , I bought another one for my mom . It really does a great job pushing off large amounts of snow quickly . It does a much better job than the old broom it replaced.I 'm back . After using this for half a winter , I have to agree with the reviews that say the telescoping handle is worthless because it it . I just folds in . There is no way to get it tight . I have tried . I end up using it to pull the snow rather than push , which usually ends up with me getting a shower of snow . It does work very well at removing snow , and I am keeping it to use in future . I likely will be replacing the handle with a broom stick . I am down rating this to a 2 because the handle is crap . If the handle worked , I would still be giving this a 4 stars .
 overall this worked well due to the sole fact of the retractable handle , half way through the winter the locking mechanism started to fail and the blue foam started to loosen on the red plastic piece
 I 'd request a refund for this item if it was n't such a pain to return a $ 20 item . The lightweight head is designed well , although the shaft does come unscrewed from it quite easily . As for the telescoping shaft , it broke after just three uses . The adjustable and locking shaft did neither fully adjust nor fully lock out well . And , when it did feel properly adjusted and locked , it would n't maintain the full length or remain secure for very long under normal use.In a delicate attempt to fix the shaft , all of the parts fell out of the inside of the cylinder and into 10 '' of fresh , new Denver , Colorado powered . I tried to remove the rubber handle from the upper part of the shaft to affix it to the lower part of that shaft in order to salvage this device , but no luck there . The handle is firmly attached -LRB- unlike the rest of the Brum -RRB- to the upper part of the shaft . So much for clever engineering and cheap manufacturing.I should have been wary when I saw that this item shipped from Phoenix , Arizona . I guess I will try to fix this device with duct tape next . If that does n't work , I will go back to using a more tried-and-true tool for automobile snow removal -- my trusty kitchen broom .
 The head of this brum unscrews way too easily and the shaft is so soft it bends way too easily . good concept but poorly designed .
 It was so cheaply made it broke the first time I used it . No screws to hold anything together , just some small plastic nubbies - worthless . returned it immediately
 Just plain broke in half . Forget it for anything more than 4 inches of snow . What a shame - seemed like the product had potential .
 This thing scratched our car the first time we used it . We have always used a brush in the past to remove the snow from the car . I thought this would be a better solution . Was I mistaken ? We now have scratches all over the car from this bogus tool . Stay away from this one .
 I too am surprised by the number of good reviews . I bought this towards the end of last year 's brutal New England winter . It scratched my car - not terribly , but definitely . I think it is due to the rather hard edge around the cushioned area . And the handle repeatedly unlocked . I am throwing this away and looking for something else for this year . I agree with another reviwer who said it is a good idea but very poorly executed .
 I 'm really disappointed with this product . Sure , I was able to pull snow towards me . But the reason I bought this was because I could n't reach the top of my roof to clear the snow . It 's a law in NJ now that roofs need to be clear of snow or you can be ticketed . The telescopic pole kept collapsing . No matter how I twisted the darn thing , it did n't work . So in blizzard conditions if I wanted to pull the snow towards me -LRB- and into the 50 mph wind so that it hit me square in the face -RRB- it worked just fine.I read a review that you can use a wooden handle instead , but what 's the point ? That 's not the product I bought . I 'll be sending it back tomorrow .
 Sno brums are great . They 're very light so you do n't get tired . They push massive amounts of snow . They are fragile but they 'll last for years if you use them properly.The worst flaw of the brum is the mechanism that keeps it from collapsing . Some work better than others but mine is very difficult to tighten . I have to constantly retighten and I can feel that it only goes so far and then starts spinning . Spraying with silicone makes it a little better . I 'm pretty sure they 'd have taken this one back but I bought mine late in the season on line and shipping costs and inconvenience would be ridiculous . I wish they just built this mechanism better so that it worked right on all the brums .
 I purchased three SnoBrum 's in December . I had seen one that my cousin purchased last year in Maine.Two of the Brum 's work great -- one snapped in half when removing light powder snow.My plan is to contact the company for a replacement .
 I guess I will see how this works out over the winter . This item seems flimsy , but since I have never had one before maybe they are all similar . What I do n't like is the rake portion does not articulate , so if you want it to lay flat you have to remove it from the handle . It seems there are others that have this feature , but did not see them until after I purchased this one . From what I can see there might be better options out there .
 When I bought this , it seems like a good idea . Instead of a brush which does n't do very well when it comes to pushing heavy snow , the SnoBrum Brush has this thick piece of form which does n't hurt the surface of the car . However , the piece of plastic that connects the brum to the brush is very fragile and it just snapped the 2nd time I was using it . Instantly the SnoBrum is useless !
 I bought this strictly for the telescoping feature , but it does not have the thick black ring that would be used to lock it into place . Upon testing , it collapses in on itself with a little pressure , and certainly would not withstand a load of snow without a locking feature . I am returning this and assuming they changed the design . Please see my photos to see for yourself .
 not good for snow more than 6 inches . the first time I use , the handle broke . Not strong for BIG snow .
 While this product does the job it is pretty cheaply made . I had meant to get the Arctic Plow which is a much sturdier , better made model . Obviously my mistake . Still it gets the job done . I just do n't think it 's worth the price .
 I was never able to get this to extend and that was a real pain , especially since I bought it for my wife , who is short and catch reach the top of the van . Also , do n't mistake this for an ice scraper ; it has rounded edges meant to remove snow without scratching the roof of your vehicle .
 I used the Sno Brum for the first time after the storm of 2010 in New England.I had purchased two of these . It was not very good to use because the head of the Sno Burm kept coming undone and I had to stopped and twist it back on . I would not recommend this to any of my friends . I am very disappointed in this product .
 This thing has absolutely no scraping function to it . As a result , if your car is not ice cold when the snow starts , you 'll have little frozen bits of ice on the windows , under the snow . This device will not remove that . It only gets rid of loose snow -- for that , I guess it 's OK , but in Western MA where I live , it 's rare to have so much snow that this thing is really needed .
 This tool worked great except for the locking telescopic handle -LRB- why I bought it -RRB- . It kept sliding in use so I tightened it all the way . Worked great but now is stuck in that position and will not release even when using -LRB- JAR REMOVER PADS -RRB- . Now its too long to fit in the car without being a pain in the ass . This telescopic handle is defective like Obama 's policies . Lets hope both are gone soon and the world in not destroyed by defective thinking .
 Looks like rubber ... but it 's actually lined with Styrofoam !!! The stuff that disposable coolers a made of . Or package material that you throw away ! I hope I never have to use it !
 This is a real rip-off for $ 16 bucks -LRB- $ 9 plus shipping -RRB- !! It arrived in a BIG TALL 4 `` x4 '' square box and you wonder what 's in it ? Hard to get rid of the box to flatten it up for recycle . Then to my surprise , it does not fit my needs . I will keep it but wo n't buy another one . I got ripped off !!!
 One of the hose ends had no threads at the ends so you could n't screw it on . The hose itself was nothing special , about average what you would expect for the cost .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 I have been using raid spray for roaches and decided to try this for pantry etc. . Big mistake , I sprayed my drawers and cabinets and the roaches just walk right over and continue walking around in the drawers worse than before , even three days later . Bigger problem is that the orange smell just seem to cover over the nasty undertones in this insecticide and my kids all got sick with the odor . It does kill when sprayed directly on bug although it leaves an oily residue . I would not recommend this product at all . I would recommend the large ortho indoor/outdoor insect repellant though which I have used previously , it is very effective at repelling insects , bugs , etc , and no obnoxious smell or reaction there . Hope this review helps .
 i bought this spray because i live in a new york city apartment with a serious roach problem and i have a dog that 's always sniffing around and getting into mischief . i was afraid she might somehow accidentally ingest anything i sprayed around , so i thought i 'd try this . unfortunately , it did absolutely nothing . i literally sprayed it directly on a cockroach and it did n't even slow him down . i think he even gave me the finger as he sauntered away . i will say that the scent is actually kind of nice , though ...
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 This wo n't last you too long before the blades get dull . You 'd be better off with a Palio or a Xicar cutter , which have lifetime warranties .
 I see a Silver cutter in the picture . I received a basic black cutter . I will probably give it to a friend that needs a cheap cigar cutter .
 Do not waste your money . I bought one of these cutters and it could not cut through my cigar with ease . I had to use so much force that it deformed my cigar . Looks very cheap with clear finger holes . Will be contacting seller to see what they can do about it .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 I purchased this chair about three months ago it has already started tearing away from the gromits and needs new fabric ! I also found a chair just like it at a local store on sale for half the price and its still fine . Im sure just about any chair would be a better choice at this price .
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 When I reviewed this before clicking on submit , I noticed that just above my comments there 's a link that says , `` kitchen . '' That 's totally absurd because these are privacy slats for outdoor chain link fences , which has nothing to do with kitchen items.Anyway , these privacy slats arrived without the strips to go through the tops to keep them in place . The strips should be included with the slats as part of the package . The slats wo n't stay in place and are very unsightly without the strips.If you want to use these slats as screening for your dog , they are worthless without the holding strips and a waste of money . If you have a digger or a guard dog easily provoked by outside activity , do not install these slats without the strips . To do so allows them to be easily damaged or destroyed by your pet , who will no doubt do so?A lonesome dog may also mess with the unsecured strips just because he 's bored and pulling them out is a great busy-dog project . Then there 's the joy of chomping each delightfully crunchy , pliable - plastic strip.A big dog that can really chew with force would be in real danger of swallowing large chunks of the plastic , requiring an emergency trip to the vet and surgery to remove them . That is , if the intestine-plugged dog is caught in time , before he 's found dead from a bowl obstruction.If you go to work and leave your dog in your chain link-fenced yard every day , I sure hope you 're reading this if you 're thinking about buying these slats . I 'm an AKC German Shepherd breeder , so that 's why I know all this stuff . I have about an acre and a half totally enclosed in 5-ft . chain link fencing for my dogs.Each thin plastic strips weighs very little and should be shipped routinely with the slats , along with installation instructions , which were also missing . I want the slats not only for privacy and to help cut off my dogs from outside contact , but also to improve the appearance of my property.I wo n't install the slats without the strips . Been there , done that , and it looked like crap . As you may have guessed , my dogs had a heyday with them , too . Any extra charge for the strips should be clearly indicated in the product information . It 's NOT , nor is an opportunity provided to order the strips separately . There 's no mention at all of the strips anywhere that I can see.Make no mistake
 The first blow to a piece of wood make the handle loose within the axe?I saw that axe is made with a kind of rubber shock absorber , wich make the mechanical link `` handle to steel axe '' a bit unusual . I did not try again to use this axe . Is someone can tell me that axe is suppose to work that way ?
 Part number was correct for the radial arm saw but it did not fit . It would have helped to have a diameter size and picture .
 I bought this product to control squash bugs on squash and cucumber plants . I followed the instructions to the letter and those darn bugs still devoured my plants .
 I purchased a whole gallon of Neem Oil and put it on my flowers . It made them look really rough at first . They are getting some better . Put it on my garden plants and my tomato and pepper plant blooms are dying . I mixed it just like the directions say to and applied it at the right time . I was really hoping this stuff would work : -LRB-
 Although it was fun to connect for the first time , the unit is -LRB- a -RRB- too expensive -LRB- b -RRB- for something that dies in stages . I did the same thing
 Had the unit 2315 ch for a year and a half . It worked great until one day I was checking the weather and had no digital display . I changed the batteries rebooted the system and did all I coud to get the system running . It just died . It was a great tool when in worked now it is just a $ 150.00 display . Do n't know if I 'd buy La Crosse product again
 Spent many hours over weekend installing and attempting to get proper operation wireless or wired with no success . Documentation is very poor for setup.Waited for help on Monday since no support on weekend . We made multiple calls with no way to talk to a tech so we left messages that also were never returned anytime the same day . We returned ws2315 to retailer for a refund.If our time is worth anything we spent $ 300 worth of wasted time trying to make something work that is very poorly engineered . Wind speed device worked 10 % of time no matter if wireless or wired . Rain gauge worked fine . Inside and outside temps fairly accurate . Hunidity less so . Beautiful packaging but unfortunately the flashy look is only that when you try to put it to productive use .
 Its absolutly waste of money and time , get a unit that works properly .
 Item was delivered -LRB- schedule for delivery -RRB- two weeks after ordering ... not in time for Christmas , though ordered on Dec 10 !!!
 The butterfly is larger than any of the other Echo Valley products that I purchased , but as far as glow-in-the-dark is concerned , forget it . As with the other products I purchased -LRB- dragonfly , crescent moon , gazing ball -RRB- , none of them glow-in-the-dark . The paint is really cheap and does n't work . I put them in one of my gardens that gets full sun for at least eight hours a day . And yet , even with full sun on the most glorious of days , at night there is nothing . You have to get right up on top of them to even notice that there is something there trying to glow . I will not be buying anymore Echo Valley products and I am sorry for the ones I did purchase . For the price , they are certainly a rip-off . Do not waste your money !
 While the butterfly stake is pretty , we are very disappointed that it does not live up to the product description which says that it glows in the dark , our main reason for making the purchase . We placed the stake in the sunniest part of our garden , which has sun all morning and day long , and it does not glow at all . We also purchased the dragonfly stake , and it unfortunately does not glow in the dark either .
 I received 2 stakes without the ornament . When I purchased the item I thought it would be much larger than what was received . I have seen these at other stores , was disappointed , intend to return .
 I 'm a weather nut and love to track wind speeds , rainfall , temps , humidity , etc. . It does a nice job with temp and humidity ; but that 's about all . The rain gauge was fussy from the start , but stopped working altogether within about 3 months . I did n't get a quick response from customer service , but when I did they wanted me to jump through some pretty big hoops before they would even talk to me about replacing the rain gauge . I decided it was n't worth it and scrapped that . The wind meter is n't instant , it takes readings every minute or so , it 's like getting a snapshot . The software works , but not all that well ; there were certain things I could n't get to work right . Overall I 'm not happy with this unit and will someday replace it with a truly professional weather station . For now I get my temp and humidity which is actually pretty accurate .
 The 2315 weather station is not the best deal in town . If you are trying to keep a history of the weather . The data base is in a compressed format and if there is an error , you have to start a new history file losing all your data . I do not know of a data base that does not get errors in the data . All data bases have some way to repair or delete bad entries except this one . Contacted customer service and they said there is no ability to delete/repair the bad records . So after looking at all the other reviews on this product I can not recommend anyone purchase this unit .
 LaCrosse Technology Wireless Weather Station SetTHIS SEEMS LIKE A NICE UNIT BUT HAVE PROBLEM WITH THE WIRELESS PART . I HAVE HOOKED IT UP WIRED NOW AND STILL HAVE PROBLEMS WITH THE UNIT GIVING ME THE CORRECT TEMPERATURE . I HAVE CALLED CUSTOMER SUPPORT TWICE . THE FIRST TIME THEY TOLD ME TO MOVE THE SENDING UNIT . I HAVE GONE AS FAR AS BUYING 2 OTHER THERMOMETERS AND PLACING THEM NEXT TO THE SENDER AND STILL SEE 7 TO 12 DEGREES DIFFERENCE . THE SECOND TIME THEY TOLD ME TO SEND THEM THE SENDER AND THEY WOULD CHECK IT OUT AND REPAIR OR REPLACE . I SUGGESTED THAT THEY SEND ME A DIFFERENT SENDING UNIT AND I WOULD SEND THEM THE OLD ONE SO AS NOT TO BE WITHOUT USE OF THE REST OF THE WEATHER STATION FOR SEVERAL WEEKS . THEY SAID NO . THEY WOULD TRY TO HAVE IT BACK TO ME IN 3 WEEKS . I SAID THAT MAYBE IT WOULD BE BETTER FOR ME TO JUST RETURN THE WHOLE THING . THEY SAID THAT WOULD BE JUST FINE WITH THEM . I HAVE BEEN IN BUSINESS FOR OVER 34 YEARS AND WOULD NEVER TREAT A CUSTOMER LIKE THAT .
 The system works very well and after a tornadic storm hit our area in Alabama , the wind sensor failed and they replaced it.Don Coats
 I am happy with the weather station but very unsatisfied with the customer service . I have e-mailed them 3 time with a question and they have never replied .
 Before purchasing this weather station , I compared many of the available products . I took a gamble on La Crosse 2315 `` Professional '' Weather Station . On initial start-up I spent hours trying to get a signal from the Colorado station for the atomic clock . After 36 hours , and moving the station to every corner of my property - no results.The rain gauge did not work at all . The directions tell you to slowly pour water into the rain gauge and monitor the results . I feed over a half gallon of water over 45 minutes without any readings at all.The wind speed gauge is a joke . I set it up for testing in winds that would blow your hat off your head . The wind speed barely read over 6mph . I quickly returned this toy and purchased a Davis Vantage Pro2wireless weather station.The cost was more than double of the La Crosse , but guess what ; it works the way it is supposed to , it is made in America and is the industry standard for a `` Professional '' weather station.If you want to check outdoor temperature only , you will probably be happy with the lower end weather stations . they have a lot of `` cutesy '' features.If you want an accurate weather station to monitor the inside tracking of the weather , you get what you pay for . This one is not it.If you are serious about weather tracking , look at Davis ; But be prepared to `` pony up '' .
 this thing is a pretty good station if you just like to see what the temp . is outside , but it 's not good if you have to use it every day like I do . The wind sensor does n't work and the rain sensor is kinda iffy on accuracy . I would n't recomend it .
 I bought the weather station but I have a few problems as explained below :1 . The outdoor temp sensor is inacurate , over reads by 5-7 Deg C. 2 . Indoor temp over reads by 3-4 deg C. 3 . The outdoor humidity sensor is highly inacurate , way out .4 . I have yet to get another devise to check the acurracy of the wind speed .5 . At times the outdoor sensor switches itself off for a duration of 30 - 40 min for some unknown reasons , I can not find out why .6 . The power supply conector do n't have a good contact to the main unit.They should make this things more accurate and reliable then just the good looks .
 This thing needs a re-design . It 's using last generation LEDs . They 're not very bright and are un-focused . I compared this unit to a minature LED flashlight with new generation LEDs and one-tenth of the battery mass . I could n't see how cooked my steak was with the Zelco practically sitting right on top of the meat , but the minature flashlight from 3 feet away showed that it was still rare.I 'm returning this unit immediately .
 I own 4 La Crosse Radio Controlled clocks -LRB- 2xWS-8007 , 1xWS-8157 , 1xWT-2171 and 1 La Crosse WT-981L Radio Controlled watch . This model , WS-8007 , has the poorest receiver of all of these La Crosse clocks . The watch and the other two clocks pick up the 60kHz signal from anywhere in the house , but this model HAS to be near a window . Could be poor electronics or poor tuning of the internal antenna.I also own an Atomix 005821A and it works everywhere except my office at work , which works about 25 % of the time.I do not recommend this particular model .
 A major concept of an `` atomic '' clock to me meant I would not have to reset it for DST . Other clocks in my home took care of it . I waited two weeks , and this clock did not . I ca n't trust if for the true time , so I am sorry I purchased it .
 Hi , Neem oil works very well , and seems to be a great all natural insecticide . I would recommend this product to everybody because it works very well , but it STINKS , so use outside or have a good attic vent fan . Most of the stink dissipates within 8 or 12 hours but still lingers for a couple of days . The ONE star rating is because the package got here a month after it should have , and here is why . THELANDSCAPESTORE put the quart of oil in a thick envelope instead of a box like the second business I ordered from . And the USPS shipping place must have dropped something very heavy on it or thrown it off a building for the container to bust like it did , or maybe the cap was n't screwed on all the way , I 'll never know . But I wish I would have been there in the building when that stuff all leaked out . Just that one quart spilled would make a building stink very bad . I would have LMAO , they probably called HazMat and homeland security or whoever else . Well I lost $ 30 , no big deal really , but everybody hates wasting money .
 works great on dogs , the patch of hair is growing back on my keeshound but it smells horrible and it 's tough to get them to eat it .
 After I ordered this product from Amazon , I found it the next day at a local retailer for half the price I paid on Amazon . Lesson learned . As I am typing this review , I have just killed yet another of the flying insects I bought the Neem Oil for . It is ineffective . I used two applications . The insects seem instead to THRIVE on the stuff ! My plants look worse ! My poor family has been subject to the awful smell of Neem Oil and I feel duped . I will never buy it again . I will have to throw my plants away along with the remaining Neem Oil .
 We have been spraying this and garlic oil on our property to help with pest control - mosquitoes etc. . I seem to be covered in a spray of it and yet the mosquitoes still eat me alive . The animals do n't seem to be much happier either . I do n't know quite what it is doing , but it is n't doing much.Heather
 After reading all the reviews I still fell for it when read in the description `` Manufactured in Vermont , this classic thermometer is guaranteed for life ! '' Stamped right on the box I received is `` Made in China '' . My fault for thinking that maybe they were actually now making them in Vermont as stated in the description . It 's kind of expensive for a fake .
 The first unit I purchased had to be returned almost immediately . The needle would hang up at a random position and when I tapped the unit , it would then correct the needle position . I have given the replacement unit two years and it also behaves this way -LRB- not as bad -RRB- . However , the temperature is innacurate by 3 to 10 degrees typically . I wish I had not spent the money on this product .
 The brass work and glass tube are nice enough , but the thermometer is cheap and inaccurate . After separating several times , it failed completely less than 2 years after purchase .
 I am SO disappointed because I really liked how this thermometer looked . Too bad it gives a ridiculous reading . Yes it was a warm day , but all the weather channels and internet readings said 65 - this thermometer read 92 - today it says 79 when most reports say 70 - so its not even consistent in its inconsistency . I would love to get my money back for this one but I waited too long to install it . What a waste !
 I thought the reading on the left was Centigrades , but it is an unknown variable , I have n't been able to find out what it is .
 I installed this thermometer last summer outside on my front porch , in the shade.A year later , after the winter rains got to it , the dial has rusted into place and it now permanently says 68 degrees . So it gets a pretty poor rating for durability.Before it died , I was never quite confident that it was accurately reporting the temp . What 's the point of a thermometer if it does n't tell you the temperature?Waste of money .
 Quit after months . Very inaccurate . Constant separation of liquid in thermometer tube . I bought because I thought I could trust a local -LRB- Vermont -RRB- company and besides , it looked nice . Shame on me for not doing thorough homework , the company -LRB- now Weims and Plath -RRB- for merchandising as '' made in Vermont '' -LRB- actually China -RRB- , and Amazon for selling . I 'm disappointed . Piece of junk .
 I should have done my homework and read the customer reviews prior to my purchase . With all the poor reviews of inaccurate temperatures perhaps its time for Amazon.com to take this product off its shelves . Just another sign of the times , paying a premium does not mean your getting quality.agCape Cod
 This is a very nice looking thermometer , unfortunately the temperature is at least five degrees off . If you just want something for decoration it 's fine but if you want to know the temperature buy something else .
 I was excited about this thermometer when it first arrived . This is exactly what I need , nice and visible through my kitchen window . It is beautiful and -LRB- mostly -RRB- well designed . It had one major issue - this 180.00 dollar thermometer was off by a full 3 degrees . I have a high mechanical skill level , so I completely disassembled the unit and painstakingly moved the actual glass thermometer body to the appropriate place on the numbered strip , a process which took several hours . Very few people would be able to handle this operation . In case you 're wondering how I knew it was n't properly calibrated , I compared it to 3 other good -LRB- small -RRB- thermometers and then sat it in a 50/50 solution of water and ice -LRB- which is exactly 32 degrees -RRB- All my other thermometers appropriately read 32 . If you want accuracy think twice about this thermometer .
 Was not described well ... its the size of my hand ... it dosnt keep tempature.it constantly sais its . 45 degrees & cost wayy to much . . if I wanted a toy I would have ordered a toy ... Making matters worse , I was unable to return the almost 50 $ item because I make my orders from my phone & was unable to print my own return address labels ... not happy @ all ... it now someplace in a landfill , because it was put exactly were it belongs . IN THE TRASH
 I was very disappointed when I discovered that this particular T-6 Vermont Thermometer was `` Made in CHINA '' . I own other Conant Brass products and have been very pleased w / them . When this T-6 arrived , I placed it beside the Conant thermometer I 've had on the front porch for years . It was reading off by several degrees , so I looked at it closer . CHINA was stamped on the back of the brass housing . The product packaging seemed to indicate it was made in Vermont , so I studied the box for about 10 minute before I found the very inconspicuos `` Made in China '' inside one of the Conant Brass trademark circles on the bottom of the box.Although Conant Brass did n't say it was made in the USA , there was that implication . The fact that the required `` Made in China '' label on the box was so deceptively ? hidden really angered me . I returned it .
 I ordered this because I like the look of the brass holder . I read the reviews that complained about the numbers being too small , but that did not bother me . -LRB- My husband thought it was too small to read though , so he agrees with other reviewers . -RRB- When it arrived , it read the accurate temperature inside , so I hung it up outside . When it was outside , the temperature was not reading accurately . It was anywhere from 10 to 20 degrees above the actual temp. , so I contacted Amazon and they sent me a replacement . In the meantime , we had some really cold days , and the thermometer seemed to start registering correctly . Who knows ? When the second one arrived , I put it out next to the first . The second one registered anywhere from 5 to 10 degrees above the first one . So , I am not sure how accurate these thermometers are ... Anyways , I ended up returning the second one as it seems the first ended up being closer to the actual temperature -LRB- at least I think ! -RRB- follow up - Sept 2009 - the thermometer is now stuck at 63 degrees ... pretty sure it is not always 63 degrees here !
 I bought 4 of these ; three gifts , one for myself . Mine is not accurate and at least 2 of the others are not . The thermometer will read well below freezing when it is clearly above freezing , and this is with due regard to micro-climates , I 'm talking about inches away . Many reviewers say their thermometers are accurate . I have to assume this is another instance of Chinese quality control . If I had bought these thermometers as decorative objects I would have rated them more highly , but I wanted to know the temperature . In this case I feel I did not get what I paid for . Apparently it 's a gamble .
 After about 4 years the white face on this thermometer started flaking and is now completely unreadable . One day it just started peeling and flaking and now the needle will not move . The brass and all other parts seem fine but this thing is not built to last ! We live in Wisconsin so it gets cold but , the numbers go to -40 so the cold should not hurt it ?
 Considering the high price for this thermometer I figured it would be well made . There are two fixed circles of metal . The outside is brass with numbers cut out showing the inside ring in a different color . I was excited because it was going down to -20 degrees and I wanted to see how accurate it was . Unfortunately the free spinning temperature indicator gets stuck . The outside brass circle is attached in a SLIGHT oval and the indicator hits it . Not fixable . Now I have to figure out how to deal with the warranty . Very frustrating considering it was a gift to my wife.Update
 I love the looks , but who would put up with a pair of scales this inaccurate , even if the scales were great design?Conant
 NOT GOOD . I mounted this thermometer outside of 2nd story kitchen window in the casing . My wife loves the look of the brass looking out from the kitchen - SHE JUST WISHES IT WAS ACCURATE ! The needle sticks at random temperatures from day to night and is so unreliable -LRB- Last night temps went to 19Deg . but thermometer stuck at 30deg . so when you look at it in the morning you have no idea what temps are - today temp reached 44 degrees thermometer still says 30 . I open the window and give it a tap with my finger and it adjusts to the correct temp ... however predictably it will stick on the way down tonight -RRB- I have exchanged it and the REPLACEMENT DID NOT WORK EITHER . RETURNED BOTH - NOW I HAVE TWO HOLES IN MY WINDOW CASING . Anyway that 's my experience with this thermometer . I will be looking for better quality unit -LRB- NOT CONANT -RRB- that might cover the hole pattern of this aggravating unit . PS
 I got this thermometer because I liked the classic look . But no matter how attractive , an inaccurate thermometer is worthless ! It read a steady 70 degrees through days and nights of temperatures that actually fluctuated between 50 and 80 . After a heat wave , it did decide that 90 degrees was a more accurate reading , but again , it picked a temperature and stuck with it for days . Worthless . It 's now in a landfill and I 'm looking for another thermometer . This time I 'll settle for ugly .
 I asked for a product made in the USA . Vermont is in the USA but made in China is not .
 looks nice but is sometimes as much as 10 degrees off the actual temperature . i have two other thermometers and when i compare them to each other and what weather.com says , they are all within a degree or two . then i look at the conant and it 's 10 degrees warmer . junk .
 I had ordered this thermometer thinking it was made in USA ; however , the product delivered was made in China . The accuracy is quite poor , with outdoor temperature measured at 23 degrees vs. the on-line reported temperature of 16 degrees at that time . I tried other thermometers over the course of more than an hour which were within 2 degrees of eachother , but the Vermont Grande was still 6-7 degrees higher than any other type placed in the same location at the same time . Much like the experience of another reviewer - I will be returning the item .
 . . the growing list of customers who are dismayed by the fact that this thermometer was manufactured in China . I owned two that were made in the USA , but one was stolen off my front porch steps this fall , so I purchased this one from Amazon to replace it.Mine came with no brass mounting screws , and the bracket seems rather thin and flimsy . But , I found two brass screws in my stock of screws , and after a bit of a problem with the flexing mount , got it up.But now I either have to take it down and return it , or live with the fact that the thermometer is not accurate and read about five degrees too low . On this , the third day of operation it is reading three degrees too high . So much for `` past '' good old American quality and dependability , so I guess I will have to return it before the return window closes .
 I bought this item to keep outside my kitchen window so I could see the outside temp when I got up in the morning . It seemed to work fine at first but over time , about a year , the accuracy has diminished quite substantially . It is now 33 deg F outside and the unit is indicating 42 deg F. I am now searching for a replacement but you can bet that I will not buy another one of these !!!
 When this unit arrived it was not consistant with the temperature meters that were available in the immediate area . I called the distributer and they said it had to be locally calibrated . ??? . I never heard of this before , but followed instructions and did as they said . On average days , it is fairly accurate , but like today , when the temp is 81 , this measures close to 100 . As far as i am concerned it is totally useless . On the plus side , it has a very nice look .
 Flimsy Chinese product , very poorly constructed . Does not dig into the turf deep enough to do its job . You 'll be MUCH better off getting the step aerator or the shoe bottom types . At least they will help .
 This product is as worthless as teats on a boar hog . It will not do the job it 's advertised to do . Keep your money and use it for a steak dinner.Rolling Lawn Aerator
 I have not used this product , but spike aerators do not do what a lawn requires . Core aeration is a far superior method of aerating . Hire a local lawn maintenance company to do the job for you , or rent the machine and do it yourself .
 Although assembly does take a bit of work , it was n't too difficult . My problem with this is that it does n't have much weight to it to sink the spikes into the ground . If you push it hard enough it does work on soil that is fairly soft already , but for soil that has compacted from foot traffic the spikes just glance over the surface . I even tried lashing a rock to the handle just above the spike wheel , but that did n't help much either.If your looking for something that will help with upkeep on a lawn that is n't having problems this is probably okay , but if your trying to repair areas that are already compacted you 'll need something more substantial . -LRB- Since this does disassemble fairly easily and was relatively cheap I 'm going to create a `` potato masher '' aerator with the parts from this . -RRB-
 I had to purchase the handle and screws , drill two holes and install the handle . Then I tried to use it on my lawn . I found that the aerator was wayyyyy too light to puncture any holes in my lawn . When I put downward pressure on the aerator , it bent .
 The only way this tool would be useful would be if the ground was already loosened up . this is not realistic at all .
 Does not work on hard soil . If soil is already soft you do not have to Aerator.Trash . I ca n't give mine away
 THIS AERATOR MIGHT BE VERY EFFECTIVE , IF , & WHEN I AM ABLE TO ASSEMBLE IT . THE DESIGN REQUIRES THE INSERTION OF6 BARS WHICH MUST BE INSERTED INTO BOTH WHEELS ALL AT THE SAME TIME . THIS EFFORT COULD BRING A GROWN MAN TO HISKNEES .
 This is probably one of the worst purchases I have made on Amazon . It does NOT come with a handle so if you do decide to buy this plan on spending $ 10 more on the handle and drilling the holes . Also does not work properly on the lawn . Needs more weight .
 We have several clocks in our house that list both the indoor and outdoor temperatures . This Lacrosse wall clock is always off by anywhere from 2 to 15 degrees . We are very disappointed .
 I purchased two of these clocks , one for myself and one for my mother . Both have had the same problems in that they do not display the outdoor temperature and do not change time automatically for Daylight Savings Time . I have tried to reset the clock , change the batteries , etc. numerous times with no luck . The other issue is that it does not change with the new start of DST . It is a nice looking clock and as long as that is all you are looking for and do n't mind changing the time twice a year , it will work fine . If you are looking for a set and forget it clock with outside temps , look elsewhere .
 I was extremely disappointed with this clock . I purchased tit for it 's high reviews and brand name but out of the box it had a plethora of issues . The time is consistently incorrect causing me to rely more on my phone clock than this `` timepiece '' . Its has never synced to the outdoor temp sensor even with it sitting next to it for a day . This is truly sad because I love the look and price of the piece but as it stands I would simply not recommend it to anyone unless you intend to look use it as a sculptural piece and nothing else .
 can not get then outside temp , maybe someone can help me find out what the problem is . also I thought it would set to day light saving time
 the thermo for the outside is about 20 deg . off higher than the true temp . The clock is great as is the moon phase
 I bought 28 of them to put in our elementary and high school classrooms . Within two months I was getting complaints that the batteries needed to be replaced . Every one and a half to two months all twenty-eight clocks need their batteries changed . It has become quite an expensive nightmare to deal with . We thought this would be the perfect clock for us because we are a mountain community and experience power outages regularly so the battery feature is important to us , and the atomic function keeps everyone on the same time . You may want to include in the description of this item that it has a voracious appetite for batteries . Also the outside temperature sensors do not work on any of these clocks . That was another big waste of batteries . At the time I also bought a dozen of the analog atomic clocks , we 've had them amost two years and have n't had to change a battery in any of them yet.La Crosse Technology WT-3122A 12 1/2 - Inch Wood Atomic Analog Clock
 I 've had it a few days and it seems to be keeping correct time and temperature - I found that it is important to put the batteries in the outdoor sensor first , and the clock second . The broken-english instructions state this as well.Getting reception of the atomic clock was dicey at first - the instructions say to point the face of the clock in the general direction of Ft. Collins , CO if you have problems . So now I have it on the counter facing that way - at first I tried hanging it on a wall facing north and the time kept going wrong.The one thing that just bugs me is that the moon phases are displayed incorrectly -LRB- well not incorrectly , but unintuitively -RRB- - we 're basically talking about black lcd print on a silver background , but a full moon is a black circle , while a new moon is a silver circle . I would expect it to be displayed the same way a newspaper displays the moon phases with black print - filled black circle new moon , unfilled black circle full moon . I see reviews for this product going back almost 5 years mentioning this , so do n't expect a fix from La Crosse.It is about 12x8 inches , so it has a nice large display .
 I live in NY and I ca n't get an atomic clock signal . Where doyou put the remote if it 's not water proof ?
 I have 3 lacross clock weather stations and they all are JUNK ! Outdoor sensor failed almost immediately , still under waranty , but I call tech support and they never answer or call back . Do n't waste your money on any Lacross Junk .
 I currently have the ` Weather Channel ' version of this same clock made by La Crosse Technology . The outdoor transmitter has never worked correctly and after repeated attempts to reset it -LRB- a pain in the shorts process of battery juggling between the transmitter and main clock -RRB- I am ready to trash this piece of junk . The clock works fine but the whole reason I purchased this clock was so I could get the outside temp . Save your $ or spend it on another more reputable brand .
 They have been around for some time . My first one seemed fine until DST when I found out it did not adjust `` atomically '' as advertised , but just used the calendar . I could have set that manually if it had allowed me to choose a time zone east of Boston . After extensive email activity , LaCrosse sent me another one . It truly noticed something changed on the correct DST date - it turned wildly for more than 24 hours . Eventually I pulled the battery to stop that . After letting any residual charge leak out for a week , I hoped it would reset , but it never did . I 've given up on it .
 I purchased this item in early December for Christmas . It qualified for the Super Free Shipping deal they were running at the time . It took over three weeks for this item to be shipped . I did n't receive it until Christmas Eve . I will NEVER use Amazon again unless they improve their so called FREE SHIPPING Offers . It was not worth the headache or anxiety that it caused .
 The clock arrived almost a week ago . Just for grins I did not set the time so I could see when it updated itself to the correct time . It still has n't . So much for checking every night . I suspect the problem is that we are in Boston and Colorado is a long ways away . It probably works fine for most of the country . I put it in a West facing window just in case . Otherwise this looks like a good clock and the wireless outdoor thermometer is cool but I bought it for the automatic update feature .
 I let this run for over about 2 weeks before I wrote this review and so far I 'm not impressed at all . At first I put the receiver and clock in the exact same location so I could make sure they were calibrated , which it was , down to the 10th of a degree . I then moved the receiver about 10-15 feet outdoors . It does well in the 10s , 20s , and 30s and accurately displays the outdoor temps in the mornings and evenings . I checked and verified with both Weather.com and another indoor/outdoor device I have . Last week was into the negatives and 0s and it performed terrible . I sat and watched it for a few minutes and it kept toggling between -3 and 4 , changing the temps every few seconds . It also did n't perform well this weekend when the sun came out . The actual temps were in the low 30s , and I have the receiver in the sun -LRB- I ca n't really avoid it -RRB- , it was reporting the temp was 68.1 degrees , clearly wrong . I have to imagine in the summer it will be highly inaccurate as well . If i remember , I 'll update my review!Another problem is how close the digital display in the second row is to the plastic pieces that say &#34; Indoor , Radio Controlled , and Outdoor &#34; . The 7 's are really hard to read and blends in with the black plastic , I had a hard time differentiating between a 7 and a 1 . There 's just not enough space between the top of the number and the plastic . Bad design.My last problem was finding a good location for it , placing it on top of a refrigerator or any other item taller than you and I , it becomes un-readable , the device has a stand to it , but it lays it back at an angle that makes reading the digital times very hard . Again , bad design and did the company even test this ?! I had to place this on a wall at about eye level for it to be useful and readable.The main reason I purchased this is to record the outdoor temps each morning and evening when I 'm checking my fire , and it seems to work well at those times , so I 'm going to keep it and I 'll use my second temp monitor to check for consistency plus weather app.Would I buy this again ? NO.But , if you want something cheap and somewhat accurate , this item is for you !
 Bought this clock on Amazon February 2012 with inside and outside temperature read outs . All went OK until the end of July 2012 when the outside temperature sensor failed to work ... ` outside ' . I noticed a bluish green substance coming from inside the sensor body . I contacted Lacrosse Technology about the outside sensor failure and they diagnosed the problem as corrosion ... which they do not cover in the their warranty . The reason for the corrosion is the higher humidity that comes with the warmer spring/summer weather combined with the poor design of the sensor that fails to insulate it against such NORMAL outside conditions . Bottom line
 Gave as a gift and was recently told it wont pick up the exterior temperature . I have tried new batteries and resetting it , but nothing . Nice look , but not working .
 My Father loves knowing the temperatures and comparing day to day , highs and lows , etc. . He had this item and I bought one for my home so when he asked my local temperatures we could compare . His outdoor temperature monitor broke after a year and mine broke after 6 months . For Christmas this year I bought him a new one and the external temperature only reads if the temperature is above 35 degrees . Since we live in central Ohio that means he wo n't be able to know the external temp until March rolls around . And he will only be able to use it if the product lasts those 3 months . This is the THIRD time this product has failed . La Crosse Technology is not good quality technology .
 After repeated attempts and multiple locations the clock was unable to -LRB- 1 -RRB- receive the WWVB signal and -LRB- 2 -RRB- display the correct outside temperature . Do n't waste your time and money buy another product .
 Clock has very good appearance , but external temperature function did not work . Manual , which arrived with clock , instructs users to call La Crosse Technology if there are problems . Not very helpful . When a user calls them , they take your information and tell you someone shall call you back in a few business days . Waited a few days and no call . I returned the clock to Amazon . Amazon promptly credited my credit card account for the purchase price . It 's been over a month now and still no call from La Crosse . My clock was probably an isolated defect , but I would not buy another La Crosse product because of the non-existent product support .
 Two years ago , my parents bought me one of these as a housewarming present . It was the cherry color and it was so lovely and worked so well that , when it was stolen during a robbery , I decided I had to replace it . So , about a year ago , I bought three of these -LRB- one in each color -RRB- . That 's how much I liked the first one . One worked - and continues to work - fine . Two of them -LRB- the oak and aluminum -RRB- had to be returned because they were defective and would n't register the outside temperature . We tried all the myriad , conflicting ` solutions ' provided by LaCrosse to get them to work , but their excreble support had us quickly turning to Amazon 's excellent return policy for help . Of the two new clocks we received , the oak one works just fine.The aluminum one worked for a while , and then stopped registering the outside temperature . Changing batteries and transmitters do nothing - it has simply failed . I know it is the clock and not the transmitter because the other clock I have -LRB- the cherry one -RRB- shows the outside temperature . The aluminum clock was n't dropped or even touched - it sat happily on a shelf , working nicely until it decided to not work.Because I like the clocks , and they are fairly inexpensive , I decided to replace it with , unwisely , another aluminum one . It arrived 3 or so days ago . Followed the instructions to set it up , and it worked . Yay ! Except ... last night , after having worked properly for ONE DAY , I look at it and ... it is n't displaying the outside temperature . What the heck ?! The cherry clock - which sits much farther away from the transmitter - continues to work . It 's just these darn aluminum ones that , apparently , suck . I 've since brought it in , changed the batteries in the clock and set the sensor ~ 3ft from the clock with absolutely nothing inbetween to interfere with the signal , and it STILL IS N'T WORKING!I guess I 'll have to take advantage , once again , of Amazon 's return policy and see if maybe , just maybe , the 4th aluminum clock I receive can work reliably.So , for the person considering purchasing this
 The Remote Temperature sensor does n't work on either of them more than 3 feet away . All around a piece of junk.La Crosse #WS -8117 U-IT-AL Digital Clock/TemperatureLa Crosse #WS -8117 U-IT-AL Digital Clock/Temperature
 You charged me shipping charges and the e-mail said that if I bought an item over a certan amount that I would not be charged shipping.The big thing is , the clock has a outside tempature monotor and the 1st time it rained it quit working . I have tried everything to get it working ie , replaced bateries , etc. . It still a no go.Chuck LewisLa Crosse Technology WS-8117U-IT-AL Atomic Clock with Remote Temperature -LRB- Purchased on 07/09/2009 -RRB- by La Crosse Technology
 orded clock on 2-14-09 very prompt recieved it on 2-17-09 very good time . it was used but like new to bad it did not work ! clock displays every thing except outside temp .
 This atomic clock has a nice clear display and it 's very attractive . I have not been able to get the outdoor sensor to transmit to the clock . I called LaCrosse Technology it was busy , I left a message , they never called back . I called another time and finally got through , the lady that answered the call , asked me what the expiration date on the AA batteries that I was using was . I told her 2011 , she told me they are too old and that I needed to buy batteries with a date of 2013 or later . I bought a set of 2013 batteries and still the sensor does not work . I just sent them an e-mail about the problem on 02/12/09 , I hope they will respond and send me a replacement outdoor sensor . If this does not work , I will return the whole thing back to Amazon .
 I wanted a wall clock that had a large display and showed the date , so I bought this one based on the reviews at the time . After having it for a bit I 'm really disappointed . Here are the problems I have with it :1 . The display is not back-lit , which makes it useless at nighttime in the dark .2 . It runs on batteries , which it consumes rather quickly .3 . It 's supposed to be an ` atomic clock ' , which suggests that it will set itself . But good luck ever getting it to even find the signal and keep it . Even if it does , the clock will only check itself once or twice a day , and only if it happens to have a signal at that point -LRB- which it probably wo n't -RRB- .4 . It 's not particularly aesthetically pleasing .5 . It has a sensor which you can mount outdoors -LRB- with a significant amount of effort -RRB- to tell you the temperature , but ... why ??? Does n't everyone have a cell phone that does that nowadays ??? Or better yet , a window or door that can tell you what the weather is like outdoors?Basically this thing is pretty useless and overpriced . Do n't bother .
 Purchased from Amazon.The product is set for EST , but ca n't get it to reset for Pacific Time zone , so is not usable.Have been a customer of Amazon for several years under this email address & bankjpc1@att.net, mostly DVD 's & a few other items , all at this mailing address .
 while the idea is excellent , the technology is faulty . i followed the instructions exactly . the time set itself and so did the temperature - only thing , the temperature sensor was defective.at one point , i had both the indoor and outdoor sensors about 1 yard away from each other and the temperature reading was over 1 degree different ! overall the temperature reading was 5 degrees off , when compared to two `` traditional '' thermometers.when i called cs they gave me these silly instructions to follow to `` reset '' the unit -LRB- press the reset button 25 times at 1 second intervals , c'mon -RRB- then i finally got an honest cs person who said the unit was defective . i have a feeling this company wo n't be around for too long .
 I had trouble for years with the reliability of the outside temperature . I purchased a new clock from Amazon recently hoping that the new outside temp sensor would work for both clocks . It did work for a couple days . I see lots of other reviewers are experiencing the same problem and the support from La Crosse Technology is poor . I am returning the clock to Amazon for a full refund . Thank you Amazon for your return policy .
 The clock has a sleek design and works fine except for the outside temp reading . It worked great for two weeks then failed . Changed batteries twice but never got it working again . Had to return product .
 I may have got a defective piece . I had the problem of having to change the batteries every month.Unfortunately it happens after the return window hence you are stuck with it .
 The temperature remote reports outrageous temperatures and only for 5 minutes every few days ... What a piece of junk.The remote now has a huge melted bubble on it where something shorted out ?
 My husband loves gadgets and was enthralled with the idea of getting an atomic clock that would automatically change times with daylight savings and keep itself in sync with International Atomic Time . Sounds great , right ? Not having to reset clocks twice a year should be a huge time saver . Think of the precious seconds you can now spend with your loved ones!Now , let me ask you , which of your windows faces Colorado ? How many brand name alkaline batteries dated at least 7 years in advance do you own ? Do they test at least 1.48 on a voltmeter that reads in numbers ? Do you have up to five days to allow your clock to `` find '' the Colorado-broadcast radio signal before it will work ? Is this sounding like a bit more work than changing your clocks twice a year?Since I bought this clock six months ago , it has consumed about a dozen fresh , brand name alkaline batteries . -LRB- I do n't own a voltmeter that reads in numbers , so there 's that . -RRB- If the batteries in the outdoor sensor run out , it will cause the main clock to malfunction and display the wrong time . There is a proper sequence you must follow to change the batteries in the outdoor sensor , which includes taking the batteries out of the main clock , then placing the clock in your Colorado-facing window and waiting for up to five days . This is not remotely convenient . This is not saving me precious seconds.Contacting the manufacturer will result in an email with the clock 's FAQ cut and pasted into the body . SPOILER ALERT
 I replace the batteries , and then , less than a week later , I wake up to the alarm going off , with every setting reset and the time completely wrong . wonderful .
 I bought this product for my office so I could see the actual indoor and outdoor temperature in real time.The first thing that struck me about this item was the size . It is quite large . Unless you draw it on a large piece of paper via the dimensions it 's hard to comprehend the scale . I have owned several similar devices made by other manufacturers , but have never seen one quite this large . The metallic plates on the right and left of the screens does n't look bad , but it 's there only for the asthetic appeal and , in my opinion , makes the device too big to hang on the wall or place on a typical shelf unless you want this to be the centerpiece . I just want to know the temperature while I 'm in the room , not see it from across town.It was reasonably easy to setup and operated as expected . But then it stopped working . Only two weeks after putting the outdoor sensor in place the indoor screen stopped reporting the outdoor temperature . I tried all the tricks in the manual , including new batteries in both devices . I also tried contacting La Crosse Technology support . They use an answering service and told me that someone would call me back within 3 business days . 6 days later they did in fact return my call by leaving a message . When I called them back it went straight to voicemail . No thank you . I 'm out , as is this oversized door stop -LRB- back to Amazon -RRB- . May you be fortunate enough not to receive my refurbished unit once the factory tinkers with it . I would never buy another product from La Crosse . Life is too short .
 If La Crosse made this clock with any care it would be a really nice product . For several years , I 've had a slightly different model with wood accent panels instead of brushed aluminum and when the remote temperature sensor is working , it 's quite useful . I 've gone through several remote sensors , however , at $ 16 plus shipping apiece , and the clock seems to be unable to pick up the signal from the sensors in many cases even when the sensor is less than 10 ' away in line of sight through a window . Then the sensors stop working altogether for no good reason . Not optimal performance . The unit is well designed , lovely to look at it , but its remote temperature sensor and the corresponding receiver in the main unit are shabbily manufactured and unreliable . Anyone interested in a remote temperature sensor would be well advised to look for a different manufacturer .
 This clock does n't do what it 's supposed to do . It does n't keep accurate time and it does n't update automatically with daylight savings time . I 've had other atomic clocks in the same location and they worked just fine . I got this one for the temperature sensor , but it run slow by 11 minutes and it is getting slower all the time . Replacing the battery does n't help . The one thing an atomic clock should do is KEEP ACCURATE TIME ! This product is junk , DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 I love the concept and was excited to receive the unit within 24 hours . I followed all the startup instructions but the outside temperature sensor would not display.Tried
 The clock keeps changing to a different time zone and the purchase disappeared from my record so I could not return it on Amazon . I am stuck with a clock that does not work properly . Failing grades for both La Crosse and Amazon . I am very dissapointed .
 Time works fine . Temperature is inaccurate for a digital device , and has no means of calibration . Outside temperature sensor is not water proof so I do n't see the point of calling it an outside sensor .
 I bought this item as a gift for the outdoor temperature feature . The item looks great , but it ends up being just an expensive clock because the temperature sensor does not work ! After reading other reviews it seems like other people had this problem after it rained . What good is an outdoor sensor if it stops working after raining ? This is my first time giving a 1 star rating for any product I 've purchased on Amazon . WASTE OF MONEY .
 We 've owned several atomic clocks/weather stations and never had a problem with them receiving the atomic signal from Ft. Collins , CO , which is only 600 miles away . Yet despite resetting this clock several times and trying it on every wall in every room of the house , the atomic signal never connected . That makes the moon phase , automatic daylight savings time reset and other features useless . The outdoor temperature sensor worked fine but stops at 109 degrees , OK if you live in North Dakota but not so helpful in Phoenix , Dallas or Las Vegas . The clock is EXTREMELY difficult to program without the atomic signal . It also shows P.M. hours in military time . There is no backlight , not even an option for temporary illumination . Nice clear display & clean , sleek styling . OK I guess if you live in Ft. Collins ; if not , pick up a regular battery-operated clock for six or eight bucks at Target .
 The time and the indoor thermometer work well . But the outdoor thermometer has not worked . I have called the company several times , but received only one response and that not helpful . Disappointing product .
 The outdoor temperature sensors do n't work consistently . I spent most of the day yesterday , into the night , trying to get both clocks to work with one temperature sensor , and it did work once . Finally I set them with both sensors , and that worked , but when I put the sensors outside they quit working . They had been outside in that same spot for about a month before I decided to try to get them both to work with one sensor . After I put the sensors outside , one would quit , and I would have to reset it , then the other would quit . I finally got both working , and put them back outside , but much closer to the clocks . That had not been a problem before . This morning , both are still working ! However , one of the clocks had reset its time and was 3 hours ahead of my time zone . And the two clocks do n't have the same indoor temperature , even though I had both clocks side-by-side for a while last night . They are about 2 degrees apart . These clocks seem to be a lot more unstable than they used to be . I 'm disappointed , but will keep them as long as they keep running . I have a lot of plants that are sensitive to cold and I need to be able to see what the outdoor temp is , and have n't found another clock that works for me so far .
 This is a useless POS . The outdoor temp function worked for 5 days . Sometimes the clock wo n't set correctly . Customer service has produced a series of boilerplate emails . The only good thing is that I do n't have much invested in it . I intend to get my money 's worth out of it with a large hammer .
 As some other customers in their reviews already mentioned , the ouside temp . transmiter does not work properly . Will go for another brand !
 The outside temperature transmitter does not work . I followed the instructions numerous times and this thing just is n't any good . Its a waste of money . Buy another brand .
 This is an ATOMIC clock . When you buy an atomic clock , you expect a certain level of function . This clock does not give you anywhere near that . This is a DIGITAL clock with a thermometer . It is also a battery hog . If you want an atomic clock that self-programs and actually does what you 'd expect , look elsewhere .
 OK , got the clock and tried to set it up .1 -RRB- There is no back lighting on this clock so forget about seeing time in low light or dark . - Bad design .2 -RRB- After several attempts of pulling the batteries from the clock and the temp transmitter as per instructions , the clock never sync 'd with the NIST station . I gave it over night and still was not set in the morning.Very disappointed with the clock and if I had n't needed to destroy the packaging getting to it , I might have sent it back . Not worth the trouble.I would look for another clock with better features , back lighting.Can ' t understand how the other reviewers could rate it so high when you ca n't see the time in the dark ?
 I bought it and used it for 3 months . First of all , for over $ 30 , this is a very cheap clock . It 's extremely light and feels as if it 's going to break with the slightest movements . The display is terrible , with some of the parts cutting out , and in general , it is just not a good clock .
 I was so excited when I ordered this clock , but after the first month the outdoor sensor stopped working so we had no more outdoor Temp . Also this thing burns through batteries like nothing . After about a month on a fresh pair the clock start displaying totally wrong times because it 's already killed the batteries and wants to eat another pair . Into the trash with this thing !!!
 I had a little trouble initially getting the outdoor temp . to display . But eventually got it to work . However , not even a week after setting it up , the low sensor battery display is showing and I am not getting an outside temp . Now I did n't use any cheap batteries either . I used Energizer , which have always lasted very long for every other use . I do n't know about anyone else , but I do n't want to replace batteries every week just to get the temp . from my room . The reason I bought this was for the outdoor temp . so therefore , I wasted my money ,
 This review is after owning the clock for 2 years . I preferred this since it was matching my furniture . Even after following all the instructions , it would not show outdoor temperature . Then I decided to return it and get another one . The new clock started working perfectly . Atomic clock showing different moon phases , indoor and outdoor phases . unfortunately it lasted only for 3 months and then stopped showing outdoor temperature . after 1 yr of use , the clock was not Atomic anymore and stopped working . tried changing batteries multiple times with no success . Not recommended.Pros
 I use Lacrosse in my home , this was to be a gift . It came with some ceramic flower pots . Non of tthe objects were packed securely the pots were broken and bouncing around with the clock , so it goes back as well.I do n't know right now whether the seller 's shipped I think they came from the ware house , so pay attention to who is shipping you packages this is the crazy time of year .
 I have had this product before and it worked great so I ordered a second one for a different location . On the second one the remote sensor would not display the outdoor temp . I went on line and tried everything that was recommended on the web site . Nothing worked so I contacted La Crosse customer support . I could not find a phone number so I sent an e-mail . It took two weeks to get a canned e-mail response telling me to try all the things that I had already tried . I was convinced the sensor was defective so I ordered a second one . The second one did n't work either so I am convinced something is wrong in the Clock . After another 10 days went by with no response from La Crosse so I returned everything to Amazon . Amazon is fantastic on returns.These devices are great when they work but if it does n't , do n't waste time with La Crosse customer support .
 The outdoor temperature sensor stopped working within 6 months . Customer service response has been slow and unsatisfactory . Basically I am stuck with a non-working temperature guage .
 This clock was recieved defective and it cost $ 9.00 to ship it for repair . This was not a good deal .
 This item is an expensive picec of junk ! I 've had 2 of these in the past 2 years and after about a year of working the sensor goes bad . Tried replacing the batteries , but the unit worked for a short time and then died . Great looking clock but definitely not worth the money . Replacement sensors cost more than the unit itself ! Try another brand .
 This clock is okay . The size is great . It takes quite some time for the clock to `` download '' -LRB- about 24 hours for the moon phase -RRB- and the outdoor temperature gauge did n't work .
 I 've now had this for about three months . I have to reset it weekly as the temperature sensor quits working and temperature reverts to indoor temp . Now it has quit altogether . I 've tried replacing batteries and moving the unit and sensor and nothing helps . It is going to be returned !
 Well , when it worked it was great . The outdoor temperature sensor stopped working after about a year . The clock stopped working after about 2 years . Now I 'm looking for a new clock .
 The outdoor temperature does not work . This was a gift and the receiving party has tried many batteries and move the sensor to different locations . Still does not function . The clock works just fine . How can this problem be resolved ? A new temperature sensor would be accetable . Shirley Taylor
 Worked well for about two years , then it would not display outdoor temperature and finally failed completely . Would not recommend .
 The display on the clock was way too difficult to see unless you were very close to it . My other atomic clocks have a much more visible display . I sent the clock back .
 I would send this back to Taiwan if I could . Amazon should put the country of origin in their postings . Do n't buy this , support our American Workers , our American Economy , and our American Way of Life by buying American !
 Only works on thick paper stock -LRB- not magazine print paper . -RRB- When I try to punch regular magazine paper it gets caught inside the punch and ruins the edges of the punch -LRB- not a clean cut -RRB- ; it 's useless .
 The punch part is n't very sharp . you have to have a certain type of paper that 's not too thick or too thin for it to cut .
 I purchased this item , because I was looking for a puncher that allows to precisely position and cutout circles with printed elements . Receiving it I liked the design and the way it is handled like pliers/scissors rather than the trandition punchers , that one operates with the thumb . Though I was already worried about the durabilty of the tool , due to the very flexible and weak plastic handles , I appreciated that the punch itself was at least made out of cast iron . After around some 40-50 punches the tool broke . I opened it up and realized that the mechanism transforming the rotational movement of the handles into the translational movement of the puncher uses thin plastic guiders that broke due to the `` intense '' usage of 40 punches.This could be easily fixed by slightly changing the design and casting the guiders to the frame instead of using the outer plastic casing for guidance . I called up Fiskars hotline and filed a complaint . They sent me a replacement tool at no cost , which I have to point out as good customer service -LRB- earning them a second STAR -RRB- , though the deficit of the device is still present . This tool is not the type of quality that I expect from Fiskars . Unfortunately unless one wants to punch the very thin `` Chinese style '' paper and only use the puncher about 10 times , I do not recommend this tool .
 Does n't work as expected . Cuts thin paper , but its hard to slip the paper out of the cutter with out tearing it . Does n't work with thicker papers , which is what I actually needed it for , to make tags .
 This is the biggest waste of money . I was hoping to cut through 3 layers of melted together wax paper for a project I am doing . I was shocked to find that this piece of garbage wo n't even cut a clean circle through one piece of regular lined paper or parchment paper . It just squishes the paper and cuts 3/4 of the circle and then rips the rest of the page trying to get it out . It jams ever second cut and broke before I even got it out of the package -LRB- the flimsy plastic handle -RRB- . This is a piece of JUNK do n't waste your money . Will be contacting their customer service reps , nice lifetime warranty .
 For my side projects , I needed a 2 '' circle cutter - and I thought since Fiskar 's had great scissors , I could n't go wrong . Unfortunately , that was the wrong attitude ! My paper is constantly getting stuck in the blade and causes tearing . Plus , sometimes I use a thicker paper than normal notebook paper I get jagged rough edges from where the blade is getting dull . On top of that , the punch always leaves a little tag left around the edge , So I never get a clean 2 '' circle!I have many other punches from other companies that I have using for far longer -LRB- EK Success to name a good one -RRB- and have never had a problem . I 'm now back on Amazon to find a replacement - one that 's not this one !
 The way this product works is that as you squeeze the cutting piece is spun and pushed up . this is achieved my small metal rods which stick out of the cutting piece and fit into tracks providing the desired path for the piece . now the problem is these tacks are plastic and after about an hour of repeated use , the product would occasionally stop working . shaking the product around sometimes helped.I decided to open up the product and see what was going on which is when i discovered the plastic tracks . they had been almost entirely eaten away and in pars simply had broken off . this resulted on the blade often popping out of its tracks making it impossible for the product to do its job until by chance , after lots of shaking around , it would fall back into the tracks.with the product working at a rate of about 1 disc per minute i decided to just take it apart again and manually push the blade into the paper i needed to cut . needless to say , as soon as i finished the project , i threw the thing out .
 This is the second Fiskar 's Squeeze Punch I 've bought . I returned the first one because it ripped the paper around the edges of the circle.Thinking it may have been a fluke , I bought another size.Better but the punched out circle still has tiny rips along the edges . Returning it tomorrow .
 I used my punch for the third time -- and the moving handle literally broke in my hands . I was not using a death grip ; indeed , I have rather small hands without a strong grip . The handle broke off and is irreparable . Oy .
 I love Amazon but the quality of this product is awful , it broke on my second attempt and the tiny margin for placement is just awfulFiskars Squeeze Punch , Large - Circle
 If you are punching items `` stand alone '' these are probably okay , although the spread on the handles is almost too wide for my hand to grasp comfortably . However , for me as a card maker , they are pretty much a loss because the depth is about 1/8 '' which is no good at all for positioning . I 'll figure out a way to make my circle dies from Spellbinders work . If you are looking at being able to position a circle cut on the interior of a page , do n't get this .
 had one of these for two seasons and at the end of the second season -LRB- last weekend -RRB- the reel broke into pieces when i tried to reel the hose out .
 This chime has a very pretty tone . Unfortunately , it 's designed in such a way that you 're rarely able to enjoy it . The wind catcher that hangs below the bell is very thin and extremely lightweight - so lightweight that it is unable to pull the striker sideways to hit the chime with any significant force . As a result , the only way the chime creates sound is if the wind catcher is blown to an angle of nearly 45 degrees and with some force . Gentle breezes do n't do the trick . The cast metal chime is lovely to look at , but if want sound in your garden , keep looking .
 Sounds great when chiming , however , the clapper is so heavy that it requires Hurricane force wind to contact the bell .
 Does not come with a handle .
 although amazon carries pick handles , there is no way to figure out which one fits this pick .
 My husband loves messing with small engines but refuses to keep up with the Mantis . I have the 2-stroke model , use once or twice a year for maybe 4 or 5 of the many years I 've owned it -LRB- had it for several years but starting it is such a pain , sometimes I go the season without the garden just to avoid dealing with the stress of the Mantis -RRB- . My Husband drains it and winterizes it along w / our leaf bower , power washer , lawn mower and motorcycles and every spring , each motor starts but not the Mantis . I have to take it to an authorized dealer if I want to use it -LRB- sometimes multiple times within the same summer period -RRB- just to get it to start . When my husband was willing to trouble shoot it on-line , he found numerous complaints and negative opinions on other web sites and blogs , all saying the same thing about its extremely high maintenance and terrible record for starting . We spend more time messing with the maintenance or hauling it to the shop than we do tilling . The mechanic at the shop told me he see 's them a lot and the problem is usually when you do n't use `` fresh '' gas . We are not new to the use of pre-mixed gas as we use it in a lot our tools/toys -LRB- and yes , we are using the Mantis pre-mix and the correct ratio -RRB- but we believe `` non-fresh '' does n't mean `` old '' for the Mantis . It means `` new '' which is not practical for us . We do n't ditch the remaining gas mix in our Mantis gas can after each use planning to make a fresh batch at the moment before we plan to use it a few weeks later . My husband told be to throw it away -LRB- not even bother to sell it -RRB- . He figures for the labor costs to keep it operating we can rent a real roto-tiller and still come out ahead financially .
 My Mantis tiller is two years old , has less than 5 hours run time on it , and does n't run . I 'm told that if the fuel is n't drained completely immediately after every use , the carburetor will become clogged and render the machine useless . I own 5 other pieces of small power equipment which all run very well and none of them have any such reqirement . Mantis buyer beware !
 I , too , was completely satisfied with the efectiveness of this pressure washer -LRB- pw -RRB- . However , during the first usage of my pw , the plastic intake connecting the hose to the compressor broke off without any undo tension on the hose . In fact , there was considerable slack left in the hose . Because I could not find the receipt , Karcher would not replace this equipment . Also , I sent an e-mail asking if they could n't inspect my pw and determine its age or extent of usage . I got no reply -LRB- I did get a reply to an earlier e-mail -RRB- . So , be careful when using this pw and save that receipt .
 I will never buy another Karcher product again , I used the unit 4 times , the pump leaked , brought it to their service center , Got nothing but run around and after 5 months I still do n't have a pressure washer . They done nothing ... and DID NOT follow up on what they said they would do . They do n't keep records of what 's going on . NEVER AGAIN . !
 I bought this item because the description said `` Turn your hose into a pressure washer ! '' While I did n't quite expect that , I did expect more than what it is . As a nozzle it seems to be of good enough quality , but a $ 10 nozzle from a local home improvement store provides just as much pressure.If you need a pressure washer , buy a pressure washer .
 Great idea , handy handle and soap mixed well.BUT handle broke with very little usage making it unusable.Would NOT buy it again .
 Our feeder fell apart in less than a year -- my husband glued it back together -- but then the top hinge gave way and the top fell off.We had had a similar feeder before that lasted for years !
 The squirrels found the feeder immediately and I loved watching them coming and going , but the lid came off the hinge on the second day which I glued back on but by the second week the squirrels had almost pulled the whole thing apart . It is supposed to be guaranteed but the construction is poor and I will buy a different brand next time .
 This feeder fell apart after one night , I had to put screws in it to put it back together , the staples they used came apart . Waste of money for me .
 This looks so cute , and I love how it works , but I was very surprised to see how easily the squirrels managed to take this one apart.It looks very sturdy , but is held together by staples , which pulled out.First the bottom part of the feeder -LRB- the part that has the ledge on it , and is connected to the side panels and plastic cover -RRB- pulled off , leaving the feeder back and top connected to the tree . The squirrels were puzzled when they 'd run to it and it was just the top.I unscrewed it , took it down and used a nail gun to put back together.I also put screws in through the front into the plastic so the squirrels ca n't lift out and remove the plastic piece in front.Then the critters opening and closing the top made the top flap come off . I found it lying on the ground , all the tiny screws worked out . There were only two on one side , though there were three holes.So I had to take the feeder down , take the hinge off the back part of the feeder , attach the flap part , then attach the whole thing to the feeder again.As I had it down , I could see that the bottom ledge part was coming off the side panels , and would have pulled out if I had n't taken it down to fixt the top.I 've drilled holes and put screws to hold it all together , and imagine it 'll last a LONG time now , and will know that if I were buying this feeder right now , I would go ahead and do that from the start.However , I 've bought less-expensive feeders from local home improvement stores , that have held up a lot longer without all the extra support.It would have lasted longer if the company had been able to use screws instead of skinny staples to hold it together.I may have just gotten ' a bad one ... ' I know that sometimes happens , so I 'm just reporting my experiences so you can make an informed decision.I hope it helps !
 I ordered 2 of these rosette heads for my watering cans . The illustrationdepicts a head with a copper top . Apparently , they like to misrepresenttheir product . Of the 2 heads I received only one would screw onto thespout , the other too small . The label on the rosette said Made in Mexico.I know at one time Dover Products were quality products . Most of the oldercans you run into today have rusted out heads . It would be nice to seesomeone make a nice quality replacement rosette head . Perhaps , too much toask though .
 The one you show is brass , I got a galvanized one , not the same quality . Will not order again and you need to change your pic a false representation .
 Not a bad watering can head ... but smaller than it should be , and it 's not brass like in the picture . Its galvanized and I 'm ok with that , but the advertising is legally obligated to represent the product . They did not . Your old one is probably just as good if not better , if you enlarge the holes with an ice pick or small drill bit .
 This is a thin cotton `` printed '' flag . I do n't know what the manufacturer is referring to as sewn-on stripes , but they 're not stripes of red and white cloth sewn together . This is just a standard , inexpensive-type printed flag .
 This item came to me and as much as I tried , the only way I could view the numerals on the ceiling was to see them upside down . There was no way to turn the unit so that it would project so that I could read it from my bed . I tried placing it on both sides of the bed but that did n't work either . It seemed to me , the guts of the unit were placed in wrong . And there is only one way to move the projector . So , I can not recommend this item . I sent it back .
 First the time is way way off . You set it , than the next day , its like 5 hours off . Second , The projection is very very very very low u cant see a dam thing.And the outdoor remote broke when it came . All the clock says it -- oF -LRB- changing batteries doesnt help -RRB- Avoid this product . Also it looks big and high quality in the photo ... its not ; it comes in a small carboard box about size of ur palm . its small .
 Note
 The clock came in a package that was taped together and all mangled . That was my first clue that I should have sent it back . I set it according to the instructions and put it by a window . A month later it still does n't have the correct time . And if you want to buy it because it 's suppose to project the time on the wall or the ceiling -- forget it ! It 's so small that you would have to get up and use a magnifying glass to see it . I wish I had n't thrown away the box . It would be so back in the mail .
 The projector did n't work , and you ca n't read what time it is when it is dark on the clock itself . I live in Arizona , we never swith time for daylight savings time . The clock would automaticaly switch times . We changed the setting several times . Not worth the hassel .
 Not happy at all . Product was opened when received . Cheap plastic construction - been trying but read-outs seem inaccurate . Overpriced.Am going to return and ask for refund . Do not recommend buying .
 I received my clocks in good time but ca n't get the projection to stay on . The directions are vague so I emailed the customer service three times and still have not got a response . I had one of these before and loved it but this new one is not the same .
 Clock was not what I expected . Very cheaply manufactured and the display was small . Hard for an older person to see.I actually returned to clock .
 The exterior temperature device did not work ... The projectedtime was a round blur on the ceiling that could not be read ... do not recommend you waste your time or money ... I had to giveit one star because the review would not continue without anyrating ... but really would rate it zero stars ... Returned unit ...
 I had great hope for this clock , but it is simply not ready for market yet . I give LaCrosse Technologies credit for providing product support -LRB- thus the 2nd star -RRB- , but there are simply too many problems with this product to market it to the masses . I 'm a Mr. Fix-it Type that others rely on to help them with their tech gadgets , but I have invested too much time in trying to get a product to work that should be working out of the box.Among the problems encountered :1 -RRB- A finicky AC power supply connection . If it is not aligned just right in a `` sweet spot , '' the projection will not work . -LRB- If the projection does n't work , you just spent way too much money on an alarm clock . -RRB- 2 -RRB- The outdoor temperature display does not work . I have had my clock over 8 weeks and the temperature display has never worked despite SEVERAL attempts . -LRB- From instructions , `` pull out all of the batteries , wait 10 minutes and reinstall ... place the sensor within 7 feet of the clock ... '' -RRB- I spent less time installing a ceiling fan .3 -RRB- The projection light is weak and does not work nearly as well as my last project clock in the same light conditions .4 -RRB- The time only syncs up at night . I have another atomic clock that syncs with 10 minutes at the press of a button . -LRB- At least the time does eventually sync up and work . -RRB- This product is simply not ready for distribution to the masses . If you buy it you can become part of the research and development process as I have . Perhaps the manufacturer will send someone out to install it for me ? I really should have returned it .
 La Crosse make pretty good atomic clocks and weather stations , but this clock looks more like a cheap imitation of their better designed products.The projection is very dim and there is no way to adjust it , though the user manual in the troubleshooting section as well as Amazon description both mention something about projection intensity settings , this option does not exist . The description on the box promises Time and/or Temperature projection when in fact it is always Time AND Temperature . The display backlighting is very poor , the light is weak and the button is hard to push . The clock is very light and not very well balanced , so when you try to push any button on it you have to hold it with another hand , otherwise it 'll fly away from your fingers . There is no Fahrenheit/Celsius selection for temperature display , all other La Crosse clocks that I have provide this option . But the most annoying feature/bug of this clock is it 's backlight function . When you press Snooze/backlight button the display permanently switches from temperature/humidity mode to alarm display mode , so there is no way to see internal temperature/humidity at night and in order to switch it back to temperature/humidity display mode you have to push the set button holding the clock with another hand - not exactly a middle of the night operation . It could be a defect of the clock that I received , but judging by the `` quality '' of this clock I would strongly suspect - it 's one of the clock 's idiotic features .
 I purchased this projection clock for 2 reasons . 1 -RRB- to project an image sharp and large enough to read without my glassses . 2 -RRB- to get the outside temperature in the morning.Unfortunately threr are 2 problems with the projection . It is barely large enough to read without glasses and it is only visible in the darkest room . Therefore , it is nearly worthless to me .
 Do not buy ! The display is terrible . I ca n't even see the time clearly . What 's the use of this clock ??? I already shipped back and waiting for a full refund .
 I had an Oregon Scientific projection clock that stopped working after many years . While this does this job , barely , the magnification is smaller than I was used to and the clock is light so it is easily tipped over on a nightable .
 I think that the older model was far superior . This one has less features and gives you less options to display exactly what you want to see from the immage that is projected
 Pros : It is really nice to have the time projected onto the ceilingTemperature on the ceiling is cool tooDisplay shows the time the alarm is set for without having to push any buttonsDisplay shows indoor temp and humidityCons : It is so small -LRB- about 5 `` x3 '' -RRB- and lightweight -LRB- 14oz -RRB- that it often falls off the table when I 'm trying to snooze in the early morningCheap plasticy feelAlarm is not loud at all - barely wakes me upThe display is not lit so there are times when it 's too dark to see the display and too light to see the projection on the ceilingOverall I was very disappointed in this alarm clock . It is not a quality product
 The buttons/switches are second rate . Caused lots of confusion when setting up the clock . The remote sensor seems to wander around by about 4 degrees from time to time . Despite this I am having a ball with it . But I am not sure I would tell my friends to buy one . Better remote and better buttons and you would have a first rate device .
 This clock arrived in working order but after a few weeks the outdoor temp stopped displaying . So I went to the website to look for troubleshooting help . I followed the directions for a restart but the clock never came on again . To be honest , this was probably a lemon since my early model of this worked fine until I lost the external temperature sensor . I find these models can be difficult to set up but ultimately are a great clock -LRB- usually -RRB- . I returned mine and will probably go back to the version I used to have .
 This seemed like it was going to be a great product
 The power of the projection light on this is terrible.Pros : - lots of info on the display-outside temperature sensor that communicates wirelessly with the baseCons : - really terrible projection quality-requires AC power , no battery optionI had purchased this thinking that I would use it as a projector at night in my bedroom , boy was I wrong . I returned it within a few days , but was REALLY disappointed at how it only could project a foot or two away , and not 6 feet up to the ceiling . I guess it is the cheapest model , so that makes sense , but not much of a projection clock .
 I guessed when I saw the instruciton manual was 30 pages long I was in for trouble . Also they need a proof reader , here is an example.QUICK SET-UP GUIDEHint
 Before I purchased this item , I read all the reviews . I read more positive reviews than negative . This item is a cheap , cheeszy , unreliable clock . We could not get the projection to work . The outside case is very light weight and not worth the money . Amazon was great and gave us a credit after we returned the clock .
 I 've had this thing for a while , and it still works fine . It can tell you the time and the temperature in a decent manner . However , the design sort of sucks . It 's really easy to tip over . It 's made of light plastic and it 's narrow and it 's balanced poorly . As for the fancy projection , and this may seem asinine to point out , you ca n't read it when it 's bright out . I made this mistake , thinking hey , I can read the time while laying in bed .
 got this item last year for family member as x-mas present , it was small and cheap looking and did not work , had to return it .
 Did n't work well . I had to set the time myself because the feature that was suppose to work for setting time on its own did n't work . Then the clock light for ceiling or wall was just a dot of light and did n't reflect the time . Then you could n't see the time when it was dark in the room . There is really no purpose to this clock . I spent the same amount and got me a Ipod clock at Target . This works much better for me.I would n't bother with this atomic La Crosse clock with projection .
 This alarm clock has some problems since the hour keep changing even after we adjust it many times.it does n't show the outdoor temperature.I was a bit disappointed with it and I would n't recommend it to my friends
 Projection alternates between time and temp . Why ca n't you set this to just display time . Even the base does not display the date . We have La Crosse unit that is not limited this way . I apparently bought the wrong one . It does work however and recognised my existing outdoor sensor for the other clock . This is a nice feature if you want more than one La Crosse clocks with outdoor temp .
 The whole reason I bought this was to be able to project the time on a wall or ceiling . With that being said , the laser is completely inadequate and barely visible for me during most of the hours of the day or night . I suppose it will be fine for anyone who can really make their room very dark at night.Furthermore , there is apparently no way to get the laser to stop rotating between displaying the temperature and the time . It would be nice to have this ability to ONLY display the time , since I 'm not going to be using the temperature guage at all.Like others , I would recommend spending a little more money and getting a better product .
 I had an older model from La Crosse that worked well for years . When it died , I bought a new one . Got it ... and it does n't work . Display comes on ... but no buttons work , does not communicate with temperature transmitter . So they sent another . The buttons work on the second one ... you do have to push on them several times to get them to work , but hey ... they work ... but still no outside temperature . After going through the setup process several times , doing it exactly as explained , still no communication with the transmitter . I have two family members who have had similar problems with the newer models . I would n't waste the time or money on this . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste yours .
 Very dissatisfied with LaCrosse Technologies . The item did not work properly , after over two and half weeks of E-mails back and forth , I was given a order number to return the item . That was 3 weeks ago and have heard nothing from them . Numerous attempts to reach them by phone have been to no avail .
 Projector failed after 3 months . Outdoor temperature off by 8 degrees . Call custormer service , be put on hold for 8 mintues ... to leave a voicemail ! You will be promised a callback in 2 days , but the first time it was 4 . You ` ld be better off using their website , except that it gives instructions to use controls and functions that the unit does not have . -LRB- `` We 're trying to get that fixed . '' -RRB- I do n't recommend this product or this company .
 To whom it may concernI recently purchased this clock for the temperature readings , but mainly for the laser projection at night when its all dark . This thing lasted about 10 days b4 the laser stopped projecting , without any warning or damage it just stopped , so in the dark the clock in now useless.I wonder how long b4 it stops working altogether .
 I was really excited when I read all the features of this product . When it arrived I was a little disappointed in the quality . When I actually started using it the disappointment only increased . You can barley see the display even when the backlight is on . The snooze must be pressed several times for it to work . And the projection alternates between time and temp . This is very annoying . I really tried to give it time to grow on me but after a week I was about to throw it out the window . For about the same price I found another alarm clock with many more features and better quality .
 The projected type is too small and thin on the ceiling to see it well .
 The clock works well , but is really too small , and the projection only works well in dimly lit locations . It also has to be at some optimal distance from the wall to actually see the numbers.It does not have a focus feature if you wanted to put it close to a wall .
 I regret this purchase . This clock has a very , very low projection beam that barely makes it to my ceiling from my bedside table . It 's definitely not readable if you have diminished eyesight and are n't wearing glasses , as is the case with better models.Even more troubling , the atomic clock part seems to set itself to random times in the middle of the night.On the positive side , the temperature reads accurate and it 's nice to have both inside and outside temps in a cheaper model .
 product feels very light and cheap . i would n't know how well it works-since it would n't even turn on !
 The unit never picked up an atomic time . When first plugged in the remote temperature sensor worked . It never worked again after I temporarily took out the batteries to hang it outside . Does n't deserve the 1 star!Buy a brand you know !
 We were replacing a very good projection clock from Walgreens that hit the floor one too many times . What we got was a projection clock that keeps accurate time , with a good outdoor thermometer . But the main reason for our purchase was the projecting clock . It 's too small against the ceiling and too faint as well . We 'd send it back if it was n't too late to do so .
 I expected a more robust projection of the time on the wall/ceiling . If there is any light at all in the room , the projection is not readable .
 clock is fine , the display on the ceiling 6 ' from the clock is only 2 '' tall and not real bright .
 Not a very user freindly product . Unlike other similar products , the projection display is unidirectional .
 I ordered the item from Amazon with the price for a new item . However , when I received the item from Amazon today , apparently it was a returned item . The package was opened , and the adapter wiring was messed up . I am so disappointing for Amazon . How can they sell me a returned item as brand new ?
 the clock light is not obtrusive , i donot need glasses to see what time it is all during the night ... . i enjoy this little jewel .
 Decided to buy this after doing some research online and finding nothing but 4-5 star reviews.In my opinion this product is a POS . The projection is very weak , do n't expect anything like your keychain laser . You ca n't see it during the day at all , and it 's very faint when the shades are down . At night , it must be no more than 4ft from the wall , otherwise it 'll be `` blurry '' , so do n't expect to clearly project onto an average ceiling.The product itself is cheaply built , feels like one of those $ 1 dollar store items . LED light reminded me of those old wrist watches where you hold a button and it lights up on one side . You also have to look from a certain angle to see the lit screen.Finally , it 's got very few functions and the buttons are located in a horrible way . You have to use a lot of force to press down the buttons , and the unit does n't have rubber legs so it slides all over.BTW , the weather sensor is big , almost like a TV remote , and the time never set automatically , got 12:00 right away.I could go on and on , but I think you get the idea . I just printed out a return label and am returning the clock today . Will stick to my beat up , but still functional , wo n't mention what brand alarm clock .
 very bad product , yes it 's not expensive , but why would you waste your money for something you 're not gon na use ? picture quality is very poor , zooming , and backlight is very bad , shortly , not worth a penny .
 I got this clock for the projection , which works fine . The rest of the clock features are amazingly poorly designed . The buttons are finicky and feel cheap . The base is too small and ill-formed to support the clock well making the clock prone to tipping over . This becomes especially annoying when you try to hit the snooze button -LRB- on the top of the unit -RRB- only to have the clock flip over forward without engaging the snooze . The other big flaw is that the LCD is largely unreadable in anything other than direct light . This means at night you only have the projection to see what time it is and in the daytime it is often too dark to see the LCD but too bright to see the projection , rendering the clock useless .
 This product is one of the worst I 've ever ordered from anywhere . Nothing on it works as it should ... a total mess . Wo n't project , time does n't update automatically as advertised . Setup was confusing . Just a lame product ... Amazon should consider dropping it from their inventory .
 Honestly , the projection is n't bright enough to see unless you 're in COMPLETE darkness . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 You might as well get up and turn on the lights to see what time it is.The projection will NOT stay on by itself , you must push a button for it to appear . I emailed La Crosse support 3x but they wont answer . The face of the clock does not stay lit either . The price is a rip , have a $ 5 alarm clock I bought that is far superior .
 It did not take long for the temperature sensor to fail . I replaced batteries in both units , sending and receiving , but it still does n't display or project the outside temperature , only the time .
 Let me just say that I was really excited to get this item . However upon receiving it , and using it , I felt compelled to write this review . This thing is trash . It 's not really an alarm clock , a more accurate description should be a traveling projection clock , that has an alarm feature . It is of very poor build . Some examples : The snooze button had to be struck 3 to 4 times to actually shut off , especially fun at 6AM in pitch dark.To turn the alarm off once you 're awake was a fun adventure , again , especially fun at 6AM in pitch dark.It weighs about 3 ounces , so light that in combination with the other features mentioned above , it was especially fun to find the damn thing at 6AM in pitch dark.The outdoor temperature sensor , which was an exciting added feature , constantly read +100 degrees ... in the winter.I know it 's not a very expensive device , but it should cost 10 bucks , not 30 , because it probably cost $ 0.30 to make . The projection feature was nice . Buyer beware , do n't waste your time or money on this piece .
 This clock was returned due to poor quality . The outdoor sensor never got a signal form the remote temp sensor . The external power source connection required for continuous projection was loose and only made proper connection rarely . The cord was plugged in securely but the electrical connection was poor which caused the display to stop working until you moved the cord around . The projection display when it worked was very dim and could only be seen in a very dark room . I was very disappointed with this product but very pleased with the way that Amazon handled the return .
 I 've had this clock one year . The time refuses to set itself correctly and the outdoor sensor no longer works .
 My clock stopped working entirely after 6 months , but it was a slow progression of each successive feature dying off . First the infra-red went -LRB- after a mere 3 weeks -RRB- . This did n't bother me that much since it was impossible to read on our 12 foot ceilings anyway . Then the temperature . Then the alarm . Finally the whole display just faded away and stopped working entirely.Add that to the fact that the alarm is incredibly difficult to set , and the button labels barely make any sense . Terrible product . Oregon Scientific makes a * much * better version .
 Bought it to replace a previous La Crosse that quit working . This one never even started . I think I 'll look for another manufacturer .
 1 . It does n't include a constant backlight for the LCD display , so it 's impossible to know what time it is if room is n't dark enough2 . The buttons are hard to push3 . There is no Fahrenheit/Celsius selection for temperature display4 . Alarm does n't work sometimes5 . The most annoying issue for me is that it toggles between outdoor temp and time , and you ca n't turn that feature off . I do n't want to wake up during the middle of the night to see half the time what the outdoor temp is
 clock base is light plastic as well as the rest of the clock , and the base does n't hold up the rest of the clock very well , so I have to lean it up against something to use it .
 This clock did not suit my expectations . Yes , it did update the time on it 's own and reports the temperature in Northern California properly.However , the laser is very hard to see , if impossible , until the sun goes down for good . Past 8AM , I have to strain to see the image if it 's projected less than 2 feet from the clock . If it 's on the ceiling , forget about it!Plus , they did n't include a constant backlight for the LCD display , so it 's all but impossible to know what time it is once the sun starts to rise.Unless you 're awake before sun-up every day , do n't waste your money .
 Showing incorrect outdoor temp . and alarm wo n't work sometimes . It is not a reliable product
 The outdoor temperature remote stopped working after 7 months of usage . Changing batteries also does n't help.The clock -LRB- set time -RRB- adjustment is n't that good either . The same key is for setting the backlight on and also to change the clock from temperature mode to alarm mode.And i seriously doubt whether it has ever synched up with NIST , since i always see the icon there on the clock but the time is way out of synch with my PC clock.Using the Warranty means , bear the shipping expenses to ship the clock to manufacturer .
 We 've had several projection clocks over the years . This may be the weakest . Difficult to program . Power cord plug in is loose , causing loss of current and run down batteries . Our ceilings are 12 foot and the projection intensity -LRB- even when plugged in and not on battery -RRB- too weak to easily read .
 I bought the item on May 29 , 2010Setting it up the device was a little challenging ... every time I set up the clock it would automatically change . . so it took me a while to configure it correctly ... First of all I discover that image displayed on the Amazon is not accurate . The Amazon.com show image in blue color that easy to see during the night ... but I could live with that , but couple of days later suddenly the power supply would not work anymore.I put in batteries and the clock started up again.I would not recommend this product.I have a bulky Sony Radio/CD Alarm Clock and after 13 years they are still working like a charm ...
 This clock does not seem to have much quality built into it . It stopped displaying the outside temp after about a year and will not keep the correct time . It was not a good purchase for me .
 The AC adapter died after 2 months . They do not respond to any of my emails . Their telephone number does not answer . They appear to be out of business .
 Alarm is not loud enough . Projection light is to dim . Viewing light to dim . I bought it from a merchant johnenglund that has no return policy . He would not answer my emails and to put in in plain words , He ripped me off .
 I am so disappointed . I love this clock - I 've had one for years , but I broke mine by mistake while moving furniture around . So I was very pleased to find a replacement at Amazon - and for a great price ! When the clock arrived , I noticed the clam shell packaging was stapled together . After I set up the clock , I observed that one digit failed to light up - an obvious flaw . At this point I realized that I had been sent a returned item . So , I returned it for an exchange . When the replacement arrived , I was shocked to see that the clam shell packaging had obviously been opened and glued back together again . And the clock had a major scratch on its face . I can not describe how disappointed I am in Amazon ; I am a long term customer and have not had similar problems before . I would not recommend this clock - not because of the clock itself , but because Amazon seems to be selling used , broken , previously returned merchandise .
 Projection does not work . I send LaCrosse an email requesting support on this issue.As of today , -LRB- 2 weeks later -RRB- I have n't received a reply from them .
 The idea of this product is fantastic , however the accurancy of the thermometer leaves a lot to be desired . After reading other customers ' reviews and the difficulties in returning for warranty I am not going to bother attempting to return the defective thermometer sensor.The temperature reads between 6 and 10 degrees above the true temperature.As a projection clock it is a five star product , as a themometer it is a one star due to its inaccuracy .
 I made the mistake of removing it from the packaging . I did n't get to try all the functions of this unit -- disgust set in too early . 1 -RRB- It refused to operate on AC power . 2 -RRB- The projected display was upside-down , with no way to correct . 3 -RRB- The time would not set automatically via WWV . -LRB- I know the signal is strong enough in my house -- I have two other clocks that set fine . -RRB- And finally 4 -RRB- when I called customer no-service , I got a recording asking me to leave a message , and I got the return call two weeks later . By then it had been sent back , and my blessings on Amazon 's easy return system .
 I purchased two of these clocks , and wish i would have just gotten one and than returned it.One clock the temp settings dont work at all , we have replaced the remote temp sensor , tried placing both the remote temp sensor and the clock in differant places around the house , and no luck . all that works is the time and the alarm.The second clock works , however the temp/humidity is never accurate . I live in new mexico , we have very low humidity 95 % of the time . The display on the clock usually has between 70-90 % humidity , and the temp is usually off by about 30 degrees . Right now it is about 42 degrees and very dry outside . my clock reads that it is 69 degrees and 96 % humidity . As with the other clock i have moved the clock and the remote temp sensor all over , i have even tried the garage and outside to try to get an accurate reading.On the positive side i am very nearsided , and i can actually read the display on the ceiling at night .
 I have bought other La Crosse items but this one really disappointed me . It NEVER would calibrate the outside temperature and it never did sync with the time . I bought this for my husband because of the name brand . Then when we tried getting tech support from the manufacturer , I NEVER got a return email or phone call . I left 2 messages and sent 2 emails . Thanks to Amazon , at least THEY back their products that they sell . Would n't buy from any other online site .
 This clock is very cheaply made and does not project very well . I sent it back right awayand ordered a different one , different brand .
 This product has already stopped working . After a week I 'm still awaiting return contact from the company.Can you assist ?? Bill James
 Purchased in spite of some reviews warning that outside temp sensor wo n't work . This is the most attractive feature to me . Anyway , sure enough , the sensor wo n't work despite repeated `` resets '' of the device . Had it for 4 hours and already packed it up to be returned .
 It gets 2 stars because the inside unit , purchased by me in December , 2006 is not completely broken 2 years later and it still tells the correct atomically-synchronized time and indoor temperature and humidity . The outdoor temperature and the time are projected on the ceiling and can be read at night . These are the positives about this unit . The negatives are as follows : - the outside temperature sensor stopped working after about one year and nothing could bring it back to life - even when working , the main unit would occasionally ` lose contact ' with the outside unit -LRB- only about 20 feet away -RRB- and then re-establish it without intervention - the projection on the ceiling is not very bright and relatively small compared to a previous unit from another maker which we had a few years ago - the controls are difficult and it 's unlikely you will be changing options too often , following the initial setup unless you keep the badly-written ` manual ' handy - because of the difficult controls , it 's unlikely you 'll be using as an alarm clock - there is no ` customer service ' to speak ofThis is the third unit of this kind we are using . The first two were from Oregon Scientific . One died completely after a couple of years and the second had the outside unit cease to work after about one year and the projector dying shortly thereafter . I suspect that both ` manufacturers ' have these gizmos produced by the same Chinese factory where quality controls is not exactly a priority.If you feel that about one year of ` service ' , possibly two if you are lucky is worth the money , this makes for a good purchase because it 's okay , while it works . _______________________ Note : The picture shown is a little misleading because it leaves the impression that there are 2 projectors , one showing the temperature and the other the time . In reality , there is only one projector that displays the temperature and the time alternatively .
 The unit did not project the time display unless you pressed a button , which is not the way it was supposed to function . I returned it and Amazon gave a prompt and full refund -LRB- including shipping charges -RRB- . I have no complaints about Amazon , just the quality control at LaCrosse -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- .
 The clock works great , the temp is cool , but you can barely see the projector display in lighted conditions . It works great in the dark , but do n't count on it projecting more than 2 to 3 feet away .
 My clock . . was defective . . and the company . . refused to replace the product . . I tried all the trouble shooting in the world that they asked me to do.They said I have to pay for shipping . to the company.This is just very pooor customer service . I am never buying this companies product again and will report to BBB.regards
 I bought this and sent it back immediately ... the clock was smaller than it appeared to me in the pictrue and the clock projection was so dim you could hardly see it more than 1 ft away .
 The clock is functional . However , it is claims to be an ; atomic clock ' It has captured the signal once in a one month period . I would like to return it , but lost the packing slip .
