 I have owned a Fluval 404 filter for just short of a year . I have had to replace the impeller and magnet when it fell apart . The rubber `` O '' rings are now failing , causing the filter to leak . After reading some of the other postings here , it sounds like the filter is not even worth fixing . I am very sorry I bought this total piece of junk . After 11 months , I need to buy a new filter . DO NOT BUY A FLUVAL !
 Obviously , this did not work after three weeks and I found pigeon poop upon the head and wings of the plastic , indicating that the pigeons returned . Most birds at first glance are frightened by it but after a few days , they instinctively know that it isnt really alive , even the moving head , which is operated by a spring , does n't mimic actual live owl 's heads , since most owls do n't even have a neck bone structure . After a few more months , even the head fell off and there was a woodpecker nest inside the hole . After a few years , the whole thing just fell to pieces .
 I was hopeful about this product despite it 's mixed reviews . This year we have been swarmed by starlings , they are nesting in the chimney and BBQ grill . Daily we were removing the nest material from the grill and cleaning it to cook , only to have them back with more sticks before it was cool . After a week of this battle my husband agreed to let me purchase this owl . The day we got it I set it out on the deck rail right next to the grill . The starlings were n't fazed by it . I do move it around the deck every few days , but they keep coming back -LRB- even walking over the rubber snakes we 've put out there -RRB- . So it may work for other species , but those stubborn starlings are n't fooled by it ... we 've just created all sorts of barricades in any opening on the grill which seems to be keeping them out , they 're still leaving their droppings on the deck though : -LRB-
 The owl did nothing for the pigeons on my balcony , they still flock around and sometimes I even see them perched right bedside it like it 's not even there !
 THe revolving head works like a weathervane . It stays turned the same direction all the time when the wind blows . It dose n't scare ANYTHING away !! Waste of money .
 Holy # ^ @ * do I hate this thing ! This plastic owl practically destroyed my childhood ! This plastic owl caused me to fear and hate great horned owls ! When this things head twirled around when I was a preschooler , it looked like it wanted to kill me ! Even when it 's head was turned away from me , I still felt like it was glancing over to say , `` I 'm going to kill you ! '' This monster is why owls are my most hated animals !
 The piece of plastic that the head pivots on is busted and there has been a hole drilled right through the owl where a previous owner mounted it . Thanks for the used and damaged owl .
 I heard this was great for keeping birds away but it 's not working for me.The robin comes up next to the owl and is not even scared of it .
 I bought this owl a year ago to keep birds away from my blueberry bushes , it 's completely useless . I 've seen birds roosting on it 's head . The birds are n't stupid enough to fall for this thing , neither should you .
 Not what I expected cheap plastic the mount for the head is already cracked . The screw that holds the head mount together is rusted . The head does n't move on its own you have to grab it to move it . Its not a bobble head . Little birds land on its head to do their business . Not exactly afraid of it .
 As soon as I put it up the pigeons at my house began enjoying the shade this plastic sculpture provided for them - they liked it so much they invited their friends and had a great time defecating all around it . I ended up shooting the owl . And then tossing rocks to scare away the birds . Good luck
 There was a part off the head and because of the lightness the wind made it drop and crack . I found a heavy one in a bird specialty store that works
 This product sounded like it would do the trick with respect to keeping birds and rodents out of my garden , but neither of them are afraid of it . In fact , the chipmunks run across it 's feet like it 's their friend . What exactly this will scare is beyond me .
 My daughter was really creeped out by how its head slowly turns around . So far she is the only thing that was scared by it . The birds and squirrels seem to love it . But it 's a nice decoration .
 Owl looks good and was not hard to install on my roof . However I 'm not sure if it works for pigeons . It was installed on a home that I 'm away from for a couple of months but can view it on camera . Day after I installed it and left a black bird attacked it and apparently knocked the rotating head loose from it 's rotator . It no longer bobs or rotates as viewed from my cam . So ca n't say if it works or not for pigeons but black birds enjoyed dancing with it .
 I have five 8by10 windows on my house and because they are refletive , birds peck at them . I bought the Owlto put a stop to this , but the birds love the Owl , and bring thier friends over to see it.The Owl arrived on time , but does not help my bird problem .
 I have owned a fake owl in the past that worked much better than this one . The original Owl I had would cause other birds to get mad , and sit way up high in trees and sqwalk at it . This one they land on it and poop on it . I think there is something about the eyes that do n't look real .
 My water space is fairly small so maybe that is my problem but it left an ugly oily sheen on the top of the water .
 I 've split over 100 chords of hard wood by hand , probably more but Ive lost count , and I can say for certain this thing is complete garbage . It is intolerably balanced and the metal handle sends shocks directly to your joints . Traditional mauls are 6 lbs , 8 lbs at most , and it is a rare occasion that I would find someone capable or big enough to swing this thing . If you cant do the job with a traditional wooden handled splitting tool , then there is something terribly wrong with your technique . And if you are buying it because of the metal handle think again , because you are going to be sore if you use this thing . If you cant hit your target in the first place then you should be swinging a lighter tool until your aim improves . YOU 'VE BEEN WARNED , DO NOT BUY THIS MONSTER .
 Thought it would be great for splitting aome knotty wood , however after a few swings the weld that connects the handle to the head broke . Maybe it wasnt designed to be swung like an axe . I may return it or just reweld it . A friend of mine has the same maul and loves it .
 This would be a great feeder if the grid could be removed for cleaning . I set this up in the backyard and in two weeks , there was mold growing in the corners . It is important to keep feeders free of dirt and contaminants and I could not get this feeder clean no matter what I tried . The squirrels loved it . They chewed through the plastic mesh and used it as a shelter from the rain .
 The squirrels not only beat this one by using their paws to reach the seeds , one of them chewed up the side , leaving shreds of plastic on the ground below .
 The squirrels in my yard must be really smart , because they enjoy feasting in this . It is also difficult to fill , empty shells , and clean . Get an `` Eliminator '' from Wild Birds Unlimited instead .
 I ordered this thermometer based on a spa thermometer search . The description and the actual manufacturer 's information do not match , but the major issue is that the thermometer does not work at all . I even purchased fresh batteries with no results . Do n't waste your money on this one , even though the brand is well known .
 The bag is 50 pounds but the price is for 3 pounds . $ 120 is the real price . BE careful if you order , it is very misleading .
 The Duncraft 18202 Safe Haven Wild Bird Feeder With Metal Seed Tray has several problems making it a waste of money . First , a design flaw makes it impossible to clean so when it rains the seeds congeal together and there is no way to get the old seed out . Second , another design flaw makes the thing apt to fall down to the ground -LRB- the rope is still connected to the top of the feeder but the top of the feeder and rest of the feeder wo n't stay together .
 The roof leaked during a light rain and all the seed was ruined . The design seems guaranteed to leak . I sealed mine with acquarium sealer , but I do n't know if that will work . Gray squirrels ca n't get in , but red squirrels sure can , so it is only squirrel-proof if grays are the only ones in your yard . It is very heavy and needs serious support to hold it up .
 We were excited to find this feeder , but the use of it has proven to be a let down . First off , when it rains , all of the food gets wet and spoils . Once that happens , you will get your next surprise . There is no way to really disassemble this feeder to get it completely clean . The best you can do is to remove the cage , top and the bottom plate ; everything else is together to stay . This makes cleaning difficult and incomplete.I thought that Duncraft would stand behind this feeder , but they said that since they did n't sell it , they wo n't exchange it or take it back . So , you are pretty much on your own purchasing it from here as we did . I guess that is true of any retailer that sells their feeders then.I would stay away from this feeder and keep looking .
 It only `` telescoped '' for a few months before something in the inside wo n't grab the pole anymore.Poorly made .
 I ordered this pole for my pool because it was the lowest in cost I could find . They tend to be expensive . When I received it in the mail , it was packaged in paper wrap . Paper wrap , really ? The metal on it was all dinged and dented and looked terrible . I returned it , and amazon refunded me the pole cost , but not the $ 20.00 shipping I had to pay to send it back . All in all , I had nothing and paid $ 20.00 for it !
 Read the dimensions of the rack 8 ' X 4 ' X 14 '' that is 37 cubic feet . A Cord of wood is 128 cubic feet . This thing can actually hold about a 1/4 cord of firewood .
 Because the description of this product was extremly poor , i bought a large quantity not knowing you need only a tea-spoon for a single tree -LRB- every 3 months -RRB- ... now i have over-paid and have enough to last me 1000 years.Haven ' t seen if the product works , but assuming it does , purchase the 1lb or smaller container and save yourself $ 100 .
 Very simple , the outdoor temperature gauge does not take accurate temps . It is now 32 degrees outside and the unit shows 51 degrees . Not worth the money , at any cost .
 Amazon took WayyyyyYY Too long to ship it to me ... and i ordered it a few months ago . . and the estimated ship date is in may ... what the hell ??? so i cancelled
 The product worked very well for six months or so then the batteries went dead ; after replacing the batteries it lasted about 3 weeks ; now the out door temperature device dose n't work .
 I guess I 'm one of the lucky ones , mine actually read the outdoor temperature transmitter for about a year , now it 's dead . Fresh batteries , sitting right next to each other , no luck.I think the transmitter actually still works , it 's the base that has issues . The base still works as a thermometer , but it just got tired of looking for the signal from the outdoor transmitter . The only way I can get it to work is to remove the batteries from the base ... wait , put them back in ... it will look for the transmitter for a while and get a reading ... then it gets tired of that and gives me dashed lines.I 've tried everything , the thing is just broken . The sad thing is , I just used mine within the house for zone heating purposes ... it never had to deal with the elements or anything , never dropped , blocked signals ... nothing ... it just simply stopped working .
 Since I only had this product for a half hour before I returned it , I can not comment on how well the thermometer function worked except to say that it seemed that it did set up properly . The temperature did register and the sensor and receiver did talk to each other within 2 minutes as stated in the product literature . Since they were talking with their faces pressed together as per the instructions , however , I do n't think they enjoyed it much.Putting batteries into the sensor is major pain since removing and replacing the 4 minuscule screws is something only a neurotic clockmaker would love . It took 8 minutes to perform this function . Also , the reset button for the sensor is - you guessed it - inside the battery compartment.Be sure to read the instructions , because there is a very specific sequence for setting up this product . For example , you have to put the batteries in the sensor first , then the receiver , then set the time , etc.As a alarm clock , this product left me cold . First of all , it does not have a true crescendo alarm . Rather , it chirps - slowly at first , then more rapidly . It also has no backlight function , so it is impossible to see the time at night . While the product is nicely designed , it seems easy to tip over while searching sleepily for the snooze , which is on the top of the product.Overall , as disappointing as drinking a tepid latte , alone , at your cousin 's bachelorette party .
 The indoor temperature reading is good and the clock is good too . But the outdoor reading died in less than 6 months . Even new batteries did n't help . I expected a better product
 This thing is a royal pain to set up , and even then if you are fussy enough to actually want the sensor `` outdoors , '' you 're in for trouble . I could not get it to transmit 25 feet through a line of sight window for more than a few hours.It 's a toy , and not a very good one at that . It reminded me of the `` walkie talkies '' kids used to have , that worked only while you and your friend were within 5 feet of each other !
 I have had one of these units for about 3 years now , and find that it has a number of bad mannerisms . I use the clock and the temperature functions . Most of the time , it works fine . I never use the alarm . The unit is prone to throwing little electronic fits from time to time such as refusing to tell me the outside temperature . The fix is usually to put the two units adjacent to each other for a while . However , yesterday -LRB- 06/20/08 -RRB- , the inside unit registered 112 deg F at 5 am . It had been 112 outside the day before , but was around 75 at 5 am . I opened the outside unit , replaced the batts -LRB- it prefers DuroCells -RRB- , pressed reset and closed it up . It still showed 112 on the inside unit . I opened that one up , pulled the batts , let it stand for a while and put in 2 new DuroCells . Then I let them commiserate together for a while , and the system decided to work again . The system is working fine as I write this .
 I purchased this item as a gift for my parents but I was not as impressed with this style of Indoor/Outdoor thermometer as I was with one I had purchsed for myself from L.L. Bean several years previous .
 Aurelle is a great idea , but it is not yet perfected . First off , one of the `` candles '' , in the package of ten , does not work so now I have to figure out how to get a replacement . Secondly , the brightness and color of the light is not anywhere near what is depicted in the Phillips provided photographs . The light does flicker realistically , but it is a very dim orange light . Compared side by side with a real votive or tealight , the Aurelle is a lackluster simulation.On the other-hand , Aurelle is very easy and convenient to use .
 I 've bought 4 -LRB- sets -RRB- of these for gifts and 3 had at least 2 bad candles in the set of 10 . The last set a bought were all ok . I wrote to customer service and they sent me out new ones . It took about 2 weeks . Otherwise they work well and are brighter than others I 've seen .
 I received the product timely however when I put it on the wall , the LCD display was only partially visible . When put on the wall it does not completely display the numbers so it is basically unreadable . We tried new batteries but that did nothing to improve it . We called the seller and a recording told us they had our ID and number and would respond . I also sent an email the same day and never received either an email reply nor a call from the seller . This has been going on since Dec 15 2008 . I 'll try once more to contact them . If no reply I will return it and ask for a refund . Good idea , just could n't get it to work and apparently Customer Service does n't care about their customers .
 This item is not worth it . I have the inside monitor on a fireplace sill and the outside monitor less than 10 feet away with line of sight through a window . It still can not read the outside sensor except occasionally . Even with the sensor sitting next to the main unit , it only reads occasionally . Do not waste your money on this item .
 The readings between the base and remote differ so much that you ca n't decide which to accept as true ! I set them side by side and got a diff . in temp . about 2 deg . but the humidity was about 10 deg . off !!
 As one guy already noted in one of the images , the readings of the main unit and the remote differ . Add to that the cheap plastic , funny manual , the remote that does not switch to Celsius -LRB- the switch does not respond -RRB- and the price ... Bottom line - do n't buy it .
 When I received this product , it did not work . I contacted the phone number on the package , Hidecki Electronics , the company who makes it . They sent me a replacement for the Base , as they determined it was not working properly . I had to pay to ship it back to them , but they promised another remote in repayment for the shipping costs . Well , they shipped a new base , but no additional remote . I contacted them and they said they would send the remote . I got another base unit instead ! Neither unit displays the same readings . Plus , now the remote will not send a reading to either base unit . We have replaced all the batteries , however they still do not get a reading from the remote . Plus , it seems that these units are battery eaters ! I contacted the company twice now , and I still do not have a response . I would not recommend this product . Spend more money and get a unit that works ! We have another product that displays just indoor temperature and humidity , which was checked against a $ 600 professional unit and is accurate . These Honeywell units do not compare to our $ 20 simple temp/humidity , old reliable by Micronta .
 I purchased this to monitor humidity around my wife 's piano and to let me know what the temp is outside . After a few months use , the outside temp/humidity function is way , way off and the indoor humidity does n't seem right , either . I definitely would n't recommend this item to anyone .
 This is a relatively inexpensive unit , and I would n't expect it to be completely accurate . The tolerances advertises of 0.1 F and 1 % RH seem reasonable enough.I feel a bit misled by the photos and description . They both refer to a temperature and humidity `` trend icon '' which is conspicuously absent in the unit I received . This may be a trivial fact to most consumers , but it is in fact one of the reasons I chose this product . I can see how Amazon could overlook something like this , but now that they know , they should correct their advertised information .
 This item worked great for about 3 months . Then it lost the signal from the remote sender . Replacing the batteries and fiddling around with it did no good , now it will not even pick up the signal with the sender in the same room .
 While the temperature and humidity seem to be accurate , I could not get the remote unit to transmit , no matter what I did . I would return it , but it 's too much trouble
 This was purchased as a Christmas gift for my parents . We followed the instructions setting up the outdoor transmitter and it worked fine for a few weeks . Then the indoor unit began displaying dashes periodically for the outdoor temperature . Eventually it simply would not read the outdoor temperature and it now constantly displays dashes.We 've tried new batteries and all combinations of resetting the units , but it simply will not work . It will read the transmitted temperature when the two devices are right next to eachother , but as soon as you move the transmitter even a foot away it quits reading it . Obviously this is not acceptable for trying to pick up an outdoor temperature.Because of this , I can not recommend this item . Also back when I bought it , it was only about half what it costs now . It 's definitely not worth the cost now when it is evidently susceptable to failing.We no longer have any of the packing , so it 's probably not worth the effort of returning . I have contacted Honeywell to see if they are aware of any regular malfuctions with this device . If anyone had a similar experience with this and figured out a resolution , please let me know your suggestions . Thanks .
 Senor lost connection every 4 -6 hours -LRB- even less then 10 feet away -RRB- . You have to unscrew the back and take the batteries out every time to reset . A total design failure in my opinion . Sent it back after 1 week of total frustration !
 I like waking in the morning and knowing how cold or warm it is outdoors . This wireless device seemed to fit my needs nicely , with a few added frills to go . For instance , it tells you if it is wet outside even though you can just look and see for yourself . It also supports up to three remote sensors that can automatically display on rotation , 1-2-3-indoors , if you want that . I imagine if you had a wine cellar or something similar , that would be nice.I do n't . It 's a pretty clever device , but not always on or reliable . The main problem I have with this unit is that , for the money spent it should work all of the time . I have followed the instructions about placement of the remote sensor -LRB- less then 100 feet away and no huge obstructions -RRB- . I placed mine less then 20 feet away , with a brick exterior . It works fine , when it works . Seems like any temperature change kills the signal , or possibly interrupts the electric flow from the batteries . Oh yeah , Honeywell suggests using lithium ion batteries so the sensor will perform well in very cold conditions ... feh!If all you want is a thermometer to know the temperature outdoors , do n't waste your money on this product . It has been unreliable for me . As I write , it is 70.7 deg . F indoors and `` who even knows '' deg . F outdoors as the unit has stopped working again , prompting this review!Whoa ... wait , it just came back on ! 50.2 deg . F. ... junk .
 I bought this and an extra wireless unit . None of them are accurate , I can put all three right next to each other and they all give drastically different readings -LRB- up to a 10 % delta in temp and humidity -RRB- . Example , one will read 55 % Humidity , another 50 % , the last 45 % . Same kind of delta w / temp.If they were accurate I would give 5 stars , easy to use/read , nice idea .
 The indoor temperature displayed is about 5 or 6 degrees TOO HIGH . When the room is about 70 , the Honeywell tells me it 's 76 ! There does n't appear to be any kind of adjustment . Otherwise , the unit works well .
 I just received my Honeywell unit , I am having the same problem everyone else is . The remote and base readings are totally different , even when sitting next to each other . There is about a 5 degree difference in temperature . Makes me wonder if either unit is accurate . I wish I would have read the reviews before I purchased . I would not purchase this , you can probably guess the temperature and humidity levels more accurately than this unit .
 The internal and external temprature/humidity devices highly disagree in humidity and temp when placed side by side . They are n't useful for my purposes .
 I tested this device for over an hour with several different thermometers . It is inaccurate in both temperature and humidity . I now have to pay shipping because I got a product that does n't work ? EFF that .
 First of all , this is not a Honeywell product , but a Meade product . The Honeywell name is licensed by Meade Instruments . I was surprised when discovering this because Meade specializes in telescopes while Honeywell is well known for making thermostats ! Why would Honeywell license its name to someone else to make a thermostat ? I have no idea!The LCD screen on the main unit is large and bright , can read the numbers from across the room . The LCD screen on the remote is harder to read , but it does n't matter much because you can always read from the main unit.The hygrometer is responsive and displays humidity levels roughly consistent with -LRB- well , on average higher than -RRB- the other hygrometers I own when lined up side by side -LRB- I have quite a few from other brands -RRB- . The thermometer on the main unit is terribly slow and takes ages to adjust to the correct temperature . It may be able to give you a correct measurement when you walk into your office in the morning -LRB- as it has the whole night to adjust -RRB- , but forget about it if you want to know the the change in temperature right now.The thermometer on the remote unit responds faster but still much slower than other brands . May take 20-30 minutes to adjust.I was able to set up the remote system easily even before reading the manual.Transmission is great . My remote unit is in the balcony and the main unit is in my bedroom 30 feet apart . They are not in a line of sight and there are walls , double glass doors between them.The remote unit looks sturdy and is advertised as weather-resistant -LRB- the manual does instruct you to place it out of direct sunlight or rain/snow -RRB- . According to the manual
 It loses signal may once every week or two . I should n't have to mess with this thing . I know people who have a different brand and say this never happens . Time to get a different one and trash this .
 The primary reason I purchased this thermometer was to monitor the outdoor temperature . The Outdoor temperature is off by approxamately 4-6 degrees . The margin of error is not linear either , so this product is useless to me . Indoor temperature is accurate . Not sure about the accuracy of the humidity .
 I have purchased this due to the high reviews . It however turned out to be a disappointment . First of , I did followed the instructions to put batteries in remote unit first , reset it , then put batteries in the main unit . Every time the main unit gets reset , it seems to start from 80F temperature & 20 % in humidify , and very slowly adjust from there . After numerous resets , I was still unable to get the main unit to display same info shown in the remote unit , even when placing them side by side . The main unit seems to always be 4-8 % off in humidity compared to the remote unit . As for temperature , the main unit also varies from the remote unit . It can differentiate from 2.6 F to as accurate as 0.1 F , compared to data shown in remote unit . The remote seems more accurate then the main unit . The main unit and the remote unit have buttons -LRB- requires paper clip to reach -RRB- to adjust the display from Fahrenheit to Celsius & vice versa . I however , was unable to get the remote to display in Fahrenheit . It was stuck displaying in Celsius.Other than these negatives , the unit itself is pretty nice . It has a big display ; the digital numbers are about 1 inch in height in the main unit . The remote unit also has a digital display , although it 's much smaller than the main unit . I guess if you 're looking for a unit to just display the temperature , this may not be a bad device . However , as a hygrometer , this definitely is not the unit to be using for accuracy . I will be returning this unit , since I am looking for a hygrometer ...
 Purchased it based on positive reviews here as I wanted to measure mainly humidity in my living room and bedroom -LRB- got SPT SU-4010 humidifier from Amazon , great unit btw . -RRB- . Was excited to see that the display is large and easily readable even from opposite side of the room -LRB- it is not illuminated , however -RRB- . Temperature measure with both main and remote unit is comparable with just 0.1-0 .3 C difference and is almost the same measured with any other digital thermometer in my house . Unfortunately , I ca n't same the same about humidity . Main unit usually display 15-20 % less than remote unit , even they are located 5 inch away from each other . And main unit measures almost 35 % less humidity than my old meter which is almost impossible as it is definitely not 5 % humidity inside my house . I put Honeywell devices outside and they even ca n't measure the humidity -LRB- '' -- '' displayed -RRB- . Online weather station shows that humidity in my area should be about 40 % , not '' -- '' ! I wish the remote sensor information was displayed on the main screen all the time ... I should pres a button to get it . You must get 4 AA batteries as thy are not included . FYI , main unit is 4.5 x5x1 and remote is 2.25 x4 .25 x1 in.I 'm going to return it for replacement -LRB- it was sold via Amazon by ANTonline so I have to send it to them -RRB- and will update my review.Update -LSB- a week later -RSB-
 I was disappointed . For starters , `` Honeywell '' did not make this product ; some no-name company that is simply licensing the Honeywell name did . As someone else mentioned , the indoor and outdoor units display different readings - even when sitting next to each other ; makes me wonder how accurate either gage is . It has a very noisy mechanical button to ` click ' between indoor and outdoor units , and since it is designed for more than one remote outdoor unit , you need to always click through blank screens to get back to the indoor reading . There are better and cheaper electronic gages out there .
 The item comes comes with a main unit and a remote sensor . The main unit -LRB- displays inside Temp/RH -RRB- should be placed inside and the remote sensor -LRB- displays outside Temp/RH -RRB- be placed outside or inside . Distance between both of them should not be more than 100 feet -LRB- 30 metres -RRB- and no obstacles between them.I feel both show temperature correctly but relative humidity -LRB- RH -RRB- incorrect to a great extent . While the weather.com says RH to be around 70 % , remote sensor when placed outside shows it to be around 25 % . Of course , its common sense , outside RH will never be that low . Even the main unit which says 40 % -70 % RH is good , never reaches that level . It displays around 30 % RH most of the time , I tested in many different conditions where the RH is definitely supposed to be high . I have been using this unit since 4 months .
 I thought Honeywell would be a name to be trusted
 i followed all instructions numerous times and the thing did n't do anything expect the sensor light went on and off flickering ... no temperature or humidity reading change . . nothing ... i 'll write a different review if the company makes good ... if not i wo n't buy Honeywell ... and if Amazon.com does n't refund , if Honeywell does n't , i 'll not use Amazon.com ... john
 I bought this the other week and when it arrived my first impression was that it was perfect . I intended to use it in a humidor -LRB- or coolerdor , to be specific -RRB- to monitor the humidity of my cigars . Before putting it in the cooler , I wanted to do the salt test to see how accurate it was . After 14 hours it showed a reading of 70 % humidity where an accurate hygrometer should read 75 % . I contacted Honeywell and they said , `` The humidity accuracy of our instruments is + / - 5 % -7 % , so your unit performs within stated specifications . '' I only wish they would have that listed on the specs because I would not have purchased it.Other than the less than ideal accuracy , it is a very nice device . Small but easy to read . Easy to use . The remote sensor connected to the main devices almost instantly . I 'm going to keep it and use it as long as it consistently reads -5 % from the actual value .
 It worked for about 3 months , then the remote humidity reading went haywire ??????? Then the main unit stopped working -LRB- yes I put new batteries in -RRB- . At $ 20 , it seems silly to bother with returning it ... of course that might be Honeywell 's master plan .
 The indoor and outdoor units vary greatly from each other . I noticed when I bought it that both the outside and inside units were next to each other on my dining room table for a few days . With both in the house , the outside unit was about 5 degrees and 5 % humidity from the inside unit . One or the other , or both are too inaccurate.Then after 2 weeks , the indoor unit did not communicate with the outdoor unit . I used the instructions , reset them , carefully read what to do . All to no avail.Avoid this unit . It looks like , but it is not well made in my opinion . I threw it out .
 The product worked as advertised for 4 months . Now it displays a temperature about 4 degrees higher than it actually is , or sometimes a random value . Quality control ? One can add remote sensors but they are a little annoying , since their readings are not simultaneously displayed on the main unit , a button click being needed to scroll through them .
 This unit worked fine until the damp Seattle fall weather started in September . The remote unit is completely broken and the main unit can not detect it . We received it from our wedding registry , and I 'm not sure how to get a refund since I did n't retain the packing slip .
 I have been using this pair for seven months to monitor the temperature and humidity of our crawl space . I noticed recently that the remote sensor varies substantially in humidity values from other instruments . This lack of accuracy means I need to buy another remote sensor to replace this one .
 i used this product for a few years . i applied it as per the directions , spraying a wide perimeter , but now the rabbits run over it to get to the unsprayed areas . if i see them eating in an unsprayed area i apply the product there . it does n't last that long because i have to water my lawn almost daily and it gets washed away . right now i am replacing the bare spots with new sod and watching for any new areas where they are eating .
 I considered the rabbits a nuisance mostly - the veggies are tucked in their poultry netted beds and an occasional nip to a flowering plant sacrificed to nature 's harmony was n't going to bother me . That was until I returned from a spring weekend away to find the peonies decimated just as they were setting their buds . So I ran out and bought Liquid Fence - choosing this product over others so the dogs -LRB- who had never shown any interest in the garden truth be told -RRB- would n't feel unwelcome . Since a single `` liberal application '' -LRB- words from the instructions on the bottle -RRB- the rabbits have n't been back . Unfortunately , Liquid fence left an unsightly white powder on green foliage . The same delicate foliage so attractive to rabbits was either set back or killed by the product
 Our mule deer here in Oregon seem to think this product is salad dressing . Some like it , some do n't . However , in either case , it has to be applied frequently to even have a chance to work .
 Used to think rabbits were cute & cuddly . Turns out they have no souls and incessantly destroy your beautiful plants without any consideration . They all must die . But if you choose not to kill them , this is a friendlier method . Does n't last long , especially if it rains or if its irrigated where applied . Got ta be applied at least once/week , at least where I live with these evil furry unscrupulous raisin-laying mother-effers . Anyhow , mix enough product that you will only use for that day , since it is made from rotten eggs , it will form clumps of mold as it sits in your pressure-sprayer . These chunks in turn , will clog up your feed line & sprayer wand , rendering your equipment useless.Rabbits are the work of the devil .
 Does n't really work very well in the real world to prevent deer from eating your plants over the long run
 THIS STUFF IS JUST A WASTE OF MONEY , IT DONT WORK AND THE RECHID SMELL LINGERS FOR EVER .
 I ordered some of these from the manufacturer expecting GroDan rockwool cubes ... I was disappointed to find some off brand called pargro.For the dishonesty I will never order from this company again.The truth to the matter : `` Why did the Grodan company create Pargro Quick Drain?We made Pargro because we recognized the need for an affordably priced , quality Rockwool with excellent drainage . There are lower-priced brands in the market that do not deliver what they promise - mainly a uniform product that drains well but does not fall apart . Try Pargro QD and you will see the difference.What is the difference between Pargro and Grodan?Pargro uses only one basic type of wool for propagation , one for blocks and another type for slabs . The wool used in Grodan is configured specifically with Delta Technology for each Grodan product that is made.The Grodan line includes a larger variety of products and sizes.Pargro marketing and product support is limited , unlike for Grodan . `` from their website . So it 's as if you were sold the top of the line but you received the base model ... Kinda crooked ?
 Before you start investing in a Fontanini Nativity village , be aware that everything except the figurines of people are made in China.Also , the quality of the figurines is about what you would expect from a toy that you would give a three year old child . They do n't even sit flat .
 As usual , disappointed with solar lighting . Not bright , hard to see . Would not buy again if I were given the opportunity .
 Had high hopes for this item . Great concept , but poor execution . I had originally purchased 3 of these . They looked good in the water so I purchased 6 more . The solar charging/battery system would keep them lit several hours nightly . Within 2 weeks , a few stopped working . Upon examination , I found that the seal had failed and water had entered the lights . These were not dropped or abused , just floating in the pool . I checked them all and found several more with water intrusion . All were returned . Had they not leaked , I probably would have left a positive review .
 thought it would be somewhat sumberged therefor eluminating the water , but it only sat on top of water . It only worked for one day . Glad it was only 10 bucks .
 First of all the instructions on the box are incorrect as far as the bill of materials . Second the `` lifetime guarantee '' is just those words printed on the box . There was no real warranty included with the product spelling out what the guarantee is.Worst is the customer service . They try every means available to try and keep from speaking with you by giving you # options which is just another message on their phone system . After thirteen -LRB- 13 -RRB- phone calls I finally got a person on the line who put me on hold and I stayed on hold for seventeen -LRB- 17 -RRB- minutes and finally gave up.The next day I tried again and finally was given an option of leaving a message and would get a call back . That was 7 hours ago and no call back.If you get one of their items , you better hope that nothing EVER goes wrong with it . How good is a guarantee when you can not get in contact with the manufacturer ?
 Okay I really do n't know how anyone else did n't have this problem - but on the box , it tells you that you need one 2x4x8 cut shorter . For my 4 ' bench it says you need four 2x4s cut into 4 ' pieces and one 2x4 cut into 42 '' . I figured the shorter piece was supposed to go in the front - but it does n't fit anywhere !! It basically tells you that you need eight 4 ' lengths and one 42 '' length . Total 9 pieces . But like I said the smaller piece does not fit in anywhere without everything else hanging off . So now I either need to cut , sand , paint a new 2x4x8 to 4 ' , or cut all my pieces to 42 '' . In the picture they are all flush . Which means they are all 4 ' . Why on earth is the box wrong ?? This project ended up costing wayyy to much $ $ and headache and trips to Home Depot . I 'm about to throw the thing in the trash I 'm so frustrated . How is it that no one else has this problem ? Did I get a faulty box/instructions or something ? When I download the instructions from the website there is no mention of the 42 '' fiasco . Not too happy right now with something I thought would be an easy and fun project .
 Very good and inexpensive way to make an outdoor bench or chair that is easily moved from location to location as well as easily repaired or renewed by replacing damaged or aged boards .
 The bench was great when first assembled . But after 10 months outside in Arizona , the plastic frame had been devoured by animals to the point that one leg was completely gone and the arms were just tatters . I would not recommend this for anything but very urban areas with little wildlife .
 misleading - no where did it say that you had to buy 2x4 's and spend more money to make this bench or chair . It cost over $ 50 just to buy 2 sides and a bag of screws , that is a disgrace , and you people should be ashamed of yourselves .
 I have one of these units on my balcony and after a few years it has become brittle , discolored and inoperable . This is not a panel I would leave outdoors over long periods of time .
 i received this item to use for tailgating at football games . two of the telescoping sections were jammed when i received it , so you could not raise the pole beyond one section . after several back and forths with customer service , the company sent a ` replacement ' section - but only sent one portion so the pole was still inoperative . again i called customer service and this time they charged me shipping and handling for the additional section of pole . all this for an item i have never used yet !
 Not worth it . After about two months the sun just dried it up , and it fell apart into small pieces . Should n't it be able to withstand the sun ?
 What I received was NOT a natural Raffia woven design . It is plastic - and not woven . What I received is absolutely not the item shown in the picture . I have contacted PartyAmerica twice and they have completely ignored me .
 First off , build quality is poor . Flat bar used as center braces was cut too short , maybe 3/8 to 1/2 inch . Rather than get a piece that is cut to proper length , the welder tried to weld the short piece into place . On one weld in particular , the weld length is less than a quarter inch long . The rest of the `` Open Air '' weld was just left , poor workmanship!Holes are punched , not drilled . When you punch tubing , it dents it in , looks to be about a 1/4 inch on both sides.I know I will be welding on this in the near future.As far as `` Adjustable working width , 18-Inch - 42-Inch for versatility '' , that is misleading . Yes you can move the tines narrower , but the implement frame is still 42 '' , it does not adjust like other brands .
 I thought it might help break up the soil around my home . It barely made a scratch on the dirt even with 3 cinderblocks on top . I even sharpened the edges thinking it just needed a little help . No such luck . It must be for situations where the dirt is nice and soft and loamy to begin with .
 I am guessing that the disc may work on soil that is already tilled and nearly ready to plant . I hoped it would cut through sod , but in spite of how much weight I added no luck .
 It was delivered via my mailbox and usps , it arrived half dead and never recovered !
 Followed the directions . Applied liberally . Dries over several hours . Bunny rabbit standing in the middle of my garden chewing on lily shoots.Doesn ' t work . Further , the odor does linger after fully dried , although far less.Asking for the manufacturer 's money back guarantee and buying a cage trap .
 I considered the rabbits a nuisance mostly - the veggies are tucked in their poultry netted beds and an occasional nip to a flowering plant sacrificed to nature 's harmony was n't going to bother me . That was until I returned from a spring weekend away to find the peonies decimated just as they were setting their buds . So I ran out and bought Liquid Fence - choosing this product over others so the dogs -LRB- who had never shown any interest in the garden truth be told -RRB- would n't feel unwelcome . Since a single `` liberal application '' -LRB- words from the instructions on the bottle -RRB- the rabbits have n't been back . Unfortunately , Liquid fence left an unsightly white powder on green foliage . The same delicate foliage so attractive to rabbits was either set back or killed by the product
 This stuff smells SO bad , I can understand why it would ward off deer . When I got my package and opened it I almost threw up -LRB- some of it had leaked out -RRB- . I had to store this in the garage because the smell was so pungent . I wish I had n't ordered so much ! I 'm not even sure I can sit outside after this has been sprayed on my plants . I will go back to using Deer Off when I run out of this stuff . That stuff was pretty effective and did n't literally make me vomit . I have just started using and ca n't really speak to it 's effectiveness - hopefully it works and will be worth the nausea .
 The product stinks . It smells like a sewer backed up . It lasts for a while then it disappears . I put it on my roses , liliacs , hydranges , rhodo 's , azeleas , and peones.I live in a woodsy area . It does seem to repeal deer and other small animals . I also think it repels dogs , cats and humans.I would never buy this product again .
 Tried this product to stop rabbits eating my lawn . Sprayed on as directed and the next morning two rabbits were feasting on the very spot treated with this product .
 Within 30 minutes of heavily spraying Liquid Fence around the base of my perimeter fence , I watched a rabbit burrow under the fence into my yard , totally oblivious that he was supposed to be repulsed by the `` repellent '' . Unfortunately for me , however , the vile , vomit-like stench that this product produces lingered for days , repelling my family from the area . They cursed my name . The rabbits continued to pour into my yard , even laying babies in my strawberry garden . This should be labeled `` human repellent '' or `` how to lose your family in 30 minutes '' , anything but `` rabbit repellent '' .
 I followed all instructions on the spray bottle . It said on the bottle that you only need to spray once a week for 3 weeks but I sprayed every day to insure that it would keep the deer off my flowers . After 3 days the deer came in and ate EVERY flower down to a nub ! I know the stuff was on the flowers because it turns a white color when it dries . It never rained in those 3 days either . So my conclusion is that the deer could care less the product smells bad and I would say that it must not have tasted bad seeing they ate the flowers down to the dirt !
 I do n't know how it works for deer , but it 's totally ineffective for the rabbits . After using one bottle as per instructions , the rabbits were back , so I started the 2nd bottle . I could ' t get the spray nozzle to work and was so frustrated , I took it off and POURED the entire bottle over a mere 12 Zinnias . Two days later the rabbits are back.I have resorted to throwing various gareden implements at them . This works just as well -LRB- or poorly -RRB- as the Liquid Fence . And yes ... I realize I need to get a life . : -RRB-
 I bought this ducane gas grill 2 years ago . It has been working good until the last fall then it stopped . I filled up the tank but it produces only tiny fire . I called a dealer and they told me that I have to take off the hose and re-connect then open it very slowly . Otherwise a bb in the regulator chokes the gas . -LRB- what they are talking about ? -RRB- . So now , everytime I want to use the grill , I have to disconnect , and connect again for 3 times every single time . This is rediculous . I called Ducane but there is only 1 person in Ducane who handle this problem and he 's not there but a voice mail message . And he never calls me back . The quality of this product is not good at all . It lasted only 2 years .
 Supplier delivered the wrong product and has not responded to requests to return wrong item . I would not buy from this supplier on Amazon.com again .
 I receieved these African violets the other day.Hirt 's Gardens shipped them with careful packaging -LRB- masking tape to hold in the soil , each plant carefully wrapped in newspaper , then styrofoam peanuts to fill the box -RRB- - there was very little spillage and no damage to the plants . The plants came healthy & well.However ... the violets hardly look like the photos . The `` bell '' shape is hardly discernable from a violet you 'd buy at the supermarket . The light pink one has a very washed out color and the `` pale blue '' one is n't . The one advertised as pale blue is vibrant purple . It is a lovely shade of purple , however , purple violets being as common as they are - are not nearly as impressive as the pale blue color pictured . To be honest , the violets do n't look very extraordinary at all.Healthy lovely plants ... just not as unique as I had hoped .
 Violet was not as pictured - not pink or blue at all , nor were they bell shaped . Just plain and deep purple .
 The bristles on the brush are brass not steel . I have a cast iron cooking surface on my BBQ and the manufacturer recomended a steel brush over a brass one . I thought this would fill the requirement . I 'm disappointed in the product description : -LRB- However , the brush looks like a good choice -LRB- well constructed/nice size -RRB- if you are in the market for a brass bristled brush .
 I 've owned a similar Ardisam rototiller for the past 17 years . It 's still going , which is good I suppose . It is definitely not the worst rototiller I 've ever used , but has some significant flaws . It 's too light to bite into the soil at a depth much over 4 inches . The handle adjustments seem to be for operators between 3 and 4 feet tall . And the gear box is actually two gearboxes interconnected with a threaded pipe , which leaks grease at both ends and needs to be filled at each use . Oh , and the engine needs ether to start it , every time , even when it 's warmed up . I do n't know how bad the competition is at this price level , but I suspect you can do better .
 The non-stick surface started flaking off on the SECOND use . This seems to be typical of Grilla Gear products , as the non-stick surface started coming off the FIRST time I used their 16 oz . Saucepot .
 I was very disappointed with the rose pruner especially considering the cost of it . It is not effective at cutting anything but the smallest of branches and does not look like it will hold up to long term use . I wish I had returned it .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- This is no exaggeration - mine broke on the very first twig I tried to prune with it . It is cheaply made , does not work well when new , and will certainly not last .
 I applied this product exactly according to the instructions , early spring slightly before the first mowing . Four months later and my backyard is full of crabgrass . I had a crab grass issue in the backyard in the past but NEVER seen as much as this . . It completely has taken over and its not even summer yet . I 've always maintained a nice lawn besides last summer when my lawn burnt up in July when I went on vacation and crabgrass emerged . This product did absolutely nothing . In fact over the last couple years I havent had much luck at all with scotts seed or other products . Needless to say I will not be purchasing scotts products anymore : - -LRB-
 Save your money . The crabgrass preventer does not work . Straight fertilizer is much less expensive and will accomplish the same thing . Anybody want to buy a nice crop of crabgrass and clover -LRB- only slightly interspersed with turf grass -RRB- ?
 The product description states
 I went to HD today to buy this product because I figured I 'd get a head start on the crabgrass this year . The packaging states that you can not plant any new seed for 4 months after placing this down . If you are someone who likes to overseed the lawn every year , you can not place this down beforehand . It also states you can not rake for 4 months afterwards otherwise you will disturb the crabgrass barrier it creates .
 They work very well and all goes well until you try to remove them . Nothing packs well , so all the `` dirt '' falls apart . Also , if you wait too long , the roots come out the bottom and you can not get it out . A better alternative are the Peat planters . They are bigger and much better . You can plant them directly into the ground . No hassle , no mess ! Try cutting the sides of this to get everything out and you will see the mess you create . Pass on this and get the Peat planters .
 Just received the cubes and have no idea if they will work or not . However , Hurt only sent 36 cubes and not the 72 specified . Even after I replied to their confirmation email -LRB- which listed 36 -RRB- , informing them of the error and even included a link to this website . Still , I give the produce 2 stars in the hope that the cubes are not as bad as their customer service
 This bowl was the perfect size for a plant I have . It states it has a drain hole plug but what is does n't tell you or show you is that the drain hole is up on the bottom curve of the bowl , not on the bottom proper . If you want to water the plant from the bottom -LRB- like I do -RRB- the entire bowl would have to be submerged . I tried to carefully drill a hole in the bottom of the bowl with the intention of leaving the plug in place and the entire bottom of the bowl cracked and shattered . I ended up throwing the bowl away -LRB- and wasting money -RRB- because there was no way to fix the bowl . I have ordered the Fiskara bowl of the same shape and size which states it has punch out holes in the bottom . I 'll review it after it arrive .
 The tires appear functional but I have n't been able to use them yet . They arrived very squished and compressed . This means they fit VERY loosely on the rims which prevents setting the bead . I now have to purchase tubes in order to use these tires . -LRB- There was no chance at using a compressor to set the bead and the starter fluid trick sure did n't work ! -RRB-
 There 's no way the tire illustrated in this picture is a 20 x 8 x 8 . I would never buy this , because I would n't know what they would ship to me .
 I received my pruner in a huge box that would fit a flat panel TV . With all that packing the scissor part at the end was broken -LRB- probably because the connection sleeve to the aluminum pole is plastic . Then I noticed the razor sharp blade is exposed where it could slice a deep cut if brushed against . Now I feel I 'm stuck with this thing . I do n't know if I have the patience to repackage and return it . It will end up in the landfill . Think twice before you buy .
 TOTAL JUNK ! Do n't buy unless you like poor quality products . I bought my Karcher K3 .98 M pressure washer about six months ago . I only use it about once a month to wash my cars . The Vario Power Spray -LRB- VPS -RRB- wand stopped producing pressure during my last use and is already rendered useless and needs to be replaced . I contacted Karcher and was told the warranty is only 90 days . I had to pay $ 35 for a replacement wand . You would expect something like this to last at least a couple of years before anything goes wrong .
 I 'm sorry to report that the Vario Spray Wand that came with my K 2.38 M is junk . Thankfully I saved my old wand from an old Karcher and it still works perfect . Since I 've only owned my product for less than 2 months Karcher is sending me a replacement wand . Buyer beware on this poorly made attachment that comes with the unit !
 Like others have mentioned , this product burned my lawn . I applied this product about ten days ago and started seeing the yellow discoloration about two days after the application . I live in Southern California and applied this in late March , just before the summer heat . I followed the direction to the tee , watered my lawn just before application , but now am experiencing discouragement from the huge yellow spots on my previous green healthy lawn . I just spent half a day thatching and aerating the lawn in hopes this will help my lawn come back to its health green state . I 'll follow up in a few weeks but so far , am very discouraged by this products effects .
 I bought 30 pounds of this stuff and used it as per directions and nothing ... . ALL weeds are still there - nice and healthy and grass is still the same .
 unfortunately Scotts took my money and burned my lawn . I mean completely burned it . . I followed the directions , watered first , selected no. 3.5 on the drop spreader . I did n't overlap as a matter of fact i separated further than needed . Two days after the lawn was a disaster . Stay away from this product , especially where it says guarantees it wo n't burn !?!
 I followed instructions and did a test patch . My entire test area is yellow . My backyard looks odd with a section of bright yellow and everything else green . i would do a small test patch before use !
 Region
 Last summer we had a reasonable amount of grass in our yard -- enough to need to mow once a week . We also had dandelions.We spread this stuff around the yard -- not difficult -- and watered or whatever like we were supposed to . We followed all instructions and our type of grass should 've been fine with this weed killer.A week or two later we spread grass seed TWICE . Watered the rest of the season.This season our yard is officially comprised of DIRT . No grass . There is n't anything growing there . While it 's nice that Scotts was kind enough to save us the need to mow our lawn , it 's not what we signed up for . We were hoping for thick grass with minimal dandelions to have to deal with . We did n't expect to end up with ` less ' grass than we started with , and certainly not left with ZERO grass ! What the hell Scott 's ?
 My husband applied this product to our lawn using a Scotts Spreader and exactly per the directions . There 's brown spots all over the lawn ! Complete waste of money not to mention the extra water I 'm using now to salvage the lawn ! Lesson learned , never using chemical fertilizers or weed control products again !
 This review is for Scotts Turf Builder Plus 2 Weed Control/Fertilizer . I 'm giving this product only one star because of the following prominent statement on the front of the package for this product and some others that they sell
 I purchased this product because I noticed several empty spots on my lawn and wanted more grass . Unfortunately , after applying this grass seed with a spreader , my lawn went from empty spots to empty spots with burned spots where the good grass was . You would think an official product of Major League Baseball -LRB- which prides itself on its green grassy fields -RRB- would work well , but BEWARE ... THIS PRODUCT WILL BURN GRASS ... NOT GROW IT!I 'm going to try Pennington or Viagara or any other company than Scott 's ! Thanks for burning up an already precarious lawn !
 I bought 2 of these after seeing evidence of mice and baited both with cheese . We saw the remains of one trap the next day . The mouse in question apparently got the cheese , got trapped and then chewed through the middle spring area to free itself . I thought these were supposed to kill them!Well , in all fairness we have set 2 other types of spring traps with peanut butter and the peanut butter was eaten off all of the traps without them being set off ! I have no idea what to try next .
 These traps do n't work at all . So , I bought a humane trap and caught my mouse the very next day . With the humane trap , there was no mess and the kids thought it was fun to see the mouse run away free in a nearby field .
 Buyers beware . Twice I received a different -LRB- cheaper -RRB- model than the one pictured and paid for . This company is substituting #HP -130 DX with a coil spring for this model with the V spring .
 How do you expect someone to purchase this item if they do n't know its dimensions ... please get with the program !!!
 A bit heavier than I expected , and a bit flimsy in terms of getting the ends to close . Two complaints1 . The product label , which you can see in the product photo , does n't remove cleanly . Now I have a large white splotch on the baffle from the label glue holding the underside paper of the label . I suppose I can soak this in water overnight and maybe the glue and paper will come off , but this is an unnecessary annoyance .2 . The opening of the bolt that attaches to the pole , on which the baffle rests , is too large for a common pole size . So it tends to slip down . Yes , the product states that this bolt has a certain dimension , but it 's an inconvenience to have to measure the diameter of the pole . And it seems trivial to have made this product with a bolt that is slightly tighter to accommodate a range of regular pole dimensions .
 What a disappointment ! Prior reviews held much praise for the quality and construction of these shears . Sure the blades are sharp but that is of little consequence if your knuckles smash together each and every time the handles fully close . The aluminum handles bend quite easily too . Spend your $ 80.00 elsewhere ... these shears will be returned .
 I only used this item occasionally for light trimming for a little over a year when the plastic on both handles cracked causing one of them to fall off . The manufacturer is apparently in Japan so no customer satisfaction there . A waste of $ 65 .
 they are probably a lesson in `` you get what you pay for '' . The spikes not long enough to keep it in the ground with any weight at all . I just bought them for bird feeders , not even heavier planters and they still fall over every 2-3 days like clockwork . they were n't THAT much cheaper than something at home depot , if returns were not such a pain in the butt I would . So , not horrible , just not very dependable . I suppose you could tie it to something but that kind of defeats the point of a free-standing hook .
 This cover worked great for a few months . We live in Southern California , where it rained about 3-5 times in the past 6 months . When i went to lift up the cover it ripped . I tried another place it ripped there too . Pretty much any place on the cover I touch it just tears . The material has totally disintegrated from the sun .
 I bought this cover exactly 28 months ago and it is now ripped and useless . While it seems very sturdy , it does not stand up to rain and wind very well . The material deteriorates and seems to get mildewy , then it starts to tear . I am going back to a cheaper cover made from car cover material that lasts just as long , but costs much less .
 This cover only lasted two years . And what was worse was the underside decomposed and stuck to my granite table taking out some mortar from the table . It almost ruined my table . I would advise not getting this cover unless you have steel or glass tops and you do not get too much rain . Otherwise , look elsewhere . The warranty is short so that tells you something .
 Bought these covers last year for my patio table and couches and all three of them became brittle and tore . They did a good job protecting from the rain as long as there was n't any wind since the straps were n't positioned in the right spot to keep the corners down . Would n't buy these again and am currently looking for a new brand since mine are in shreds .
 Material appears to be tough and durable . Size is as advertised and fits perfectly . The major dissapointment is that the cover has only 2 tie-downs - diagonally from each other at the corners . This is not enough . There should be at least 4 , one at each corner . In a relatively light wind , the cover blew off entirely and dragged the two chairs to which it was attached across my patio . The manufacturer had a good product but decided to go cheap and only put two tie-downs on the cover . I will have to figure out a way to modify the cover myself so that it will be useable . Because of this significant flaw , I would not recommend this product .
 I expected this product to last more than two seasons . The product does not weather very well , the material breaks down causing linear cracks in the cover which results in moisture and mildew under the the cover . I purchased four Veranda chair covers at the same time and they are showing some deteration but are wearing far better than the table & chair covers .
 This merchandise arrived used.It was dirty , had foot prints and leaves on it.I returned it .
 The material appears to be strong and weather resistant but I could not tie or fixate it down . It is easily blown off the table and chairs by the wind . It also accumulates alot of rain water which is difficult to remove .
 Love the size of the large cover but unfortunately ripped in two places three months into usage . Not thrilled to have to duct tape the rips .
 I used this to cover a patio table and chairs on our deck . Unfortunately it was difficult to get the cover tight around the furniture . Pulling the string to snug the bottom of the cover was difficult . There are two hook and eye loops that I placed around table legs , but even with those a strong wind blew the cover off . I 'm going to see if I can come up with a solution to better attach it to the patio furniture.Update 1/15/2013I mistakenly identified the straps as hook and eye . Instead they have click buckles similar to those found in a child 's car seat.In order to eliminate having this cover blow off in a strong wind I tilted the chairs forward so that the front of the backs rested against the top of the table . Since my chairs are a spring sling design this allowed me to reduce the size of the bottom of the cover to an area smaller that the top . I also looped a rope through the handles of the cover to tighten it more than I could with the cover 's elastic hem cord .
 Disappointed in this cover . I measured my table before ordering and according to the measurements it should fit - well it does n't . It does fit over the table , but not with chairs under it , I think the biggest problem is that the chairs are taller than the table so it does n't cover the all - but do n't most chairs sit higher than the table ? All of my other covers are this brand and we 've had good luck until this purchase .
 I was not happy that it did n't tie down that well . It should have more click-close straps and hem cords to secure it . Sandy pulled it off leaving the chairs on their side and the table move about three feet from where it was . Not good for high winds . We have used a large tarp in the past and it stayed on !
 Did not receive the cover I ordered twice . Ordered an 88 '' round cover and each time I received an 88 '' long cover .
 I love the Veranda I have for my BBQ , but How do I find out the measured with a tape ; measure for ther Table and Chair set ????? I am looking ! I have ordered , but hope I do not have to return !
 Quality of this item is okay , but the picture is deceptive . In looking at the picture it appears you are buying three snaps , however you only receive one .
 I had to return the detector . The button was too hard to press . It also has too blunt of a point so you can not push it into the ground . The return was a little painful . Return instructions were hard to follow , but I finally succeeded .
 ARS makes several pairs of scissors that appear quite similar but are , in fact , quite different upon close inspection . Also , ARS does not identify their scissors with any product code.When I made my purchase I already had a pair of ARS scissors -LRB- with orange handles -RRB- which I wanted to replace . I thought I wanted the ARS Bonsai scissors until I noticed that the 330H scissor in the Amazon ad were the only ones with orange handles . With no product numbers of my own I ordered the orange handled scissors.When the scissors arrived I immediately noticed that the scissors did not have orange handles and the scissors blades were not as narrow as the scissors I already had - and the vendor catalog that came with the order showed the 330H scissors were available in four colors but none of them were orange.Thus , I have concluded that Amazon 's confusion in placement of the pictures accompanying the various ARS scissors in the Amazon ad led me to purchase scissors I did not want.So , if a correct photo of the 330H had been shown when I made my purchase , I would have ordered the bonsai scissors as I originally intended . As it turned out I had to absorb $ 9.50 in shipping charges to receive the faulty scissors plus pay an additional $ 3.50 in shipping to return the scissors to the supplier .
 Plant arrived , skimpy in growth -LRB- few leafs -RRB- and the unusual sustained winter weather in early sprin on the East coast has tended to dey it up . Late Spring would be better , but by theb the plant is sold out .
 Just received this item and its made of flimsy plastic and is much smaller than I thought it would be . It 's 5 '' long when folded . I ca n't believe it will last more than a few jobs before falling apart or cracking . I should have caught that it was for cutting bonsai trees . It 's certainly not worth $ 10 .
 The mini megaphone I ordered was a disappointment because the volume could not be turned loud enough to be heard at the distance I needed within the house . Within a smaller space , it should be adequate .
 Delivery was prompt . I believe I would order other products from this company . But although the size of this mini megaphone was ideal , it had too much static when I spoke into it to be useful . I returned it .
 Missing parts , nut and bolt to keep cup in place at bottom of sprayer , Where is QA?The rest of it is OK except that one of the most important things in a backpac sprayeris the sholder slings and these are very poor.You corporate fools need to produce QUALITY PRODUCTS to sell your products !
 As I wrote before the item was poorly packaged and arrive with hooks broken . I looped the strap around the frame -LRB- there is no attachment point . -RRB- and used the end of the hook to secure the strap.Today I tried to use it but it leaks at every fitting and can not be hand tightened enough to stop the leaks . I am afraid it is headed to the scrap heap . If you are looking for a sprayer spend a little more and look for a good one . STAY AWAY FROM SOLO . I do not trust anything from a company that will sell junk .
 When left at room temperature on the kitchen table the indoor temperature reading was about 4 degrees higher than the outdoor temperature . -LRB- I expected both readings to be the same . -RRB- Once installed in accordance with the instructions , the outdoor temperature reading stays about 10 degrees higher than readings on other thermometers placed along side the sensor . In addition , the thin strip of liquid in both glass tubes make it difficult to read the temperatures . Bottom line
 The product is listed as being pre-tapped . Trueth is they no longer pre-tap the item . When it came to me it was the same as the blank housing . When I called about returning it they stated that I would either have to return the item or buy the self tapping bolts . The bolts are 1.50 each and shipping is 8 dollars . To return the item is another 9 dollars so either way you lose more money in shipping then what you pay for the item . Total garbage and false advertising .
 Camp chef made a boo-boo here . I ordered this carry bag for my Sport grill box bb-60L . The item description outside the box is accurate but the bag itself is about 3 inches shorter of what it 's supposed to be . Initially , I thought it was an isolated error . . but when I received my replacement bag ... It 's still smaller than it 's suppose to be . I 'm returning my second bag and will be going to a local store to pick up a storage bag for my bb-60L .
 The description of this shed is so false that it borders on fraud . It was extremely difficult to assemble . I had to hire an experienced contractor -LRB- Bob -RRB- to help me put it together . Many of the holes did not match up . Many pieces that were supposed to have holes did n't have holes . The shed must be assembled on an absolutely level foundation , whether dirt or lawn or concrete . Even when the foundation is absolutely level , the holes still do not match up . After the shed was assembled -LRB- which took over 8 hours -RRB- , the doors were misaligned and Bob had to attach shims under the back of the shed . Then the doors were perfectly aligned . However , after I put items inside the shed , the doors became misaligned again . I called the manufacturer and was told that the shed MUST be assembled on a level foundation , otherwise the holes would not line up . Well , they did n't line up even though we dug down to dirt , leveled that , then laid concrete squares and made sure they were all completely level . There were two sets of instructions
 Looking for the perfect gift to give that one person whom you 'd really like to kill , but you wo n't because you do n't want to spend the rest of your life sharing a 5 by 8 foot cell with a 300 pound guy named `` Tiny '' ? Look no further ! Order one of these sheds and give it to him -LRB- or her -RRB- . Assembling it is pure agony . The instructions are almost worthless . It has more parts than you can imagine . And the really cool thing is that most of the holes do n't align , so assembling it is an exercise in pure frustration . The only down side to giving this shed to someone you hate is that if they are actually masochistic enough to finish assembling it , then they will have a nice little shed that will last for 20 years or so . But who knows , if you 're lucky they 'll go stark raving mad before they complete it .
 THIS CHAIN SAW BLADE IS SO DULL IT WOULD NOT CUT HOT BUTTER . I USUALLY DO NOT COMPLAIN ABOUT A PRODUCT . I ALWAYS SAY BUYER BEWARE . BUT THIS ONE IS SO BAD I HAD TO SAY SOMETHING .
 Said it fit Stihl 16 &#34; chain saw . Did n't fit mine . The guide the chain travels on was too thin for the chain to sit in . I have a Stihl MS 211C .
 Does not fit my Stihl MS211 though it says it will . That would be an error on the manufacturer -LRB- Oregon -RRB- . The seller wo n't take it back since I did n't open it within 30 days . -LRB- Shame on the seller -RRB- .
 Does not fit my MSE 180C stihl electric chain saw , something they might have mentioned . Right length , it just does n't fit the bar or the drive gear .
 Great price but that was it !! hydrostatic drive was broken within 3 minutes , and three days later it is still sitting in my driveway !! Swisher wo n't even answer a phone after three days of calling continuously and Amazon suddenly says they do n't have anymore but will credit me whenever they get their shipper to pick it up and return it to their warehouse which has been three days and one full day -LRB- off work -RRB- waiting for the shipment !!! and still no schedule of pick-up ! STRONGLY do not recommend , amazon customer service was even worse !! ca n't say enough BAD things about the whole transaction !
 I contacted after 3 days with the pool - I pay for water - there seems to be a leak about 21/2 feet up - an expensive item ! As I can not fill it 3 feet - hardly what I wanted . I 'm sure mine just has a defect - but they do no reply !! Frustrating and unlike amazon !
 I purchased this item thinking that it would come with a filter . The add shows 3 illustrations and one shows it with a filter . I checked the product information and from what I could see it included a filter , no mention of DOES NOT COME WITH FILTER . The add states a savings of almost $ 100 so you would expect this would not be a bare bones kit . I am not happy with the representation of the product and what I received . Adds like this should not be allowed .
 I should have read the reviews prior to ordering this from my employers gift selections . As stated in a prior review this pool will only work if it is on a completely level surface !! ARGH !! My backyard has a very slight downward grading to it , and after hours of filling this pool with water one side completely caved and my precious water flowed into our pond . I will now look for a backyard pool that has some sort of support structure built around it .
 It was easy to set up and fill . The problem was that my pump did not fit the pool . My pump and filter is for a 12 ' by 48 '' . This pool was 12 ' , 36 '' . The height difference made the pump incompatible . I gave the pool to a friend . I hope that he gets some use out of it , and I hope he was able to purchase the proper pump and filter .
 I bought this product to replace an existing one . The product purchased was nowhere near as durable as old product -LRB- with same name and size -RRB- . Inflatable ring needs constant maintenance , whereas with the old pool once it was blown up it never again needed air.Purchased product is also SHALLOWER and WIDER than advertised . Also the inlet outlet areas for filter tubes are longer and do n't allow the pipe clamps to attach securely to the plastic inlet and outlet guards inside of the pool.Furthermore the pool is made of a liner guage about 50 % -LRB- smaller -RRB- thinnerthan old product . -LRB- To include the bottom and sides -RRB- . Not a good buy , considering pool cose $ 85 , and shipping / handling was $ 60 due to weight .
 Was n't what I expected . Within less than a month of purchase the water drained out of the pool . The sides were not very strong .
 purchased this pool for my annual &#34; nanacamp &#34; for my 6 grandkids - day 2 , we find the pool sagging , and ring -LRB- around top -RRB- deflated ! My younger grandkids had &#34; chewed &#34; on the side - and although obviously not a great idea - very typical of young kids ... my point being - why is this &#34; ring &#34; not made of a more durable , &#34; bite resistant &#34; fabric ?! I could not believe a small child could puncture so easily the plastic ... we did find and repair the hole -LRB- very , very tiny by the way -RRB- and &#34; limped &#34; through the remainder of the week -LRB- temps by the way , were 100 + all that week !!! -RRB- but , sadly , will probably not be able to use another season - so , bottom line - a very expensive &#34; disposable &#34; pool ... would not do that again ... very frustrating !
 After buying the 36 '' x 15 ' pool , a filter pump , a ground cloth , a pool cover and pool chemicals I very carefully watched the setup DVD three times and followed those directions . I ended up with a 26 '' deep pool ... ten inches lower than claimed.This purchase was a complete disappointment and from my point of view constitutes false advertising . Be very wary of purchasing any goods from this company .
 Not what I expected , too smaill but mayve I did n't read the discription closely anyway not good for what I wanted to use it for .
 Like the other review said , not tightly woven as in the photo , but very flimsy and bigger open squares . Was going to stencil them with camp name , but ca n't do it on these . We 'll see how they hold up to traffic at cabins at a summer camp .
 This product is not as pictured . Unlike the picture , the weave is loosely constructed with wide gaps so you can see right through the mat . It is also flimsy , light weight and cheap . The other downside ? The third party charges a restocking fee - 10 % for unopened packaging and 50 % for opened ones . If you really like this product , opt for a local ACE Hardware store before ordering it here . At least , you will be able to return it for full cost .
 did not do what i expected it to do . looking for some thing to fit my backpacking stove for propane bottles .
 A pretty simple device . Not really a waterfall concept of any kind . The water just plops into the first cup until it overflows into the next etc. . Nothing runs down the chain . I suppose you could try to direct the water but it usually depends on the flow . It 's mostly an asthetic piece !
 Does n't work ! It did n't even patina over time , it just rusted and stained my porch and siding . The quality was poor and it made NO sound at all . It barley collected water . Poor design altogether !
 Has hung in my garden for a year now . Still looks pretty from a distance , but the connections and inside the tulips is rusted .
 I 'd give it MINUS stars if I could !!! This piece of garbage looks great out of the box , but rusted within 24 hours after I put water in it . It has since decayed badly and is likely toxic to birds . I 'm planning on scraping out the worst of the rust and sanding it , then using it for dry birdseed . But in no way should it ever have water in it .
 I can say that had I read the comment that was made since I purchased this that I might have selected something else . It does break down with water in it and I too would question if it is toxic to birds . Better comment is that it hung for days without a single bird attempting to figure out how to deal with it . Moved it to northern Arizona and yellow finches liked it but with a plethora of other birds in the area they were alone . Everyone else chose the older bath . So the birds chose the one star and not me . I like the idea of putting bird food in it .
 I was so excited when I finally found these at amazon . Shipped as described . I proudly put them out in my yard and waited for the birds to come entertain me . After a week my entertainment was ruined when both of the baths decided to rust . they are both useless . I am throwing them away and will order some type of porcelain dish . To be truthful Amazon should not even advertise these baths .
 Looked beautiful when it was received , but rusted badly when used . It is now useless . I now note that this is listed , not as a Copper Bird Bath , but a Copper FINISH Bird Bath . Copper does not rust -- it oxidizes , which then acts as a protective layer . This is obviously NOT solid copper . I will not buy any copper items by Strathwood again .
 Do NOT buy this product . It does n't work.After several instances where a rat took the bait without tripping the trap , I used a piece of wire to attach the bait to the trap . This time , the trap went off - but it didnt kill the rat . It simply pinned him underneath the mechanism . Unfortunately for me , I didnt realize the rat was still alive until I went to release the mechanism.The rat had plenty of life left in him and charged me - it literally charged AT ME - so I now had an opportunity to beat a huge rat to death with my bare fist.Thanks D-Con , for making a quality product ! -LRB- Said no one , ever . -RRB-
 I bought some of these Tomcat brand at Lowe 's - which look the same as the Victor brand.Little did I know that the spring/catch do n't work as well . They are more difficult to set , & so far , the bait is eaten but the trap does n't spring -LRB- on all 3 units -RRB- . The Victor brand works much better .
 I have a rat problem and have kept 3 Tomcat and 5 Victor Traps set repeatedly for 2 months . So far 21 with the Victor traps and ZERO with the Tomcat brand . The bait was gone or the trap was snapped and nothing in it . Tomcat is useless junk . Stick with the Victor brand
 Did not purchase due to the poor quality in pictures and the really poor description . Can not tell if it is battery operated with option for electric
 The railing bracket is made from good material . When we hang it on the railing however , the bottom of the bracket leaned down 45 degrees , so the box would fall out.I emailed customer service and never received an answer.I paid for the return freight plus a restocking charge.A very costly exercise .
 I have a metal rail on my balcony so it did n't fit and I bought four of them :-LRB- So dissapointed .
 the price of $ 2.89 for this item Arnold Bar & Chain Combo-16-inch 3/8-inch LP -57 Drive Link # 490-700-0045 is wrong i tryed to order this item for the said price and was sent a spark plug instead.Order was from Gradys online .
 After reading the other reviews , I thought this was going to be a super machine . For $ 600 this small tiller should have a few more features , such as reverse , a separate control for the tiller tines and free wheeling -LRB- It does have a `` rinky dink '' free wheeling system that requires lifting the wheels off the ground , pulling the lynch pin and then sliding the wheels in -- very inconvenient . -RRB- I found it to be really hard to use and required extra pushing to get it through my garden the first time . Maybe I expect too much out of a $ 600 machine , but I am really disapointed in its design and performance .
 this thermometer is great if u live in the tropics , . anything below 20 degrees f it just quits and is all blurry . p.o.s. currently it is minus 4 degrees , stupid thermometer says -- if only it was close to the temp . sorry i paid for it and never again
 I ordered this chlorine feeder it came in a huge box 30 inches long 20 inches wide 20 inches tall and in the box was the top only , the floating duck , there was no feeder tube to hold the chlorine tablets . also there was not any invoice or paper work . I called amazon expecting a solution -LRB- get me the feeder tube -RRB- but instead i have to send back the top for a refund and reorder it again . this is not what I expected from amazon customer service .
 Great product design , but only if used really cautiously , especially with children around , while windingYou can actually get your hand pinched really bad between the reel and frame , when the reel is winding under water pressure if you try to inadvertantly put your hand in to untangle or direct the pipe.The sink is working really weird for me - when I swing the lever to turn on the faucet , there is a spurt of water from the drain hole for some reason . Any tips on perhaps what I might be doing incorrectly ?
 This product is junk.The manufacturer sold to another co.When I called for warrentee help I got no responce.It has been ovwr a month since the purchase and I 'm stilltrying to get some help.I recomend not buying this product or any watered powered productfrom this co.Poorly made piece of plastic that leaks all over the place since day one .
 This is one of the few Amazon purchases I have been completely disappointed with . The product is very cheaply made , lightweight and with parts fabricated from very thin plastic that I do n't believe will hold up to any actual outdoor - or even indoor - usage . After putting it together , I realized that it had been oversold in the descriptions and reviews -LRB- written by company employees ? -RRB- on the Amazon site . So this is one that went back right away . If priced around $ 40 , with free shipping , it may be worth taking a chance on if you reeeely need something as irrelevant as this to replace the good ol' hose and bucket . But at $ 80-plus as a Gold Box ` deal , ' it was still way overpriced . At over $ 100 , it 's outrageously overpriced .
 The Yard Man wheeled string trimmer is a great product when it works properly . However , 10 minutes after I started the mower and began to cut grass , the belt came off . I put it back on but it would not stay on when the mower was engaged . I took it to a certified repair center and they would not repair it under warranty . I paid $ 20.00 twice to have the belt put back on the mower . Yard man customer service told me that I needed a part to fix the mower and after giving me the part number , told me to go back to the repair shop and tell them to order the part . They would not order under warranty because they told me Yard Man would not pay . I refused to pay to have it fixed because it is supposed to be under warranty . I have emailed Yard Man but did not get a response . I have other Yard Man products and have been very happy with them . I am unhappy with this purchase , but have been uanble to return the mower or get anyone to fix it for me . I 'm disappointed because I like to buy `` American made '' and I expect a merchant to stand behind their warranty . I have disputed this charge on my VISA because I have not other avenue . I would not recommend buying this product through Amazon.com .
 Awkward to use and easily broken . I damaged mine trying to get it to work and gave up on it . A string trimmer was easier to handle , faster and more durable .
 i ordered an item that did n't work for what i wanted it for . the desription of the item should have had more detail . I returned it and found out it cost almost as much to return as the item cost in the first place . i am still waiting for credit to my account for the shipping cost . how long should that take to show up ?
 The tool is manufactured to be replaced when the battery has to be replaced . On initial inquiries , local home centers will not repair it unless bought at their stores and under warranty . B&D charges $ 23 for the replacement battery and this does not include labor . If you understand its cheaper to get a new one instead of replacing the battery , then it 's a nice tool .
 The flag was of course very nice . I got it really fast but when I took it out one of the strings on top was broken :-LRB- I still have it but it 's hard to fix .
 Amazon has so monopolized the online buying market that the only way to get a $ 20 replacement blade is to buy one for $ 31 from the `` black '' market.These guys just cancelled my order today after waiting for 3 weeks .
 It arrived with one granite side cracked all the way across . The frame was not flush , so it could n't be put together properly and the hardware rusted after one breif rain .
 The first time it arrived with three of the granite pieces and the grate broken . We returned it and asked for a replacement . The second arrived with two of the granite pieces broken . Do n't waste your time ordering this !
 Although they do n't appear bent , they sit wonky or askew on my head . And no it 's not my ears . Also bought the tinted equivalent and they were fine .
 Due to the presence of chemicals at my job , contacts are prohibited . Unfortunately , you ca n't wear glasses under these at all . In addition , they are big and clunky , and do n't fit a woman well . The temples are too long and can not be adjusted . They slide down constantly . For a woman and with the application I needed them for , they were useless . I ended up giving them to my husband for use while he sprayed stain on our deck , so the spray-back would n't get in his eyes . He is much larger than me and also found them uncomfortable . Once he was done staining the deck he threw them out .
 Dewalt DPG54-1C Protector Clear High Performance Lightweight Protective Safety Glasses with Wraparound FrameTHIS IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME . I NEED SOMETHING TO PROTECT MY SENSITIVE EYES . IT DOES NOT FIT WELL FOR ME . I WILL JUST GIVE THIS TO MY HELPER . THE MSA BRANDS HAVE BETTER FIT . BUT THE SELLER IS VERY GOOD WITH THEIR SHIPPING .
 The glasses did not offer much protection but they looked good . These were to small for me . I let my son have them .
 This is the worst product I have ever ordered online !! When I recieved the product in the mail , it seemed the outside package had been opened and scuffed , which would not be a big deal except the glasses themselves had a huge scuff on them !! I dont know if I happen to be the unlucky one or misunderstood some of the fine print , but I was expecting an unused product .
 I bought these for my boyfriend to use b/c he does woodworking . All they do is fog up & then he ca n't see to saw . Very Dangerous ! Very disappointed , too .
 Even though they come in a protective package , both lenses are scuffed and scratched where the lenses begin to bend around the temples . I can not see the scrathes in my field of view , so I will still use them . For the price they are n't worth sending back . I 'm just really disappointed that a company like Dewalt cant make a package that will hold the glasses still and protected inside its own protective package . With this packaging , the glasses are allowed to just bounce around inside . On a good note , they are light and comfortable . I dont recommend these for shipping , buy them in a store where you can inspect them first . I hope that helps you .
 ... and the they bend way WAY too easily . Last time I purchase these again . And they hardly cover your face . Ridiculous .
 I bought these glasses for my husband to use in the factory he works at to protect his eyes . While they are comfortable to wear he found that he kept having to wipe the lenses off and eventually just took them off because they were getting foggy from his breathing normally . There is no reason for that to happen . The shop stays at about 60 degrees in the winter so the normal breathing action should not have caused this . Having to find different glasses for safety since these became more of a hazard in real life setting .
 I have to repurchase these annually since the connection stub where the tubing attaches to the stake breaks every year . There are n't a lot of other alternatives so I put up with the hassle of reordering them every year . If there were better alternatives , I would certainly switch products .
 This type is difficult to install and the flange often does not work and then you have a heater but no way to install .
 I have used this type of product for many years , never this brand . This one has doubled my electric bill and keeps the water at > 40F . It is not low profiled as advertised , and stays on much of the time , even when the temperature is > 45F I contacted the company and they were very uncooperative . I would highly discourage anyone from purchasing this product .
 yep , it kept our tub free of ice all winter , however , we discovered when we went to remove it , that it had over-heated to the point that it MELTED the joint with the extension cord and was permanently affixed to it . I would consider this a safety hazard , and wo n't be using this brand again.It was one of the more expensive water heaters to run . We will be going with the official Rubbermaid one this year since we have to replace this one . Quite a waste .
 I bought this as a replacement for the Farm Innovators Rubber Flat Back 5 gallon bucket . This element does not fit in the bucket , it is too long . I have bought replacement elements in the past that fit just fine ... but this one is made differently . The black part on the element is usually made so it slides through the bucket and just the element is left in the bucket . With this unit , the black part does not fit through the hole in the bucket , increasing the length of the element by nearly 2 inches which does not fit in the bottom of this bucket . It might be fine for a 50 or 100 gal stock tank , but it was advertised and sold as a ` universal ' replacement for the 5 gal bucket . Very disappointed .
 Unable to review as it arrived broken due to poor packaging . Another one was shipped and it was also broken . Amazon was expedient in crediting my account . Excellent customer service . Sorry it did n't work out . It was just what I was looking for for my deck .
 Ours arrived damaged . We did n't even remove the bubble wrap . It was poorly packed . It was wrapped in thin bubble wrap and placed in the box .
 the description size of 28x28x24 is incorrect , the actual size is 24x24x16 which is printed on the box . we found this to be to small for our use so returned it .
 i returned 2 of these products . the packaging was inadequate . both pieces came broken . i would love to have this product if the packaging was improved .
 Product inadequately packed to provide undamaged shipping . Returned first damaged fire pit and it was replaced by another damaged one . I do want to say that Amazon was great about the returns .
 dont waste your money on this nearly worthless item . also dont buy the main unit either . you will spend lots of time fixing , wondering , wasting seed , getting everything wet , and generally having a difficult time . and dont count on the company to be of any help . stay away from this one .
 They have not grown at all . I did everything the way I was supposed to and they have not grown . I planted immediately upon purchase .
 Chair works ok once you get into it , of course you have to sneak up on it , to get into it . Also chair does not lock once you are in it , so you have to balance yourself and you never quite feel like the position you are in is the position you will stay in . The upside is that once you are in the chair is awesome to sit in and gives no back pain after sitting in it for hours
 Why spend so much money on this chair when you can get a Caravan chair for 1/3 of the price . The Caravan gravity chairs last forever and they are an American company ... not a big fan of French made products or prices .
 These recliners are very confortable . However , if you leave them outdoors , the fabric will begin to disintigrate in about two years . Thecompany claims that these chairs should not be left outdoors all the time but should be sheltered from rain and sun when not in use . Why would you want to buy an outdoor recliner if you ca n't leave it outdoors during the summer . It is rediculous to have to bring it in everytime you are not sitting in it .
 Our dog got into this stuff and died a horrible death . Please dont use this stuff in your garden if you have pets or your neighbors do . Its highly toxic to animails as well and they only have to eat a small amount .
 This product uses metaldehyde as the active ingredient . This is toxic to pets and other wildlife . There are other products that kill slugs and not other living things . Even if you do n't have pets , or care about wildlife , this can kill other bugs that help your garden . Why use something toxic when you do n't have to ?
 This trimmer performs much like a gas powered trimmer -- at the cost of one , too . It is pretty good -- but pricey . Because is is so expensive , I can not say it is a `` 5 star '' value . It trims grass well .
 The Ryobi 150r battery-operated weed-whacker is , in itself , not a bad product , but after using it sparingly over the course of about 3 years , the battery died and resuscitation efforts were absolutely futile -LRB- mouth-to-mouth resulted in nary a shock -RRB- . Moreover , I have n't been able to locate a replacement battery - neither from -LSB- a local stor -RSB- , where I bought the 150r nor via the Ryobi website.I guess this is truly a disposable whacker .
 If you really do n't want to bother measuring replacement line before you refill your Ryobi line trimmer , this item is for you . It includes two sets of refills that will get you back to work in 5 minutes . But if you had an extra 5 minutes to measure out ten feet of line off of a bulk spool of trimmer line , you could save a lot of $ $ $ . I wo n't buy it again .
 This is only a package containing 120 feet of line , nothing to do with a speed spool .
 These spool lines are nice and round , and when used properly cut pretty good , too !
 I purchased this item along with the edger , and blower attachments . The upper drive shaft on the trimmer gets stripped very easlily , thus making all of your tool useless .
 I agree with everyone 's assessment that this trimmer is light , easy to load and can cut through moderately thick grass . However , I have had one problem with it . If the line gets jammed or if you do n't bump it to release more line fast enough , you have to unscrew the head to reload it ... try feeding two lines back into the head when you are hot , sweaty and tired ! I do n't know if Ryobi offers an accessory that solves this problem .
 This is n't a review of the trimmer ; it 's a complaint that the trimmer is unavailable anywhere . All the reports say it 's the best corded trimmer out there , but GOOD LUCK on finding one!Anyone have any ideas on how to get one ? If they 're so hard to get , Amazon should really take it out of their lineup . I ordered one three weeks ago -LRB- today is June 20 -RRB- and was told shipping `` may not be until June 28 to July 21 '' . What 's that mean ?? Sounds both vague and open-ended . No stars to Amazon for this one ... looks like by the time I get it we 'll be into the fall , and I wo n't need it then .
 WHen the line ISNT jammed this trimmer is great . Problem is it jams constantly and the bump knob is nearly impossible to get offfallowing you to get to the line .
 Brand new , the trimmer spool did n't release cord , so I decided to use it for a few minutes with the cord that was left before going inside to study the instructions . Bad idea . I got too close to some concrete steps and accidentally let the spool contact them . With a tool this powerful , watch out ! The spool and casing exploded into shrapnel . The spool is a spare part , but the housing is not . You have to send it back for service . My previous trimmer was a cheap Black and Decker , and I never had problems with the line feed and it seemed rather indestructible . It seems like a very powerful tool , possibly too powerful for its own good . The housing of the spool should be metal , and the drive shaft looks like it could be stripped easily .
 I have had this trimmer for several years . This is my second one . The trimmer is great EXCEPT for the fact that I have had to replace the trigger switch at least twice every season . This occured on my first and I thought perhaps it was just a lemon . The replacement switches last no longer than the original . I am sure Ryobi planned these to fail since most homeowners would just throw it away . Save yourself the agravation and spend your money on a brand who believes in quality throughout .
 The cartridge is easy to put on but I have problems with the dual strings retracting back inside the casting . They continued to go back in the cartridge and unwind . I have to keep taking the cartridge off and re-thread them . I do n't know if the cartridge or the Ryobi 825R 4-Cycle Curved Shaft TrimmerPlus is the problem .
 I received Ryobi product # 181460 . The corners of the ratchet on the original spool had been worn down , so the spool did not lock properly . The replacement spool is tooled -LRB- designed/manufactured -RRB- incorrectly , and demonstrates the same slipping as the original.My suggestion is that you not waste your time even ordering this spool and look for a complete replacement string trimmer . If Ryobi can not maintain quality standards well enough that the replacement of an wearing item does not meet specifications , you should not give them any of your money . Get a new string trimmer , or spend your time rehabilitating another . I 've spent too much time on this one to count . Go elsewhere .
 Avoid this product , unless you enjoy swearing ! I 've never had so much buyer 's remorse . I spend half my time taking the spool assembly apart because the string breaks off and disappears inside the casing . Ryobi makes fine engines but they screwed up royally with this spooler .
 When I received this order I couldnt believe my eyes the spool of line was completely un raveled from spool and I had to rewind it .
 Item came and look like it was a perfect match . A little trouble getting installed , but hey ! It 's an aftermarket replacement . At the end of the first use , it had already worn through , exposing the square nut inside . Within 2 weeks -LRB- 3 uses -RRB- that knob is one-third its original height , having worn the rest of it away . Product had a great price but does n't last for SQUAT !
 no problem getting speed spool bumper , it is not very tough , original lasted 12 years the one i received lasted 2 weed eatting jobs , had to order another one .
 I thought that buying original parts would save me from buying a new weed eater , but I was wrong . The part did not work as it just kept spooling off the nylon uncontrollably . I have to now consider buying a new machine .
 First of all , this part is not made by Ryobi , but it is an universal part used by other brands that have the quick change spool system . So it is not problem who makes the part.This part consists of three components - the knob , the spring and a foam ring . The only component that will break is the foam ring . The one that came with mine crumbed in my hand when I removed it from the bubble pack . It failed without actually being used ! So you paid $ 8 for the knot and spring which will last longer than the weed wacker itself . Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered 2 of these items August 12 , 2001 . It is now September 12 , 2001 , and we still have not received the order . Can the order be tracked ? We have called customer service . She stated that the item will reach us in two business days . That was September 8 , 2001 . We do n't have the order , but our account has been charged since August 16 , 2001 .
 this is listed for the 155r ryobi cordless but it is not . I ordered this and found out it is not the right one . Even the back of the box does not list the model 155 . Why does Amason still say it will fit ?????
 Amazon lists this item as fitting the Ryobi 155R . This is incorrect , as I bought one based on this item discription and it did not fit . Not worth the hassle to return , but annoying mistake by Amazon.com .
 Although it fits the Ryobi , the bolt is n't secured to the knob , so the assembly falls apart as you try to install it . I recommend trying another vendor .
 The bag on this thing broke after 3 months of use . The only place online that I can find that sells a replacement bag is in the UK ... and the bag runs about $ 48 US dollars - half the cost of the machine in the first place.Ya ... this machine sucks and blows . Literally . Do n't waste your money on this product . It will suck your pocket book dry .
 It 's early November in the Northwest and I still have another 3 weeks of leaves to blow and vac . Unfortunately my Ryobi RESV1300 mulching blower vac wo n't make it thanks to their defective zipper issue . It 's annoying , especially for the price I paid . Of course , it worked great last year .
 I will be the second reviewer to warn you not to buy the resv1300 blower/vacuum because the bag 's zipper-seams give out within a year . A new bag costs $ 35.00 . In order to salvage the first blower that was still working , I decided to get a second one so I could use its bag on my first one . Same thing . I now have two blower/vacuums and no bag to put on them in order to use the vacuum part . Shame on Ryobi . You have lost a customer for life .
 I got this about a year ago in an effort to quickly get rid of the itchy balls that were littering the lawn from an old huge sweetgum tree . It does n't mulch them but at least it quickly vacuums and deposits them into the bag , which so far has not ripped . For the first 9 months , it worked well and I could have given it 5 stars.This fall , an impeller fin broke and I had to order a replacement part , since trying to glue it back even with epoxy was futile . Last week , the left housing plastic broke -LRB- the section closest to the impeller -RRB- and the itchy balls were being thrown out at the same time that they were being vacuumed . I know it was n't designed to vacuum itchy balls but , hey , why not have the impeller and the housing constructed in sturdy metal ? I just ordered a left motor housing from Outdoor Distributors and I can tell the new impeller and housing are not going to last long from doing the same task . The tool is great for leaves and twigs but I definitely need a better tool to deal with the itchy balls . Any suggestions ?
 Be aware -- the electrical prongs do not hold the extension cord secure even when its wrapped around the plastic body hook . I still had to hold the cord while the blower was in use to keep it from slipping out . After using my new blower for only the second time , it burned a new extension cord and I broke one of the prongs trying to free the blower from the cord . Now the cord and the unit are useless , unless I can get Ryobi to make it good . Definately needs a better design . As a blower , works fine . Did n't use the mulcher feature , so ca n't comment on that .
 You must find some way to secure the extension cord . If it slips out slightly , it will melt your extension cord , cause smoking and burn out your machine . Just the movement of use can cause the cord connection to slip . Very dangerous .
 metal belt clip broke of its own . a 3 ' drop craked the blower nozzle . extremely noisy . will now purchase the toro ultra 225 and see if it 's better -LRB- got ta be -RRB- .
 DO N'T BUY THIS!I live in the city and have a small yard , about 2000 sq ft of grass . I have no trees but leaves blow in from the neighborhood and I have a few bushes . I thought that this would be the perfect tool to pick up and dispose of the leaves . And it does do a nice job at that . HOWEVER , the first time I used it the belt clip broke so I had to bend up a coat hanger to attach the strap . The 3rd time I use it the impeller broke and it started to vibrate so much that it could no longer be used . Ryobi does n't exchange these , so it 's off to the repair shop for several weeks for repair . Now I wonder how long it will last once I get it back ? UPDATE
 I found an online site to get bags at outdoordistributors.com . Better to call 1-877-70Parts and order to make sure you get the right connection shape . One bag costs $ 24.01 . We have had 2 bags break in the past 4 years . Very poorly constructed . Both the zipper and the actual bag material have broken .
 No reputable company could possibly have offered a product of such inferior quality and intended to live by its reputation ! On the second use , the plastic/aluminum clasp came apart and could not be fixed . The strap itself with its plastic adjustment is certainly worth far less than the $ 10.00 that I paid . It definitely should be padded , and I did not find it particularly effective in holding the trimmer at an appropriate angle . Wish I had read the other reviews before making my purchase !
 I 'm pretty sure I received this same strap FREE with an earlier Pyobi Stringtrimmer and after using it once , it has n't been used again . It needs to have some padding -LRB- it does n't -RRB- , should be easily adjustable -LRB- so so -RRB- , and should be included free with all newer 4-stroke trimmers due to their increased weight -LRB- they are n't -RRB- . I just was just not very impressed the quality of this accessory .
 Well , mine was included with my 875 . The clasp bent open the first time I picked it up . After dealing with that for a while , I just tied it on . So let 's just say you 'll probably want a shoulder strap , but use any old thing you 've got lying around before paying real money for this . It must be embarrassing working for Ryobi .
 As soon as I tightened the strap so it would support the weight of the trimmer , the swivel popped out of the housing . I reinserted it twice , but it immediately popped out . I want my money back !
 It was hard to attach and then not comfortable . I eventually threw the strap away and just carry the trimmer -LRB- which I love -RRB- . Do n't waste your money .
 I have a strap from a previous Ryobi and found it marginal at best and eventually decided not to work with it . It did not adjust easily and was unpadded . As good as Ryobi is at designing value into its products , you 'd think they would get the strap right . Frankly , I think it should be free with all stringtrimmers that they offer . Should I choose to purchase the Ryobi 825r , I may look around for an aftermarket replacement for the strap I have , since the 4-stroke 825r is reputed to be a little heavier than the 2-stroke I already have . So Ryobi ... are you willing to risk losing a potential customer for your normally excellent products by producing -LRB- and including free -RRB- an optional but chinzy accessory ?
 If you use your trimmer more than ten minutes at a time -LRB- not including the ten minutes you spent starting it -RRB- , you may find this strap helpful . Once I had it adjusted , I found it took a lot of strain off of my right arm . My model came with a newer clip and is as flimsy as anything . After one season of weekly use the clip bent open .
 My strap came with my Ryobi , and is not designed well . The clasping mechanism is simply not strong enough . The clasp seems to be made of aluminum , and bends when any pressure is placed against it . I find that a strap is useful in order to get leverage in cutting tree limbs , but avoid this one ... it just is not of any quality .
 The shoulder strap does not help much and seems to get in the way . It is always falling off my shoulder . It would have been nice if they designed a pad to fit a persons shoulder , like laptop cases have . I finally removed it .
 The only good thing to say about the Ryobi , is that the name is easy to spell . The product right out of the box did not operate correctly . When attempting to pull start the unit , there was a hard spot that preventing me from pulling the chord all the way at times . When you managed to get around this , the unit still did not want to start.Called customer service at Ryobi , was disconnected , disconnected while waiting , and finally waiting on hold for 25 minutes I was able to speak to a representative.All he told me , was if you bought it through Amazon , you could not return the unit . I should have gone to a Lowes and than I could have exchanged it.The planting season is right now and I have to wait three weeks for a dealership to get to it and who is to say that it will run correctly than.Do not buy Ryobi !
 I could not get it to start after the first time . Service center recommended that I return it and get a 2-cycle model instead . They said that the 2-cycle models have been far more reliable , and spare parts much cheaper .
 The order is incomplete . The wheels are missing!Since the packaging indicates that it was returned from someone else , I wondering if anything else is wrong in addition to missing parts .
 I ordered one of this item only with free shipping . I went into my account and found that I was being shipped two of the same item , one free and one with shipping charges . I tried until I was exhausted to contact Amazon.com about the error to now avale . When I tried to delete the item it stated it was already being shipped ? This was within 30 minutes of the time I placed the one order . I had received confirmation on the free shipment . And went in to see when it would be shipped and found they had me down for two ? There was not way I could cancel the incorrect order now I am being shipped and billed for those two . I defintely will protest the charges on my credit card as I did not order but one . Why would I order one with free shipping and one to pay shipping charges ? If I had of wanted two I would have asked for two in the quality information . Not order two of the same things , sent to the same addres , at the same time ? This makes absolutely no sense . I defintely think Amazon.com should put a link on its website that they can be reached for cancellations instead of just orders.This seems to be the only way of contacting them ? I rated it a one star , but have n't recevied it as I only ordered it this morning .
 I used my Ryobi Cultivator for 15 minutes when the tines seized up ...
 The ryobi 510R 4-cycle yard & Garden Cultivator did not work for me . I started the tiller and it ran for about 5 minutes and it locked up and would not run . The local authorized service dealer repaired it but it took over a month to get parts.Then I tried it again and it ran maybe 10 minutes this time before it locked up again , same as before.Now its in the shop again and the dealer says he ordered the parts 3 months ago and has not receive the parts as of today.So I do n't rate this tiller at all.You have heard about the LEMON , well I got one . the number to contact Ryobi is a joke , you never talk to anyone before they disconnect .
 I just received the ant baits and as noted by another customer , there are only four baits . It is also packaged differently from what is advertised so I am skeptical if this is the same product that others have raved about . I will try product and follow-up with another review .
 Hmmm ... the package I got had only four traps in it , not the advertised six . Will see how they work .
 First of all you need to carry a giant wrench along if you want to open the knob to wind new string on it . No way you can do that with your fingers alone ! Second it has not two chambers
 I purchased this tractor cover not only to protect against bird droppings , etc. but to keep dry . Shortly after receiving it , we had several days of rain . With the covered tractor parked under a deck supplying limited protection from rain -LRB- spaces between the flooring will permit rain to drip through -RRB- , the tractor seat was pooled with water each time I checked . The cover fit snugly enough , but at this cost , it should be fully waterproof .
 The day i got it i put it on my lawn tractor . It rained that night . A couple days later i took the cover off and there was a big puddle of water in the seat.I do not recommend this cover .
 Classic Accesories Deluxe Tractor Cover - Black . It says it is weather proof , but after the first rain my seat was still full of water . For the price paid it 's a major disappointment . Signed , Still All wet !
 `` Weather Resistant '' does not translate to waterproof and this one is n't - waterproof , that is . Each time it rains , the seat gets a puddle of water on it.There 's a bit of a slump between the steering wheel and the top of the seat back and i 'm guessing that allows the rain to pool a bit and then leak through.As a general cover , it 's fine and i ca n't complain about that . the material is pretty heavyweight.I suppose i could get a garden shed and store the tractor in it , but putting up a three thousand dollar shed to protect a 1500 dollar tractor just does n't seem right .
 I have the exact same problem as noted by another reviewer . When it rains , water leaks through the top seam and my tractor seat is full of water . Most other areas under the cover are dry . Also similar to the other reviewer , I keep my tractor under a deck , so it only get dripped on and is not exposed to the full amount or force of the rain . Now we will see how well Amazon or the cover manufacturer backs up their products and supports their customers . I am going to try to exchange this cover for a new one . I bought it about 2.5 months ago , but it leaked from the day I got it . Now the leak is substantial . If they back me up , I will stay an Amazon customer . If they do n't , then I will no longer order from Amazon or Amazon suppliers . I expect suppliers and manufacturers to stand behind their products . I would not buy this cover again nor recommend it . It is the source of wasted time and wet pants . Let 's hope I can get a replacement that works properly . Otherwise it is about sixty dollars and two hours of my time down the drain .
 If I could rate this -1 I would . The cover is n't waterproof , the materials and workmanship are terrible . The cover is falling apart after 3 months . Not what you would expect for an item that costs $ 60 - $ 70 . I buy a lot of stuff from Amazon and this is the worst item I 've ever purchased . If there was some way to return it I would . Do n't buy this item even at 10 % of what is being charged .
 I ordered my product May 15 , 2004 and was to ship between 1-2 weeks . It is now June 7 , 2004 and it has n't even shipped yet . THis is for a weed trimmer battery . How am I suppose to get my trimming done this spring and summer ?? This needs to ship now and I should receive a refund on the shipping costs . It also needs to ship Express Air Pre-paid !!
 Roybi put a spacer around terminals that makes you think the battery is `` special '' , but any 12-V 7.0 amp , -LRB- or 7.2 amp -RRB- will fit & work perfectly ! They are available online and most any local battery store , like BatteriesPlus . Expect to pay anywhere from fourteen to twenty-five buckos !
 I just tried to order this patr directly from ryobi # 8003458746 . I was told that it is a special order item only now and is $ 50.00 . this is very upsetting that a battery would cost about 50 % of what I paid for the product about two years ago . I also find it very irresponsible of ryobi to let it 's customers -LRB- former -RRB- down in this way . I am writting a letter to them expressing my discontent in this matter . I would suggest that anyone who is the same situation do the same . Our $ 100.00 plus tool has become garbage as far as I am concerned . I am going to take my $ 50.00 and by a trimmer that will be supported by its manufacturer .
 I assume no liability for this suggestion . The Douglas -LRB- ... -RRB- 12-7-f battery will fit in the case and is a 12v 7AH lead acid sealed battery , and is cheaper .
 This item is impossable to get ! Ryobi does not retail it in any stores that I have found , and I have tried twice to order it through Amazon only to have it cacled by them because `` it is not available from any of our sources at this time '' . So why do I see it all over the internet ? I have wasted 3 months trying to purchase it . I do n't know who is more at fault Ryobi or Amazon . I do know I will not be doing business with either again .
 I PLACED AN ORDER FOR THE BATTERY/CHARGER MAY 18TH . AS OF JUNE 16th I STILL HAVE'NT GOTTEN IT . I NOTICED NOW THE ORDER DOES ` NT HAVE THE BAT/CHARGER ON IT . IT WAS LISTED AT 24.99 AT TIME OF ORDER NOW IT 'S 34.99 . I 'M PRETY UPSET OBOUT THE WAY AMAZON HANDLED MY ORDER !!
 I was going to purchase a Ryobi edger until I found that no accessories , such as batteries were sold in the store . If I ever needed a new battery I would not be able to buy one without sending away for it through the mail . Ryobi should support the equipmet they sell in the stores .
 Same comment as Cindy . This has been on order since May 15 , and now shows `` not available '' . So what are we supposed to do ??
 This umbrella is cheap , tall and ungly . Its made of hollow brown plastic that I think is supposed to look like wood with gold-colored metal at the center joint . It is way too tall for my standard sized patio table and the color of the umbrella part is ivory rather than natural . Overall , very dissatisfied and I would try to return but it is not an easy thing to send back .
 Luckily I only wanted an inexpensive Market Umbrella to keep me dry while grilling in the rain , and that 's exactly what I got ; CHEAP . The Polyester umbrella is very thin and the pole is really cheap looking and in my case , had a slight bend near the bottom . Here again , I was lucky because the pole was too tall so I had to saw part of it off and that pretty much eliminated the bent portion . I really did n't expect it to be this cheap though , but the bottom line is
 I have been buying from Amazon for a number of years and have always been pleased , thrilled even with the results ... until now ! I can not believe this is the same umbrella mentioned in the glowing reviews . The umbrella is made of cheap see through polyester not durable polyester canvas as stated in the description . The pole was faded and poorly painted . Even the fabric was tearing out of the box because of poor stitching . All in all an umbrella that I could buy at the local CVS for $ 25.00 or less . DO not expect more . I returned mine immediately .
 Came broken with a bent bottom leg . Contacted company -LRB- at Amazon 's insistance -RRB- twice with no response at all from Company . I would not buy another thing from BOND located in the San Francisco Bay area !!!
 You really ca n't expect much from a $ 45 umbrella , when the higher quality umbrellas are selling for $ 100 - $ 200 . Mine arrived with one broken rib -LRB- out of eight -RRB- , so I have one droopy point -- I guess I can live with that . Ca n't wait to see what happens when we have high winds ; if I were wise , I would take it down at the first sign of a strong wind . I gave it two stars only because of the price .
 Within one hour of using the first time two wood arms cracked when the umbrella was hit with a gentle breeze . We were having a party at the time and were using 8 other umbrellas and they were not affected by the breeze . I do n't know what wood they used to make these , but apparently it is not very strong . If only one arm had broken I would have thought it just had a weak spot . But when two broke , I can only think one thing ... this umbrella is junk . Perhaps they were cracked in transit and I did n't realize it until using the umbrella , but I would still have to wonder about the quality of the wood .
 This was second umbrella purchased . First one arrived with a broken support rib . Overall appearance was nice & price low so I re-ordered . One of the umbrella support ribs broke during second night of use ! There was no severe wind or weather condition . Suspect it may have been a weak or defective fabrication issue . Either cheap material -LRB- wood -RRB- or just a bad design . Thank goodness Amazon makes exchanges/returns easy !
 I have used the 890r for three years , primarily as a medium duty string trimmer but also in its designed-for use as a brushcutter . Though properly maintained , the design and construction of this unit are so poor that its service life is severely limited . Early on , it became apparent that the bump head , because of frequent internal jamming , will not feed string reliably and the user is forced to repeatedly remove it to manually extend string . This is pure frustration . Later , more serious defects became obvious . The thin shaft does not hold up under the stresses of vibration encountered in normal use , causing the mounting screws of the Quick-Link coupling to strip their holes . Similarly , the anti-rotation screw which mounts the shaft to the motor housing also stripped loose . Aside from the obvious safety issues -LRB- remember that these heads are rotating at very high speed -RRB- the owner is faced with either replacing the affected parts -LRB- economically absurd -RRB- or attempting to tap out larger diameter holes and trying to locate replacement machine screws of the appropriate depth . More minor complaints would include
 I was drawn to the attachemets first off . My first purchase was a 2 cycle but after the first season it never ran well . I upgraded to a 990r and was pleased at the power , the 4 cycle aspect and all the attachements fit . The second season it would only run with the choke at half and rough at that . I have replaced the Carb once and this year spent three hours with it to get it running constantly then after 5 min of use the trigger broke . It probably needs a new carb again , not pleased with the quality but like the concept .
 I bought one - and always had trouble with it . It would run fine for say 10 minutes , then it would just stall repeatedly for say another 10 minutes , then run fine for a liitle while . The shaft broke within a year - the authorized repair center in Albuquerque would n't repair it as they said it looked like it had been abused . ... and I got another one . Same problems operating it . I 'm going to go back to a 2 stroke engine . My previous 2 stroke Ryobi lasted about 6-7 years before the clutch broke - but there were no operating problems .
 Ryobi is a moderate price trimmer compared to other brands . The unit has a lot of power and is easy to use . But the equipment has a lot of negatives . Ryobi products are hard to start and the reliability of the product drops rapidly as time passes . Replacement parts are high . The tap feeder works OK but rewinding and replacing line can be difficult . ... Virtually all the Ryobi trimmers received poor marks . I will never buy another Ryobi product .
 Bought an 890R from the local home center several years back ... and had to return it within 3 days . . -LSB- bad carb -RSB- . the next one -LSB- although it ran -RSB- lasted 1 week before the auto feed spool broke . . took it to my neighborhood lawnmower shop to have manual feed spool installed ... and while there found the holy grail of string trimmers ... the one and one half horse power Honda ... traded in the less than one hp ryobi on the spot and have had zero problems since ... the Honda costs more but is well worth it .
 My 890R brush cutter was never worth the money . It never idled and after 2 seasons in standard homeowner usage it leaks oil out the main bearing like crazy . I can not force myself to buy another due to the fact that so many people are unhappy with it . A service center told me that no one wants to fix the things cause they are difficult to take apart and the cost to fix is close to that of a new one , so why bother.Is a $ 200.00 item a throw away after 2.5 years ?
 GOOD FOR LIGHT WEED-WACKING . WITHIN 1ST 6 MONTHS OF USING , HAD CARB VALVE GO BAD & PROP SHAFT BREAK - FINDING REPLACEMENT PARTS FOR D.I.Y 'S COULD BE MADE EASIER . DO NOT PURCHASE IF LOOKING FOR HEAVY DUTY / BRUSH WACKER
 I bought my ryobi 4c trimmer spring 2000 with all the attachments , thinking I am doing a right thing , nothing worked right . Tried it 3 or 4 times returned at the stores and bought a new one . The time I returned it they said I filled a wrong gas . replaced with a new one , this time used premium gas still the same problem . Engine will not start . If it runs it runs for few minutes . You will waste your time in reading the instruction manual page by page you wo n't get any answer . Do n't waste your money and time on this junk .
 I bought my ryobi 2 seasons ago . It has ran well with the exception of 1 time , after I let a neighbor borrow it . It ran bad when I got it back and they had used dirty gas . I fixed it myself by spraying the carb out . I have never had a problem with the motor or power , other than what is mentioned above . At the end of this last season however , I did manage to break the upper flexible driveshaft trimming some light grass in a fence row -LRB- done every 2-3 weeks -RRB- . I never would have expected this from a `` brush cutter . `` Ryobi 's website is not much help , they do have manuals and parts diagrams pdfs to download . 2 out of the 5 service centers -LRB- listed on the site -RRB- I have taken it to for repair do not even service them . The motor still runs good , so I will look into fixing the shaft myself as I get time , but I wish I had gone with Stihl . My father-in-law had a ryobi and several of the attachments so that is why I looked at this model . He has since bought a stihl as a replacement .
 It 's been just over a year since I flushed the $ 200 for this trimmer . While the concept is great , the engine itself is garbage . I 've had it in the shop several times , and now it sits in my driveway , dead and gone.It seems the metal guide for the starter cord was n't really meant to stay in place , although when it falls out -LRB- constantly ! -RRB- , the whole thing gets jammed up.The engine itself is n't really designed to , uh , run . It 's mean to give your arm some wonderful excercise , so from one side you look like our new governer -LRB- CA -RRB- . If , by some wild chance , it does actually start , it produces some serious brute power ... for about 3 seconds , then it dies.My favorate is when the metal guide stays in place for a few seconds , the engine starts , and , Behold , runs nice and steady . By the time you get the strap -LRB- had to buy a real one , as the included one is worthless -RRB- over your shoulder , race to the area you plan to work on , and pull the trigger ... power dips , the engine sputters once or twice , and silence . Time to start over again ! WeeeSave your money and buy something else !
 The concept got me too . Unfortunately , the product failed to fulfill the promise . It was difficult to start from day one , a guaranteed blister every time . I mean , I have had some genuine moments trying to get this thing started , let 's just leave it at that . Once it finally was warmed up and would stay running , it was good . I used it on some serious weeds . The brush cutter was nice for the thicker stuff . I also own the blower/vac and hedge trimmer accessories . I do n't know if they work as well as a stand-alone version would , but they work well enough and it 's worth it for the convenience.I was able to use it for two seasons -LRB- an event to start everytime -RRB- , but now the engine is running poorly . Like others have said , good concept needs better motor .
 I am writing a review for a 990 Brushcutter not a 890 . When I bought this big hunk of junk I thought I was getting a trimmer that would help me out in my yard . Unfortunately , I have only been able to use it a couple of times due to I dont know what or why but this beast does not like to start up and accelerate . If you are lucky enough to get it to start , as soon as you give it some throttle , it goes blahhhhhh ... I have had a couple of people look at it whom I know to have lots of engine experience that have not been able to do much . Customer service is the pitts , and if you want something to cut some weeds down in your yard , dont buy a Ryobi . PURE GARBAGE !!
 This model was great for the first several uses . However , the trigger broke and the warranty service was soooooo painful to deal with . In addition , this model only lasted me 2.5 years until it failed to start . I am an average homeowner who uses this on weekends . I have several attachments for it so it 's used for edging and blowing.In general , I recommend the 4 cycles . I DO NOT recommend this unit .
 The Motor on the 890R is pretty good . My problem is the dang thing is so heavy . My right arm hurts for days after weedeating . If it was lighter in weight , this would be a lot better product . The motor will jerk a knot in your shoulder sometimes while cranking .
 Motor failed just out of warranty ; fix cost over $ 400 . Flimsy parts , tabs that break easily . Cleans pool , but you 'll find sediment back on the bottom within an hour . Save your money and go with a cheap cleaner ; results likely to be the same .
 Learned through experience that Ryobi 's trimmer is just not rugged enough to handle an edger attachment . The cable broke soon after I bought the attachment . I bought another weed wacker and will buy an edger separately .
 I received it and I ground a cutting edge on the blade . Then , I started edging and I found that the Ryobi engine was bogged down by the work of the edger . I kept the throttle wide open as I edged but the edger could not cut very well . I actually twisted off the upper shaft in less than 10 minutes of edging . -LRB- The edger slowed down the driven rpm 's , but the engine speed was up . -RRB- So , the Ryobi is great for a string trimmer or a blower , but NOT for use with the edger .
 I had owned a Ryobi gas string trimmer with the ability to add on other tools previously . Went to Home Depot and again purchased a Ryobi gas trimmer to replace an older one but found that Ryobi was out of the accessory business and the only edger available was the Expand-It by Homelite.This tool in no way compares to the Ryobi I owned previously . It has a curved shaft that makes it too short for a 6 ' tall or taller person to use and the curve makes its use awkward at best . I find that my wrists ache after each usage and since I have to stoop , my back hurts also.In half of one season I wore the 9 '' blade down to 5 inches and when I returned to HomeDepot for a replacement I learned that they dont carry the replacement parts.Do yourself a favor and buy something else . I have a couple of weeks left to mow and edge and my Ryobi becomes a full time string trimmer and Im going to buy something quality to edge with .
 I am disappointed in the performance of this edger . It simply is just not very good . Conceptually , it is nice , but in reality it has quite a few problems . For starters , it has what can best be described as a `` rudder '' that is supposed to travel between the pavement and the grass . Unfortunately this extends way past the wheel and it just basically digs itself in , unless you set the blade depth as deep as it can go -LRB- which is difficult for such a small engine -RRB- . I removed the original small wheel and installed a larger wheel just to get this `` rudder '' thing up a little . The second problem is that it has a `` fender '' to prevent stuff from being thrown around . Unfortunately , on thick St. Augustine grass , it hangs up and makes it impossible to advance smoothly and in a straight line.All in all , this was a huge disappointment . I really like the Ryobi string trimmer . I 've been very impressed with it and its design , but do n't waste your money on this edger attachment . BUY SOMETHING ELSE !
 I am on my third Powerhead for this attachment . I just dont think it has enough power for the job . Th cable that turns the attachment ends up breaking . I think it works fine as a trimmer but if your going to do a fair ammount of edging save your money and buy a dedicated edging machine .
 Impressed with the performance of my Ryobi 725r line trimmer , I turned my attention to the unkempt lawn edges that were decidedly unsightly.I was aware of an add-on edger attachment for the the Ryobi line-trimmer , and I proceeded to read the available reviews -LRB- favorable -RRB- and find one at ` the right price ' . It lacked the ` wow ' factor in the flesh , but looked competently produced , and the promise of power edging over a manual chore was decidedly at the forefront of my mind ! So , very much looking forward to tidying up the appearance of my lawns , I proceeded to use the Ryobi edger attachment on the line trimmer.WHAT A DISAPPOINTMENT ! No matter how the depth setting is adjusted , it just ` beds in ' in the one spot , or ` rides up ' over the grass it 's supposed to be cutting!Not quite believing that it could REALLY be this useless , I made several attempts to ` master ' the technique , but to no avail.It seems necessary to have to use a cheap edger to do the ` donkey ' work , and use the expensive , power assisted Ryobi edger to periodically trim a few unkempt strands that may develop!The only POSSIBLE thing that I can think of is that the Ryobi edger unit available in this neck of the woods is called ` RLE 1100A ' -LRB- made in the ` States ! -RRB- . It looks EXACTLY the same as the ` LE-720r ' EXCEPT that it has a solid , smaller guide wheel , whereas the LE-720r version has a larger guide wheel with a tyre!I really am very disappointed in the non-performance , and I 'd say do n't waste your money on this useless add-on !
 This edger might be useful for a tiny townhouse patio , but if you have more than 10 feet of edging to do , look to a dedicated edging unit and not this substandard add-on . The trimmer itself is a great unit and I have no complaints -- but the edger add-on only has one guide wheel which makes it difficult to cut a straight line . The power is also insufficient to chew through grass and dirt if you 've waited more than a week from your last edging . Spend your edging dollars elsewhere ...
 I purchased the Ryobi Lawn Eddger for my Ryobi trimmer . On my second use , the Lawn Edger became stuck to the trimmer body.I tried 4 different local `` Authorized Ryobi '' service centers . None will accept a Ryobi trimmer in for `` warranty repair '' . For the past 2 weeks , the only message I have been able to get on the `` Ryobi 1-800 number '' has been `` Due to heavy call volume ... we request that you call back later '' . Even the Ryobi web page is most of the time out of service or extremely slow.I would never consider buying any Ryobi -LRB- or products from the same family -RRB- .
 Mine would n't work , the pruner shaft tube was a bit too long to work when attached to the extension ; I disassembled it and cut it down 1/2 '' shorter and it worked good after that .
 The trimmer works well but it 's not the one that I ordered . I 'm only given it two stars because the seller knew what they were doing . They advertise one product but sent a knock-off in it 's place just becareful and make sure you check your product before you use it.I was unsuccessful in trying to reach the seller do not purchase from this seller .
 I bought an entire 725R unit in early summer 1998 . The trimmer attachment and the 2 cycle motor drive unit are not robust . I have to buy a replacement add on now as the shaft in the trimmer add-on broke . Had to get a new shaft in the upper portion as well . cost 82 bucks to fix the upper , another 50 bucks for a replacement add on shaft for the trimmer . I could have bought another brand new unit from another manufacturer for what it has cost me so far . Unfortunately , I bought all the other attachments like the blower , edger , thinking I was getting a superior quality `` system '' . So I am sort of locked into keeping this pig running . The blower attachment works ok , the edger is not user friendly as the wheel height settings never stay where you lock them in . Unless Ryobi does something exceptional to make me happy , I will not buy another one of their products .
 Purchased the 725r with the trimmer plus straight shaft attachment . Really liked the speed spool feature . The gear box is very weak , broke mine in the first month . Bought a replacement straight shaft attachment and that one lasted only two weeks . ROYBI will not even return my call let alone replace the broken unit . Do n't even waste your time on this model .
 I also bought the Ryobi system components and am just as displeased as the other reviewers . My advice would be to avoid this product and buy a quality trimmer that lasts longer than the warranty .
 I would not buy a Ryobi product again . The gearbox stripped out so it 's useless . The strings get jammed in the string head . The junk lasted 11/2 seasons .
 i have been using ryobi for two years . Everything was great until all of my attachements got stollen . i purchased the ss725r and found out it is nothing but a waste of money . the brush cutter attachement does not work on it and it spins in the reverse of my old straight shaft making very hard to control .
 Line feeder never worked . Drive shaft failed in 1 year of light use .
 The sucking sound I refer to , is the money coming out of my wallet to maintain this POS.Weak links in this design are the gear box at cutter head and flexible drive shaft . I have had to replace the gear set two times , the upper flexi-shaft once and the lower flexi-shaft two times . VERY DISAPPOINTED .
 engine great . starts and runs well . I got a couple of good years use from the string head , then wear caused a problem where the string would all release at once making a snarl at the head and being unusable with any decent lenght line.I have just purchased spare parts -LRB- $ 70 -RRB- and am disgusted as with replacement spool and bump head , it still acted up on the first usage.I think there is slight wear on the ratchet mechanism and it angles to release the spool all the way instead of catching when bumped . I do n't want to buy an entire replacement head unit , I also do n't want to waste valuable tine on a dffcult to work on unit.The Ryobi did n't last long enough to be a god buy . My old IDC unit lasted for years and accommodated thicker line to boot . Do n't bother with line less than 0.095 as it disappears too fast .
 I had owned the previous version for 4 years and when it became worn I chose to replace it.The new revised and redesigned version just does not work . I plan to dump the entire unit and buy a new trimmer.It will not be a Ryobi .
 I really liked the Ryobi operation while it lasted - the upper drive-shaft twisted off after about 30-40 hours . I replaced it and after a day 's use the gear-box ground to a halt ! I now have a nice parts department in my garage and have ordered more . Next time I get a new one it will be an Echo .
 I bought this trimer 6mos ago and now it wo n't start i need a book on it to find out where things are on it . Taying to find the gas filter .
 I purchased the Troy-Bilt version of this -LRB- both Troy-Bilt and Ryobi are manufactured by MTD -RRB- Trimmer-Plus gizmo - looked good . The gear box gears -LRB- which allows for the ` straight-shaft ' -RRB- lost their teeth after about 2 months of light use . Came in here to see what a new ` trimmer attachment ' cost since I hate to lose the whole thing - excellent and reliable engine .
 I bought this snow thrower and used it once . The poorly designed plastic auger broke within the first hour of using it . I would not waste my money on this product . I would recommend buying a regular snow thrower .
 Ryobi service
 Purchased the HS720R to trim of the high hedge that surrounds my property . Its not capable of doing the job effeciently ... it is easier to climb the step ladder and wack the scrubs with my Echo single sided trimmer.The HS720R will cut , but mine requires that you go back n ' forth several times to make the necessary cut , while the Echo takes just one pass.Also , the length , combined with the power head is kind of clumsy to work with .
 The product that was sent was what I was wanting to use . The problem was that the construction of this add-on was not the same as the add-on that I was replacing . The new equip would not correctly attach to my drive mechanism so I had to completely disassemble the old add-on , using the drive assembly from it in place of the portion of the new addon that would n't correctly align with my power unit .
 This probably does not reflect all the seeds offered by this company but the boxwood seed I received were not viable . Many of the seed coats were already peeling where I received them . I bought 4 packets -LRB- 40 seeds each -RRB- . One I attempted to germinate right away . The other I planted directly in soil , the other 2 I cold stratified for a month and then tried to germinate . Not one seed germinated . Perhaps the seeds were not harvested properly as the seed coats could be seen peeling off many of the seeds .
 I was really hoping that this would be exceptionally sharp , but it was n't . It cut through the vegies ok , but still lagged a bit . I think I will go the less expensive route the next time and send my current one away for sharpening . It is a lot less expensive even with shipping .
 This was definitely not white . I was really disappointed that it did n't match my juicer . It was more of an almond or gray color ! It might not matter to some people but it did to me . It did say in the description white and that is what I was expecting .
 I gave this to my son for Christmas . He wanted to put a review on Amazon . These are his words
 this was a waste , it did n't find a quarter in our lawn when we tested it.but it did find our car from about an inch away .
 The cord ran out so fast that I could not believe it . When I took the item out of the weed whacker , I noticed that the center of where the cord was wrapped around seemed larger . I did not save the old one to compare , but it sure looked deceptive to me .
 I ordered six of these spools the price was good and the first one so far was a disappointment . The thread for some reason was fused together throughout the spool . I had to unwind the entire spool using a utility knife to break away the fused portions . If the price is too good to be true beware . I am afraid to try the next 5 . I bought others previously on amazon with no problems , paid full price . These work but you have to put in some work to get them to work .
 You 'll need a few spare spools because you 'll go through the line quickly . I 've found that if I hit anything that is n't grass - rocks , sprinkler heads , plastic edging - the line will break and you 'll have to `` bump '' out a few more inches .
 I still had to hire a lawn service . I hae never used it since . I am tired of 5 more words
 You can find the same exact product at various hardware stores , etc. for half the price and no shipping .
 Just buy a roll of string from the hardware store . Very simple to re-wrap the spool .
 The spool is way over priced at any Web site that I checked . It runs out of string really fast -LRB- I had to change it 3 times while trimming around my small .11 acre lawn -RRB- . I finally found the correct size string so I can replace it in the spool without having to buy a whole new spool . I will see how that goes .
 it 's mid-june and i 've burned through the same amount of string i used last year . except last year , it was october . last year I bought all B&D bump feed trimmer string from amazon . this year 1 pkg i used was from amazon , and the rest through my local lowe 's . i 'm buying 1 last one from amazon to compare spool centers to determine who is ripping me off . as one reviewer already pointed out , it 's possible the spool centers are larger . however , i also think B & D is providing less string .
 The description of this blade says that it fits `` CMM1200 '' lawn mowers . This is n't completely true.There are three different models of the CMM1200
 As has been stated in an earlier review , this blade , despite the photo , is a mulching blade virtually identical in shape to the original blade on my Black & Decker CMM-1000 mower -LRB- with a round , not diamond-shaped shaft hole and blade ends curved below the main shaft -RRB- . However , the finish is pretty rough - it almost seems as if it was a refurbished blade , though I do n't think it is -LRB- not completely sure , though ! -RRB- . Most disappointing is the fact that it was unbalanced worse than my original blade -LRB- which is why I was trying to find a new one -RRB- . It had two bright grind marks where it looks as if the attempt was made to balance it , but it was n't by a long shot . Fortunately I had figured out how to balance the original one -LRB- balancing it by laying it across a round screwdriver shaft , instead of putting the screwdriver through the shaft hole -RRB- , so I 'm still using the original , and the replacement is waiting for a balance job .
 What the other reviewers fail to mention , maybe because they failed to try , is that the AFS on the trimmer continues to work flawlessly with hand wound string , and at less than 1/4 the cost it 's seems like a huge waste to buy the pre-wound spools . It only takes 2 minutes to rewind a spool , so even when I do run out in the middle of a job , I just look at it as a 2-minute break from yard work . Of course , if your one and only concern is convenience , you may be looking at the right product . Be aware , if you 've had trouble with rewinding trimmers in the past , it may be because you 're using old line , which tends to get brittle over time . Buy some new line and try again . If you buy the three-pack of spools three times , you just paid for your trimmer again.Thanks for reading , Adamps . Two stars for effort , but the cost is just ridiculous .
 Spending 15 plus bucks on this is not worth it . You could instead get the nylon cord at homedepot or lowes and roll it up yourself.People have tried it with various levels of success/failure but it does work for sure .
 do n't buy into any of these reviews . the replacement string jams EVERY TIME you replace the roll . EVERY TIME . No exceptions . Let no one tell you differently . 3 minutes into a roll , and the string is unraveled in the casement . You take the roll out , re-wrap it , jams again . I 've easily spent 50 % more than I should have on replacement string because I have to throw away the jammed ones and start anew .
 This stuff sticks to itself and jambs up the weed wacker every 30 seconds , you would be much better off finding some quality string and winding your own spools .
 Incorrect item . The spools were supposed to be the double stringed ones for a newer grass hog edger .
 It seems kind of chinzy for $ 100 , I doubt it will last very long . It does an OK job on the light weeds . The battery does n't last very long , so it is a good thing it came with 2 . They take a long time to charge .
 Very disappointing . Battery life is 15-20 minutes , very little power . Do n't even think about using this on tough weeds ; it barely cuts grass . And two weeks after some occasional use , the line cutter flew off , hitting my shin before it disappeared . There does n't seem to be a replacement part available . Avoid this product .
 Image on site appeared to indicate that this would fit the ST-5000 model electric trimmer ; that 's not the case.Return procedure surprisingly manageable , though , assuming that the credit shows up on my credit-card statement .
 I 'm not very happy with this product . The way the line is wound around the spool for some reason it will not advance automatically . I have to continuously remove the spool cover and physically advance the line by hand .
 These refills were poorly wound and constantly had to be manually unwound in order to use them . A huge hassle
 I purchased this to be used with a Black & Decker string trimmer only to have it die before I could use . Unfortunately , the spools are an 1/8 &#34; too thick to work on my Weedeater . One consolation is that I can unwind the string and rewind on the weeder eater spool . This is time consuming , but at least I have been able to use the sting .
 Why does n't B@D make a spool with a thicker cord . This stuff is the worst . I go a spool every 2 times I weedeat . Cost is $ 18 at my local Lowes for this product . Its very costly .
 This is the first time I have purchased these replacement spools not at Home Depot or Menards , and I tell you , this will be the last ! Each spool seems to be all sticky and do not advance as they should . I am constantly taking the trimmer apart to unravel the spool , then it gets stuck again . When I try to go it manually , the string seems to stick together . They were in B & D packaging , but they seem to be a generic replacement or something .
 These replacement spools are extremely difficult to find . One would think that being a B&D product it would be everywhere . I checked every hardware store , walmart , kmart , the military stores -LRB- AAFES-I 'm retired Army -RRB- , farm stores and even bugged my neighbors . No doubt , I regret the purchase of the trimmer . However , I am sticking with it to avoid spending money on a different one . Plus , the strings are way too short .
 I bought this replacement spool from Amazon because Wally World did n't carry it anymore for the weedwhacker I bought from them . I had already bought the replacement recommended on the box before which let out all the line in no time causing a nasty wrap-up in the motor . When I got this one it did the same thing . I would n't buy another automatic garbage weedwhacker ever .
 just ordered a 3-spool line pkg for $ 20 -- then the S&H ; fee is $ 10 !!!!! $ 10 !!!!!! what a deal!it is hard to believe that anyone over 13 years of age would fall for this!oh well ... j. geary
 the trimmer came . as soon as I used it stopped working . it got in fire . I returned the merchandise but I lost shipping . why ? not my fault it did not work . very very veryt poor transaction .
 Very cheaply made product , it is not showing the temp . right at all . If you like a photo of a roaster in your backyard , then get one these thing !
 Disappointed so far . Smoker arrived with a broken door hinge which so far has prevented assembly . Company was slow to recognize and accept problem -LRB- infinite regression voice mail system -RRB- and then finally sent replacement part via slowest possible shipping mode . New door has yet to arrive . Thus , over a month after purchase we have not yet assembled and used what should be a dynamite product .
 It works , but it 's a little more cumbersome than I expected it to be . Had to tape the hose to my blower/vac to get it to stay . Better than the prior bag I had on the vac , but not much better .
 great initially but after 10 minutes of use and 2 bags of leaves the hose is like a sieve , ruptured at 7 different places . wondering whether to return it or just duct tape it . a longer hose would be more helpful too . great idea otherwise .
 Bought a Black & Decker LF-4500 last year and after two seasons -LRB- and a very small yard -RRB- , the blade is worn out and the bag blew out . I 've read these same problems from many other unfortunate buyers of this low quality product . Never again will I buy another Black & Decker product as I 've had similar quality issues with their appliances & tools .
 My leafhog 's burlap bag was torn so I had a choice
 Product developed a hole in the plastic tubing on the first use.Duct tape will prolong its life only so long.Also the cloth is too small to cover the top of my leaf disposal container .
 Although the product works at about 60 % efficiency , it is definitely overpriced and difficult to maneuver with the barrel attached . MAYBE at half the price one could learn to live with it !
 It is a great idea . However , the hose connecter that attaches to the blower does not want to stay connected and you have to continue stopping the blower to re attach it . I will be sending this back for a total refund .
 Sure wish Black and Decker would get their act together . The bag that came with the leaf vacuum lasted 1 season then the stitching on the zipper started to unwind . 2nd season of use and zipper ripped and came off track renderng the bag useless . I decided to try this instead . Worked pretty good , a slight challenge getting the cover to stay on the waste bin . Then notice holes in the hose . I have not contacted company for a replacement yet but ca n't expect a replacement will hold up any better .
 My old cloth cover finally wore out after 10-12 years , and I bought the new version . As bad as the old one had gotten , it was far better than the new one . The plastic on the hose is little thicker than a heavy duty trash bag , and , as hard as you try to avoid them , sticks and pieces of mulch will get sucked into the vac , putting lots of holes the size of your little finger in the plastic . I only used it 3 times and returned it . To make it work without a loss of suction the last time , I duct-taped around all the holes . B&D has gone cheap . Maybe the WORX system will fit the B&D machine .
 I bought this because I have a good number of trees in my front and back yard and thought this would be a great way to make leaf clean-up faster , but I was disappointed . I ended up buying a gas powered blower instead and I love it . I will say for very few leaves or just to clean off a patio or deck , this might work good , I just needed something much more powerful .
 This is second hand from my husband who tried to use the device today . The parts that keep the adapter in place popped off , the tube already has a hole in it , and the hose is always coming out of the bag cover thing -LRB- that goes over the trash can -RRB- . He is SO disappointed and is amazed that black and decker would put their name on such a worthless piece of equipment .
 I was thrilled to see this accessory offered as the shoulder bag included with my BV2500 Leaf Hog was too small for the volume of autumn leaves my maple and Japanese plum trees deposit on my front lawn -LRB- not to mention the year-round shedding of bamboo leaves in my backyard -RRB- . The system looks great in pictures , but what the pictures do n't show is what happens to the attachment once you actually turn on the vac . The porous fabric cover fills with air , putting a big cotton/nylon baloon over the top of your waste can . If you do n't secure the bag tightly enough -LRB- which is quite a chore given the design of the drawstring -RRB- , it comes flying off.And the drawstring . Given how much tugging and pulling and tying -LRB- ! -RRB- it takes to get the attachment secure , it 'll be a miracle if it lasts more than a season.The design appears to be optimized for waste cans with square tops , so perhaps my round can is the problem . Attaching the cover to the lip of the can does not work , so I 've been wrapping the cover over the top of it such that there 's no slack in the bag . That works well enough , but I end up spilling leaf mulch all over the place when removing the cover.It 's better than emptying the shoulder bag every three minutes , but not by much .
 This product looks good on paper but does n't perform as expected . The flex tube is prone to fouling as debris gets caught in kinks as you move about . Also the bag-end of the tube tends to clog up quickly as soon as your garbage can fills , so you have to keep a constant eye on that end of the tube . Once the tube gets clogged on the bag end , debris fills the tube and it becomes seriously impacted . At this point you have to stop operations and unclog the tube . If you 've been at this for a while you start to wonder why the vacuum does n't work as effectively as it should . I wound up unclogging the tube around 5 or 6 times before I gave up on this product .
 I was really excited to get this product , but pretty disappointed when I tried to use it . I actually wound up returning it the next day . It looks like a plastic cover in the pic , but it is actually a netting that does n't stay on the pail very well at all . It is very hard to put on because the hose attaches to the netting instead of to the leaf blower . A very poor design idea . I think it would be so much easier to use if it were the other way around . The hose actually became detached from the net at one point and that is when I decided to return it because after that it did n't work at all . I am sorry it did n't work because it would have saved me a step of transferring the mulched leaves from the collection bag to the pail , but ... . It turned out it was easier and quicker to skip the mulching and just rake the leaves the old fashioned way . Especially if you get the yellow hand things that help you scoop them up . Now those are worth the money ! -LRB- $ 5 or $ 6 at ACE hardware store -RRB- .
 Situation : Very large acorn tree in my yard which dumps tons of leaves weekly . I filled twelve 33-gal bags this week , as I did last week , and will have to do again next week.Pros : > Reasonable quality for $ 30 . > Attached hose easily to my Leaf Hog blower/vac . > Not much dust comes out during use.Cons : > Tricky to get to stay on garbage can > Fills a 35 gal bag in about 5 minutes . I can fill the same bag with a rake as a shovel in about 1 minute ! > Even being mulched , bags are no more filled than when done by hand . > Cord release is WAY too small for fingers to use . It 's about the width of a pencil , recessed , and impossible to operate . > Slips off garbage can from time to time . Other times you ca n't get it off . > A low , wide , and heavy garbage can should be used , as plastic ones tip over a lot . > Hose should be twice as long for easier use.So ... it works , but I wo n't be using it again , and I would not recommend it to a friend.This would be far better if in included a low-height garbage can , the hose went into and fastened to the lid , and then the lid had a fixed mesh vent on the other side . That way you could just pop off the lid and you 'd far more efficient .
 The B&D ; vacuum extension is not very effective . The primary issues are :1 . The hose is too short to allow the flexibility of moving around without constantly moving the leaf collection container .2 . The hose needs some sort of clamp to hold it in place on top of the flexible container cover . It tends to pull out of the cover and blow leaves in unintended paces .3 . The hose is fairly stiff in cold weather -LRB- 32 degrees -RRB- . This aggravates the problems listed in 1 and 2 above . All of these problems may be resolved by use in warm weather , but leaf collection is normally associated with cold weather .
 I had purchased a Black & Decker Leaf Hog with their Vacuum Leaf Collection System 6 years ago and over the years the tube had been stepped on so many times that it was starting to show signs of the wire foundation coming out . So , I purchased this model thinking it would be the same only new . It was n't . They changed the tube construction completely using a rubbery/plastic instead of the tough oil cloth used in my original system . During it 's first use I had to wrap duct tape around four separate locations where the rubbery/plastic tube ripped open holes . I was n't using my Leaf Hog any different than before , it was just the poor construction of the tube that 's at fault . I do NOT recommend you waste your money on this model .
 The leaf collection system works reasonably well , provided leaves are dry . It is a big improvement over the tiny bag that comes with the vacuum . However , hose developed cracks/splits after using three times . -LRB- Now has duct tape on it . -RRB-
 This product is teased with the LH4500 Leafhog but DOES NOT FIT IT . Why would you even put this product on the same page as the 4500 it was listed as buy the 4500 and this and this together . Great job Amazon next time do your research
 I am now looking for a better collecting container to use this with . It needs to be sturdy and wheeled . Maybe a sturdy frame of some kind that will hold the lawn and leaf bag . A bag of mulched leaves is really too heavy to be lifting out of something.The hose kept coming out , first on the bag side and then on the vacuum side . The elastic at the bag end is n't tight enough and will likely need to be assisted by a tie of some kind . A grooved twist connector is used on the vacuum side . I think it was intended to lock when one twists it , but it does n't . The hose will twist when one is reaching in and around bushes and this comes apart.I was trying to use this with a Fiskars gardening container and the spring was n't strong enough for the container to remain upright.I ended up going back to the basic collection bag ... which fills up quickly and gets to be heavy.I like the idea of this system , but there are some engineering issues to be worked before it is effortless to use .
 I can not rate this . I recieved only part of it and have had no luck dealing with Amazon to get the missing part .
 THE PRODUCT WAS NOT ADAPTABLE TO MY LEAF BLOWER/VACi THREW IT AWAY . IT WAS NOT WORTH MY TROUBLE TO RETURN IT .
 My blower/sucker failed to have enough `` wind '' power to move the chopped leaves along the plastic hose to the container . Complete failure .
 I ordered a leaf blower for a Christmas present . there were delays in it coming , and it only has part of the thing . it only has the tube . i ordered the whole system , or at least , i thought that i did . i will be returning whatever the heck i received right after Christmas .
 It is hard to ft over some cans and keep on . Hose can clog . I returned it . OK for small clean ups but to do a yard with leaves it was more trouble than it worth .
 we have used the Black & Decker leaf hog for several years and been very happy with it . We have replaced the hose more than once because we really use it alot but the hose always lasted about 1.5-2 seasons . This new hose ripped when we used it the first time . . I am NOT happy and will seek alternatives !
 I purchased this at Lowes along with the BV-4000 . The hose tore after using it for 5 minutes . I returned it to Lowes and found out that the BV-4000 was recalled . I will be returning it as well .
 The BV006 blower/vac is great and I would rate that separately with 41/2 stars , but the leaf collection attachment that is designed to fit over a large trash can is mostly ineffective . It loses most of its vacumn suction and therefore is more trouble than it is worth .
 This system works best for small jobs . I found the fabric top kept getting twisted and required a lot of energy and time to keep it from twisting . I should have returned it . When it worked well , it filled-up the barrel so quickly , I spent more time putting the fabric top back on than I did emptying the barrel . If you have a lot of leaves , the fastest way to get them up is rake them onto a tarp and with the help of another person , load them into a trailer .
 After trying several times to get the cover to stay on garbage can , finally got it to stay but with much leakage of leaf material . The bigger problem is that before 1 hour was up , the hose had split in 3 different places requiring duct tape to get hose ruptures sealed . It is working , but ny opinion is that more ruptures will occur . This was while `` vacuuming '' the lawn - no strain on the motor and should not have been any problem with the hose .
 I have used this item before with a great amount of difficulty . I was hoping that a newer model would be better . Not so
 I replaced my old worn out leaf collection system with the new one . Instead of improvements , I found the elastic band that holds the bonnet to the hose is weaker than the old one and comes off easier . The cord that secures the bonnet to the trash container you are collecting leaves in does not lock as well as the old , either .
 The mesh cover is very porous and great quantities of dust spew upward from the pressure produced by the vacuum . Ca n't use it near the house , swimming pool , paved areas ... just about anywhere because of the clouds of mulched matter . The over the shoulder bag is as good as this collector is bad -- I ca n't figure out how the bag handles the air pressure without losing any dust/dirt that is blowing into it . Carry the over-the-shoulder bag and you 'll be much happier .
 I was hopeful this unit would work great and save some money . However after about ten minutes the mesh bag around the hose which creates the airflow clogged and of course the flexible tube clogged soon after . I did clear this out and it worked for a little bit more but than the same situation . For the small area I was clearing it left much to be desired . Another issue is the hose is short and the garbage can -LRB- unless you put cinder blocks inside -RRB- tended to fall over a lot.Black & Decker Blower/Vacuum Leaf Collection System #BV -006
 My product from Black & Decker did not include the advertised trash can cover
 I was very disappointed in the connection from the tubing to the adapter that fits my LH4500 . Evidently , this can be used for two different leaf blowers , so it comes with two different adapters . The connection from the adapter to my leaf blower is very secure . The connection from the hose to the adapter is ridiculous . Just slide up and twist . Guess what ... . every time I turned around the connection slipped out . Should n't have to break out the duct tape in the first 10 minutes of use . But I did . And then it worked well.Definitley a LOT more productive to fill a barrell than that little bag . Actually - what I did n't like about the bag was unzipping it and trying to push all the leaf material out when it was all packed in so well.When you put the canvas over the bucket , there 's a flimsy little plastic slide that you use to keep it tight . I 'm sure that wo n't last very long ... . significantly cheaper than the slide on most sweatshirts I own.I actually do recommend it , as it helps the job go faster and there are n't many -LRB- any ? -RRB- other options out there . But if someone made an after-market part of reasonable quality and charged twice as much , I 'd recommend that one instead .
 headline says it all - NOT a ' 1 size fits all . ' this is my 4th blower/mulcher , and all have had POS bags . perhaps I 'll learn 1 of these days ...
 I own a Black & Decker LE500 electric lawn edger and this blade does n't fit . The hole in the middle of this blade is n't large enough to fit on the peg . Just to make sure I held it up against the original blade -LRB- which I kept -RRB- and , sure enough , the hole on this blade is smaller . Frustrating ...
 This is the 3rd time I will be buying a replacement bag . The zippers are plastic and terrible . The blower works fine , but it 's just the darn leaf bag that keeps breaking . I think this is the last time I will purchase this product .
 This product states it fits all Black & Decker blowers/vacuums ... not true ! At least I found that it does not fit the LH4500 model and had to return it .
 Used bag twice and the seam on top ripped open and dirt and leaves came flying at me . The original bag with the black and decker was a touch better . Got at least one summer before same thing . There has to be a bag out there that will be sturdier . It 's ridiculous .
 I was sent this collection bag as a substitute for the Weedeater blower I own . It was not at all compatible so had to return it .
 This bag was sold as the replacement bag for the Leaf Hog LH4500 . This is not the correct bag as it has the incorrect connector type . The online specifications do not show this . The LH4500 needs a Type 1 connector .
 This replacement collection bag is not as pictured in the photo . In fact it is exactly the same as the original bag and is shown as a re-design , much improved over the original . I followed directions to return it and when i printed out the return label it indicates THAT I HAVE TO PAY POSTAGE to return an item that was misrepresented in the photo and is NOT what I ordered ! At least Amazon should pay the return postage when the item is not as advertised .
 these things are juuuuunk , your ' e lucky if you get past one season , I know they ca n't last forever , but you got ta expect to buy a new one every year , bought one in August of 2012 and lasted till December -LRB- yep , still leaves blowing around -RRB- , if the seams are that cheap they better lower the price to $ 10 bucks , here 's an idea to the manufacturer , make the whole seam a zipper , from front to back , it 'll be sturdier , but , than we would ` nt buy one every 3 months
 I was initially thrilled to have found this item online because Black and Decker was sold , there are no Black and Decker stores in the Washington Metro area , and the one in Williamsburg , VA did n't have this item . My husband used this item and the inside ripped . He has to tape it with duct tape . Then , another piece broke . My husband can only use this as a BLOWER . Total waste of money .
 Had an area in the bag wear through so I used those old iron-on patches , one on the inside , then one on the outside . So far so good
 Bought this thinking it looked like a good replacement ... wrong ! I 'd like to return it but there was no return label on the package . Anyone want to buy a new bag at a discount ?!
 Can not give a rating to a `` tool '' that does not work ! That 's right , despite having the SAME model as is indicated on the website , the plastic connector that is supposed to fit over the chute from the vacuum mine does not . I think that after they sold the units it was realized that the bags are next to impossible to remove to empty and improved on it . The only way I would find that out would be to go to Lowe 's and buy a new one . So instead , I have Elmer 's glued a patch of muslin over the hole that developed from the leaves shooting into the bag . In addition , I slipped in a piece of plastic from a container to reinforce it . So far , working , but the season is not over and there are a lot of leaves out there calling my name . Sorry , with it not working , can not give it a good rating .
 Despite B&D 's claims , this bag most certainly does NOT fit all their vacuum/blowers . It did not fit on mine , and I had to hold it on with my left hand to keep it from blowing off and use the vaccum with my right -- very uncomfortable . Got wise and bought the Toro $ 69 blower/vacuum on Amazon and got the free shipping and it still arrived in four days . I like it MUCH better than the Black & Decker version -- it is MUCH quieter .
 Ok my B&D bag only lasted a day or so . So I had an old Toro Blower Vac Replacement Vacuum Bag and it did work better for my B&D . but today I 'm ordering another Toro Blower Vac Replacement Vacuum Bag because after a few times the same thing happened the zippers are not good and who wants to have to carry a pale around the hole yard ...
 When it arrived it was the wrong bag . the connector was on the top . not on the side as the picture shows . I needed the connector on the side . The company said the connector on the top is the only one they do . I was very disappointed .
 When I did my search for a replacement bag for my leaf vaccum this item was displayed . The price was good so I ordered two so I could continue vaccuming while someone else emptied the bag to save time . When the bags arrived they were not compatible with my leaf vac , I had to pay $ 10.07 for return postage and the company deducted a restocking fee on top of that . Still waiting on my refund . Buyer beware and do more research before ordering .
 My original bag zipper finally broke . I ordered 2 of these replacement bags to fit my Leaf Hog . The plastic collar does not fit the machine . It it too tight and does not have the fittings to slide over the spring button on my Leaf Hog . I 'm very disappointed . I do n't understand why it is listed as a compatible part for the Black and Decker LH4500 .
 works great , glad it was available . good price . product was what I was looking for and was able to receive it in a timely matter . Would buy again if I needed too .
 After reading the reviews on this site , I figured there had to be a better solution than throwing money away on another bag . I went to my local craft store and purchased a package of velcro -LRB- for $ 3.19 -RRB- . It contained both sides of velcro and you secure it to fabric using a steam iron . Without removing the old zipper , I vacuumed the inside of the bag and ironed the velcro in place . To my surprise it worked . I have used it three times now and it works flawlessly . Interestingly , the velcro `` opens '' up to release pressure when it ca n't take anymore.I also used WD40 to lube the connection of the bag to the motor housing.These two fixes have salvaged what would have been a totally useless device.Hope that helps .
 For those of you who have this terrible product I need not say anymore ; you know how bad it is by now . For those of you thinking about buying a B&D leaf blower system of any king , do n't . They con you into buying their system , and then force you into buy a new bag every year by providing a sub par bag to go with it . The zipper is made of nylon and will break after the first few times you use it . The bag is cloth and will rip or even blow open shortly after the zipper breaks . It should be made of nylon fiber with a reinforced zipper . I would rather pick the darn leafs up by hand than be frustrated with this inferior product
 I 'm an unfortunate owner of a B&D ; Leaf Hog & also have problems with that miserable collection bag . The zipper on mine is fine but one of the two cheap plastic tabs in the collar broke almost immediately -LRB- rendering the bag useless -RRB- . I wasted my time jury rigging a screw/nut to replace the broken tab . I now get about 30 seconds of run-time before the bag blasts off . I also , like one of the other reviewers , purchased their hose for a trashcan and it 's as sad as their collection bag.Do yourself a favor & buy a higher-end Toro unit .
 The bag did not securely fit an older model of the blower/vac unit . It disengaged after the unit turned on when vacumming .
 I think this is where Black & Decker get you . The zipper for the bag broke within a few weeks of use . The blower seems to work fine , but the quality of the bag is pathetic .
 The second time I used the leasf collection bag , the zipper ripped-apart . I NEED ANOTHER BAG SHIPPED ASAP .
 I am very disappointed with my replacement shoulder bag . It is not made exactly like the original one and falls off of the blower/vacuum . This is very very aggravating . I had to replace the original bag , as the zipper broke on it in a very short time , now I have this problem . We have to duct tape it on - then untape it when I need to empty it . More trouble then it is worth . Very disappointing for it being a `` brand name '' .
 This is the first product that I will return to Amazon . This bag replacement nozzle does not fit the Black & Decker LH4500 Leaf Hog Blower/Vacuum
 I have used my Leaf Hog 3 times and then the zipper broke . My wife repaired it and then the cloth lining for the zipper tore . I like the Leaf Hog and it does a nice job , but the bag zipper is terrible . I now use clothes line pins and safety pins to keep the bag closed . This should be a `` recall '' and `` replace '' item by Black and Decker . I have purchased many B & D products and this bag is the `` lemon '' . Recall and Replace and make your customers happy and loyal again to B & D.
 I did a serach for a Toro leaf bag and was sent to Amazon . I was in a hurry and odered it thinking that it was what I had searched for . I was sent a black and decker leaf bag . I have returned the item and waiting for a credit .
 The bag looks and IS a cheap imitation of the original . It 's Much smaller AND DoesNOT fit the tightening fitting properly . As a result you CAN NOT position the bagcomfortably . Very dissapointing .
 This is a very poor quality replacement bag . I did n't want to buy a new blower/vacuum so I ordered the bag in spite of other negative reviews . The zipper is not nearly strong enough for the tough wear it gets . The bag is also not stitched well so my old one ripped above the zipper end . In addition , for some reason inserting and removing the bag is almost impossible so I end up dragging the whole machine to a disposal point . I tried spraying it with silicone spray which worked once and then was just as difficult to remove . When this bag wears out -LRB- which will probably not be long -RRB- , I will buy a new machine and it wo n't be Black & Decker !
 The zipper is poor quality and rips away from the bag.The bag and strap have an awkward and uncomfortable way of hanging on the shoulder . Not what I expect from B&D .
 The zipper on this bag is very low quality . It broke after 1 years use . The cost of the bag is close to 1/2 the cost of the complete unit .
 The description of this item INCORRECTLY states that it fits ALL Black & Decker leaf vac models . Look closely at the photo and you will see that it will NOT work with the LH4500 and LH5000 models . This replacement bag lacks the square clip fastener on the molded plastic fitting used to attach the bag to the LH4500 and LH500 vacs . I ordered this bag based on the statement that it would fit all models . After I received it and found that it did not fit my LH4500 , Amazon 's return / refund process was not bad . But the incorrect description was never fixed -LRB- it has been many months since then -RRB- . So if you have the LH4500 or the LH5000 and you buy this replacement bag , you will waste your effort , as well as Amazon 's . The GOOD news is that after returning this item , I turned to Google for a solution , and found that someone had obtained a replacement bag for an LH4500 from Black & Decker for FREE . Sure enough , I submitted my info to Black & Decker and eventually received a FREE replacement bag that is made of much more durable fabric than the original bag . Hope this helps .
 I received this and have returned because it does NOT fit the LH4500 , this blower has a thumb-catch type of lock and THIS bag has a totally round connection , it does not fit , does not snap . Beware , this is misleading and I rarely post a negative review but this is just inconvenient and untrue as the information provided .
 THe bag keeps detaching from the vacuum every 30 seconds or so making it basically useless .
 I replaced my Leaf Hog bag because the zipper broke and I did n't want to spend time replacing the zipper . I read other reviews before I made the purchase and found considerable dissatisfaction by other users . I agreed with many of them that the bag was cheaply made and had a short life . However , I wanted something fast and thought I would give the Black and Decker bag another try . On my first use of the replacement bag I discovered what others were saying
 This bag looks identical to the one I have , but as it turns out is n't . The opening is on the top instead of the side as shown and has a different connection . It would have been nice to know before ordering that I would need an adapter to make it connect , but even then I would have returned it because the placement of the opening makes it impossible to use with my B&D blower/vac . I did n't even get a chance to judge the quality of the bag . After reading the comments -LRB- something I should have done first -RRB- , I 'm glad I 'm sending it back .
 These reviews are correct . I used mine vacuum for one season and the zipper gave out on the bag . Tried to find another locally and nobody -LRB- Home Depot , Lowes , Sears -RRB- seems to stock it . Poor quality from Black and Decker .
 I like the blower/vac that the bag attaches to just fine . However , the bag is -LSB- garbage -RSB- . Threads on the inside began unraveling on the first use . The zipper is low quality . The major defect was that the bag ripped open around one of the reinforced areas where the bag handle is sewn to the bag . The bag was then useless - and made a heck of a mess , blowing debris on me when it blew . I had only filled the bag a few times when it blew , and it was kept relatively clean , so air could pass through the bag reasonably well . There should be a recall on these bags because not having a good quality bag makes the vacuum feature worthless .
 Luckily the zipper on the bag is intact , but the plastic attachment is worthless . I have ducttaped it for the time being , but the `` pins '' inside the attachment will soon break . For the number of times you remove the bag , this should be the sturdiest part . The machine is a decent blower , but the screw holding the blower sections together vibrates loose and gets lost.My B&D ; rechargeable trimmer now hums but the blades do n't move . And to think I was going to buy a B&D ; coffee pot.Maybe they 've cheapened their products so they can still make a profit at Wal-Mart .
 I guess then I will have to order more than one bag to replace the replacement bag when it too breaks prematurely .
 The way the bag hangs on the vacuum is awkward for the operator . The zippers on these bags are not very durable and I have had two fall apart . I 'm stuck with the vacuum and therefore the not particularly durable bag . Look at alternative configurations .
 This bag -LRB- for which it is designed -RRB- should have been of better quality . I had two bags . One was a warranty replacement ofr the blower . Both the bags have issues . For one the zipper gave out.The other the Threading on the sides developed holes after a couple of uses.Make the Vaccum part of the Blower completely useless . I also had the attachement with the Leaves go directly into the Trash can ... . That was completely useless as well . The hose is very heavy and keeps tripping the Trashcan . Once I put weight in the can . . The hose got ripped from the bag ... . Could not find a better way to put my money down the drain ...
 zipper on these bags do not hold up , unit is very unconfortable to use.i ` am stuck with this blower/vacum untill the motor gives out .
 the zipper does not hold upThe fabric all ready has holes in it after 1 month useHad to buy a different bag already it is cheper to by a bag than a blower
 i have had this thing for 1 year , and the zipper has given out , and no stores stock it , so i have to buy it online at 1/2 the cost of the darn thing . waste of money .
 Unfortunately , for such a handy product , the sharpness of the blades does not last beyond a few uses . Even filing the blades to re-sharpen them does not work . Be prepared to replace the blades often , which are not cheap . It 's a shame the quality of the blades is so poor -- probably the cheap metal used -- because it damages the reputation of Black and Decker .
 Hole in center is not correct , cheap item ... I would NOT Recomend ... Item must be seconds quality from the dealer , as nothing was correct to the machine !
 I just use my edger for edging the lawn by the sidewalk and driveway . This blade does NOT edge straight . It CHOPS and MUTILATES the grass instead of leaving a smooth straight line . Having gone from a straight edge blade to this blade was a HUGE downgrade as far as the quality of the cut goes . Also , the blade is short , and I have to put the edger on the lowest setting in order to get into the dirt where some grass is below the surface . Granted maybe this works best for digging or trenching but the blade is horrible , IMO , for straight edges.I since bought another straight -LRB- 8 '' Rectangle -RRB- blade and even though its not made for the machine , it fits , and works 10X better . I went back and re cut the edges straight so now the lawn doesnt look like chopped salad along the edges . Do yourself a favor and get the straight blade .
 The hole pattern on the picture that is shown does not match the pattern on the item that was shipped . The item that shipped has three circular holes .
 The product you show for this item is not the one I received ... twice . I sent the first order back , and while Amazon processed the return in a timely manner , when I received the replacement it was still the wrong item . If the correct item is not available any more , it should not be advertised . The problem is with the hole in the center of the blade . The one advertised is oblong , but the one shipped is round . To correct the problem , B&D suggests removing the shaped washer to allow use of the blade with the round hole . This is not good support of a product . It is inconsistent with the original design and could cause injury due to a loosening of the blade during use . If the correct blade is still available , I would buy it . But I do not recommend using an incorrect part and modifying the equipment in order to use it .
 The picture shown for the part is not accurate . The part you sent me has a round hole for mounting in the center . The picture shows one that is ` saturn ' shaped , like the one that is on my edger . So , I have purchased a part that I can not use .
 Trying to use this is like trying to lay down a wet noodle on the lawn . The hose is very thin and flimsy and becomes twisted very easily . Both sides look the same and there is no white line on the top side . The only way to find the top side is to turn the water on at a low volume . Then you get wet trying to lay it down correctly . I bought two of these and I wasted my money . DO NOT buy this hose unless you like throwing your money away .
 I 'm in my 60 's and grew up pushing a reel mower . I know what a joy it can be to mow your lawn with a push reel mower . This , however has been nothing but a frustration to me . I complained to the company , and the answer was effectively `` sorry ` bout that . '' First , it would n't cut high grass . I can live with that . It wo n't cut flower stems from weeds in the lawn . Did n't like that . So I pulled up the lawn and put in a brand new sod lawn . It cuts pretty well , if you do n't mind cutting several ways , and on consecutive days during the fast growing season in Spring . The major complaint I have is that now that I have a new , soft lawn , the mower wo n't stay in adjustment , so it soon looks like I tore the lawn instead of mowing it , and the anvil and blades do n't meet at all spots on the anvil or blades . Other mowers I 've had cut like a pair of scissors all along the anvil . This one wo n't and it is way too expensive to get it repaired . I wo n't buy anything from this company .
 I really wanted to mow the yard without using gas . Unfortunately even multiple passes fail to cut all the grass . The front of the mower pushes down taller grass and prevents it from cutting it . I have to borrow my neighbors gas mower when the lawn is long and then besure to mow twice a week to make this work . Unless you have time to mow often , consider carefully .
 I 've used an electric lawn mower for a few years till it about fell apart . I decided to try a reel mower . Here 's my the pros and cons : Pro
 A small push mower should be just the ticket for small manageable yards . This model , however , is far heavier than it needs to be and is difficult to maneuver in tight corners . It also tends to do wheelies when backing up , gouging the lawn with the catcher clips and dumping the catcher contents everywhere.To its credit , the bearings and the blades seem very rust resistant . If you like to mow in the rain or you 're one to forget your tools outside , you may want to give this one some thought.I retired this model after its first summer , picked up a neolithic push mower at a neighbor 's garage sale , and am far more satisfied .
 I got this lawn mower last spring because I wanted to save energy and save space in my garage . In the past , I 'd had an old reel mower that was wonderful & worked perfectly , even though it must have 20 or 30 years old . I so looked forward to using my new American reel mower.What a disappointment . What a waste of money . From day one it has not performed well . It flattens more lawn than it cuts , and when it does cut it is so patchy , it looks like a bunch of little mohawk haircuts on the lawn . Completely unacceptable and a waste of my time , as I have to go over several times , and it still looks like a mess.In addition , the handle flexes too much , even when all the nuts are tightened down . Which , by the way , I would advise you to do every time you use the mower , if you buy one . I lost one of the bolt/nut combos that hold the reel height adjuster.I am really puzzled by all the good reviews this mower gets .
 UPDATE -LRB- AUGUST 2011 -RRB-
 Do n't believe the good reviews . This is one of the most poorly made contraptions out there ; I might as well have bought snake oil . The construction of the handle is incredibly flimsy , which causes the blades to bind up because you ca n't apply equal even pressure . After two months , I 've already lost nuts and bolts from it in the yard and foam grip is coming off in multiple places . Oh , and while the `` blade '' assembly is 18 '' wide , the final two inches on both sides do n't really seem to cut anything.Your lawn will look horrible . This `` lawnmower '' hardly cuts anything . I often loose track of what I cut because there 's just so much grass left after pushing through a row . Even when cutting twice with crisscrossing patterns my lawn looks like it was mowed by a lazy teenager . This mowerwill not cut the seed stalks from grass , so you 'll have to get a weedwhacker for that . Oh , and keep that weedwhacker or edger out because any grass near pavement will just be pushed flat rather than cut ; that will also become a near weekly job . Of course since the mower ca n't cut anything close to the sides of a building -LRB- we 're talking 5 inches uncut when the outer wheel is rubbing against the wall -RRB- you 'll need that weedwhacker out all the time anyway.Don ' t believe those people that say this mower is better for your grass than a gas powered one . Gas powered motors , they say , just `` rip '' or `` tear '' grass but reel mowers actually `` cut '' it . That 's simply propaganda . If you examine the grass tips of either properly working mower you 'll see no difference except that reel mowers tend to cut the grass straighter -LRB- ie perpendicular -RRB- while gas mowers have a bit of an angle to the cut . And reel mowers bend the grass back to cut it against the blade anywyay , so all mowever bend grass.This product should n't be bought for more than $ 20 - $ 30 bucks , and then only as a novelty . Sure , it 's quiet and easy to push , but so is a tricycle without a kid on it . Save your money until they develop good battery power mowers .
 Overall , unless the lawn is unhealthy thin , it 's a useless product.First , it gets stucked all the time . If you push harder , the second row of wheels comes out . The second row of wheels are made of plastic and insecurely attached.Second , there is no protection on the blade . When try to install the mower or fixed the above problem , you figers might get in the blade . It 's extremly dangerous if you have children around.Third , it makes sharp noice -LRB- The blades are scratching the steel -RRB- when it is rolling.Fourth , the product also hides a notice , which says that the product can not be returned to the seller and the customer needs to contact manufacturer for all the problems .
 I do n't understand how anyone could be happy with this mower . The mower I received the blades were n't even sharpened . It cut next to nothing and one had to mow over and over again and it would n't cut much . Took mower apart to get blade sharpened and I could not find anyone who wanted to sharpen a reel blade . DO N'T EVEN THINK ABOUT BUYING THIS , MINE IS IN THE JUNK PILE
 I was really looking forward to using a no gas mower , but ... . I could n't get this product to work in St. Augustine grass if it was the least bit thick . I do believe that you need to be taller than 5 foot 2 inches as well to get the right angle for optimal push power . I got only a portion of my yard done and had to go buy a gas mower in order to get the rest of it done .
 Do n't waste your time purchasing this catcher for the 20 '' Scott Mower . It 's probably ok for a 16 '' . I 'm sending it back and make my own catcher since there does n't seem to be one that fits . Why does Scott sell this product and not provide a catcher ?
 The grass catcher is not the one I would have purchased if I had seen it first . It is flimsy , and tilts in such a manner that about half of the grass collected falls back onto the grass . With a rake and this catcher one might be able to get 75 % of the clippings , but it is not a very good product . Also , the snap on mechanism that connects the catcher to the mower is always slipping off , which makes keeping the clippings in the catcher that much more difficult . If one has this catcher it might be wiser to mow every three to four days . That way you wo n't have to use it .
 Despite the negative reviews of this , I bought it for my 20 '' Scott push mower . I assumed that the problem was that the grass clippings just were n't well directed into the catcher . I have a heavy duty canvas sewing setup , and I thought I might modify the catcher to avoid the issue . But that is n't really the issue at all . The grass clippings simply do n't propel back far enough to get into the catcher . Nothing I can do about that by modifying the catcher . So I used it twice and stopped . Leaving the grass clippings on the lawn is actually good for it , but it means that the dogs -LRB- and people -RRB- track some of them into the house . I try to minimize that problem by mowing the lawn more frequently to keep them as short as possible , so that the clippings drop down deep into te lawn . Sure would be nice , though , if some kind of catcher worked on these otherwise great mowers .
 I ordered this in conjunction with a mower -LRB- 2 for 1 -RRB- . It did n't fit . I 'm out the whole cost plus shipping expenses to send it back .
 I purchased the grass catcher only because I was surprised it was n't included with the 20 '' Scott 's push reel mower I purchased . Attaches easily , but like others , found that it `` dumped '' most of the grass whenever I pulled back on the mower . -LRB- Problem is that the bottom is made of a semi-rigid plastic ; a firmer material might have prevented this issue . -RRB- Also , not sure how much grass it really `` catches '' anyway ; much of the clippings still fell into the grass or were tossed overboard when I pushed too fast . Since reel mowers -- push or gasoline powered -- work best when the grass is n't too long , I would argue you could live without this attachment if you mow your grass at least once a week or more .
 SINCE I HAVE A MUCH SMALLER LAWN AREA NOW I BOUGHT A PUSH MOWER AND EVEN THOUGH IT WAS A MAJOR BRAND , I COULD N'T FIND A CATCHER FOR IT . WAS THRILLED TO SEE THAT TARGET HAD ONE . I STILL HAVE N'T USED IT BECAUSE I NEED TO BUY SOME NUTS AND BOLTS TO ATTACH IT TO MY MOWER . WOULD HAVE BEEN NICE TO KNOW THIS SO I WOULD HAVE HAD THEM ON HAND BEFORE I RECEIVED THE CATCHER .
 THIS ITEM WAS BACKORDERED . I CANCELLED BECAUSE WHEN IT WOULD BE AVAILABLE , THE GRASS CUTTING SEASON WOULD HAVE BEEN OVER . I WILL NEVER ORDER ANYTHING ELSE FROM THIS SUPPLIER . THEY DID NOT EVEN NOTIFY ME OF THE DELAY IN SHIPPING UNTILL I HAD CALLED THEM SEVERAL TIMES AFTER THE DATE DELIVERY WAS PROMISED .
 This thing is a piece of junk . Hard to put on , easy to fall off . It misses 30-40 % of the grass thrown at it . Most of the remaining grass piles up on the mower reel . I have a _ tiny _ lawn , and i had to stop 3-4 times to re-attach this bag.This thing needs a serious redesign , start with the attachment clips ...
 I purchased this grass catcher to use with my new Scotts Classic 20 '' reel mower . The mower 's great . The catcher is n't . The fit is ... well ... iffy . It snaps easily enough on the bar above the rear roller assembly , where it awaits the most inopportune moment to detach itself . I 've found the best way to counter this is to lift up on the handle when pulling back on the mower , thereby avoiding telescoping the grass catcher -LRB- and dumping the cuttings back on your lawn -RRB- . However , the mower can not be pushed with the handle raised even slightly or the clippings will spill forward out of the catcher . Also , on every path or so it 's necessary to reach down behind the blades and sweep the grass toward the back of the catcher
 After using this catcher , I 'm now looking for an alternative . I bought it with the Scott 's mower , and they were clearly not designed to work together . The attachment to the rear bar is not positive , and comes off frequently , and is cumbersome to attach . I long for the old days , and my fathers reel mower with a catcher that lasted for my entire youth . Easy on/off , and cought all the clippings . How hard could this be ?
 For such an easy and simple need this catcher falls really short of its ' usefulness . This is one of those times where the concept on paper does n't convert in to a real functioning end product . The problem is the catcher does not stay in place on the transverse bar on the mower . The plastic grip on the catcher is not capable of holding the catcher to the mower . Even the Scott 's rep admitted that this thing is useless . I tried using Velcro straps tied around the bar and through the plastic base of the catcher to secure it in place . That worked but the catcher is then not easily removed for dumping of the clippings . Also the little sewn on holder for the vertical bar that keeps the catcher fully opened ripped off . Though this is amazingly flawed I have to make it work since I do n't want clippings left on the ground . But I have my eye out for a better catcher . Good luck . Be Patient if there is nothing better you can find . And when you do find something better let me know and be sure to return the old flawed one .
 Like other reviewers , I bought this with my Scott 's mower . They were NOT designed to work together at all . The main problem is that the catcher is designed to work with two mower types -- neither of which is the Scott 's . The bottom hook meachanism does not work . Second problem is that , even if I did get it hooked on with some duct tape , it 's narrower than the cutting part of the mower , so a lot of grass would not even be caught . Select a higher setting on your mower and all the grass would remain on your lawn .
 I 'm a pretty handy guy and I could not figure out how to properly install this `` universal '' catch ... probably because it 's simply not a good fit even when installed to specifications . Why Scott 's brand would allow such a generic `` piece '' to be associated with their product and brand name is beyond me . Unless you know how to weld the included hardware to the rear cross-member -LRB- and I certainly do not -RRB- , I find this catch to be totally worthless ... if you 're like me , you knew you were in trouble when the assembly instructions did n't even offer assembly for a 20 inch mower .
 The construction is poor . It did not function properly as it did not remain securely fastened to the mower and thus was unusable .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.The bag does not stay on the mower and is too narrow for the mower even if it did stay put .
 I read all the negative reviews but decided to take a chance anyway.DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!!!!!!!!!!! It is absolutely WORTHLESS ! I have an American Lawn Mower reel mower and it is great ... this is quite the opposite ... it is hard to find the proper words to convey just how useless this contraption is.DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I received the reel mower grass catcher in new condition . However when I tried to install it on my reel mower it was in the wrong size and does n't fit on the mower . I am very dissatisfied with this product .
 I installed the grass catcher as noted in the directions setting it to the far left and it still does not collect 80 % of the clippings . Poor design . Requested a return as defective .
 Well , I should 've listened to the other reviewers and skipped this grass catcher . It 's definitely not worth $ 25.00 ! I can hold in one hand the amount of clippings this catches . Also , the mower is more difficult to manuever in a small space and is even harder if the person is short -LRB- 5 ' 5 '' or less -RRB- . I also bought a Toro 51599 Blower/Vacuum/Mulcher when I bought this catcher , and I highly recommend using your $ 25.00 towards the Toro instead . I use the vacuum setting and go over the lawn when I do n't want to leave the the clippings . It picks-up the fresh clippings and dead grass without a problem -LRB- be careful of small rocks & wood chips -RRB- , and then I use the mulch in my flower pots and vegetable containers !
 Bought this with the Scotts Classic Reel Mower . Mower is fantastic and cuts like butter , but this product is just plain terrible . Unlike other reviewers , I have no problem attaching the bucket to my mower and it stays in place . The problem is the blades on the mower are designed to throw the grass to the left and , at least for me , to the front of the mower . I probably only collect 20 % of the grass that is cut . The grass really gets clogged up in the front of the catcher , near the blades . I have to stop and clear it all the time .
 This product is not worth the money . It 's very hard to attach and falls apart and you are moving across the lawn .
 The grass catcher they said would fit on the Scotts 2000-20-inch classic push reel lawn mower does not fit properly . It is not wide enough to fit the lawn mower and the the clips that are supposed to attach on to the lawn mower do not work , there is no place to attach them .
 I purchased this with the reel lawn mower and sharpening kit . Would not recommend it ! Barely catches any grass before it needs to be emptied , tends to gather the clippings right at the front ! Not really worth the effort of attaching to the reel lawn mower .
 This item does not fit the mower it was supposed to . I have doubts that it fits anything . What do you want for something made in China . I wish I 'd known that before hand .
 this was a disappointment . I does hold some of the grass , but not enough and it pops off too easily in the middle of mowing spilling the grass . The gap between the blades and catcher is too large and allows grass clippings to escape .
 Would love to use this product if I could figure out how to put it on the lawn mower . It does not come with written instructions and only has an illustration , which does not explain the process at all .
 This Chinese-made lawn mower grass catcher is a complete waste of money . Poorly designed and with instructions that must have been written and illustrated by the Chinese Helen Keller , it is garbage . The `` instructions '' ask that you crimp one piece of metal closed over another . Well why not just forge a new one instead at your local steel mill ? The illustrations are so badly drawn they are impossible to understand . The grass catcher when finally assembled - by no help of the instructions - is a sloppy fit to the lawn mower . The flimsy construction does not help either . What a disaster . I would be better off taping a plastic bag to the lawn mower - or my knees ... A waste of money . Do n't do it !
 unlike many other reviewers , I had no problem with the grass catcher fitting on the mower . I am using the bag on an American Lawnmower Company 1815-18 . It seems that many of the reviewers that had fit problems were trying to use the bag on a mower other than the ALMC brand.That all said , the engineering and design of the product could only be described as LAZY . The clip designed to attach the bag to the mower is the most critical part of the product and it looks like the designers spent 10 seconds thinking about it . Its poor design allows the bag to be bounced off the clip very easily . What frustrates me is that I was able to design and fabricate a fix for the problem in about 15 minutes using nothing more than a drill , a pliers , and about 3/16 '' of spring steel wire . Come on American Lawnmower Company , you guys do n't have one engineer smarter than me ? Please . 1 Star for lazy design .
 The bagger was obviously not engineered for the mower I bought . It catches about half of the grass , and then dumps it out as you go down an incline . Unless you mow super fast , the clippings do n't make it very far into the catcher . I would n't buy it again if I could do it over .
 Amazon `` recommends '' this grass catcher for the 20 '' Scotts reel mower . WRONG ! It does not work , it is not designed to work with that mower , and it is a totally erroneous cross-reference . Amazon -- ge this recommendation off your website !!!
 Do n't waste your money . Only about 10 % of the clippings end up in the bag . I mow at 3 '' and only the first few clippings end up in the bag . Good idea but not worth it since you end up raking the lawn anyways .
 Seriously folks , I agree with most others here that this thing is worthless . Just like many others here , I struggled to attach this to my reel mower -LRB- 16-in Task Force from Lowes -RRB- . Even if it had attached easily , it still would not be worth $ 20 because -LRB- in my opinion , from my experience -RRB- a bag and a reel mower do n't work well together . Some here say that it will catch 75 % , I 'd say it will catch 5 % , really that bad . People are saying that the reel will cut the grass and throw it out the left side , but for me it just goes up and practically everywhere so I 've given up on the whole idea of a catcher and rake afterwards . JonathanS
 I do n't know why Amazon suggests this item along with the lawnmower that i order . It did n't Fit . I am a kind of person who does n't like or have time to return things so it 's very annoying .
 This grass catcher is not solidly built nor does it fit all sizes of reel mowers . My mower is 18 inches and it did not fit . The bottom is plastic . The sides do not stay up well . I 'd consider just mowing the lawn without a grass catcher and see if that works for you .
 I read the bad reviews and did n't believe them . I thought , `` Well , how bad can it be ? '' Pretty bad . Most of the grass does n't actually make it into the bag , and what does make it falls out . What DOES make it is just a couple of quarts worth of grass.I 've used this once and I 'm returning it in the morning .
 * Grass does not accumulate in the catcher . It collects mainly on the reel and has to be pushed into thec atcher every now and then to avoid clippins from falling bakc on lawn . That does happen still even if we keep an eye on the accumulation on the reel . * If the mower setting is for the highest cut then the grass catcher is completely ineffective as its kind of angled now and nothing falls into the catcher anymore . * If you want one make sure you mow every week and at the same height settings .
 This catcher should NEVER be sold together with the Scotts 20 '' Mower . THEY DO N'T FIT TOGETHER !!! Amazon should be ashamed of themselves for even pairing these two . I will get my money back , do n't waste yours.The catchers design is good , just does n't fit .
 Reel mowers have been around for quite a while and it baffles me to no end why there is still not a decent grass catcher for this `` classic '' lawn mower . Just a small wind from behind or a small amount of grass collected along the forward portion of the catcher ensures that you have to continually stop and manually redirect the grass to the rear of the bin or plan on raking.Installing the catcher to the bar is a chore each and every time unless you store the catcher on the rear of the mower . That increases the amount of storage space you will need by not a small amount.I 've done my bit for the environment this year , but next year may bring the ear plugs and a gas engine back into my yard . Reel lawn mowers are real pains .
 This is a barely acceptable product . It is intended to fit all types of push mowers , from 14 inches to 20 inches wide . Needless to say , it can not do the job suitably for all of them . Ca n't speak for how it works for other sizes , but it does not work well for the 20 inch mower .
 I purchased this grass catcher to use with my new Scotts Classic 20 '' reel mower . The mower 's great . The catcher is n't . The fit is ... well ... iffy . It snaps easily enough on the bar above the rear roller assembly , where it awaits the inopportune moment to detach itself . I 've found the best way to counter this is to lift up on the handle when pulling back on the mower , thereby avoiding telescoping the grass catcher -LRB- and dumping the cuttings back on your lawn -RRB- . However , the mower can not be pushed with the handle raised even slightly or the clippings will spill forward out of the catcher . Also , on every path or so it 's necessary to reach down behind the blades and sweep the grass toward the back of the catcher
 So the silly thing does n't stay on and besides that I have now learned that it is much better for your lawn if you just let the clippings lay . This means you ca n't let your lawn get really long or you might end up matting it . But if you are using a reel mower anyway you would n't want your lawn to get long . Moral of the story ... leave the organic matter where it should be and out of the landfills .
 I purchased this to go with my Scotts 20 inch classic mower and i have to do some serious modifications to make it stay on similar to the other reviewer who mentioned he used velco.Right out of the box it you have to sit and scratch your head on how you are going to get this attached to the mower . the chain is too long and you have to adjust it . Make sure you use pliers to tighten the hooks that keep the shape of the bag . it took me about 10 minutes of trying to figure out why it kept falling apart when i would pick it up . there are no correct places to bolt on the hooks that go on the mower so you have no choice but to use the velcro . -LRB- velcro only works so well especially when it gets grass in it . You really need to make sure you have velcro straps similar to what you would use to tie up computer wires , that way they come off easy when you have to dump the clippings.I am going to keep it and rig it when i need it because it is not worth paying return shipping for a product that costs $ 20 .
 I guess this thing gets the job done . Not sure what I expected for $ 23 , but I got a flimsy-looking thing that looks like it cost about $ 3.50 to manufacture . You ever buy a tool at a flea market ? Or in the bargain bin at the local big lots store ? That 's the level of quality you 're getting here . That said , it catches most of the grass that zips out the back of my Scott 20 '' . Not sure if it 'll last more than a season , though . Would recommend checking out alternatives .
 I purchased this item to fit a Scott 's 20 '' mower . The item discription said this was the catcher to fit this particular mower . It does fit , however it is about 4-5 '' to narrow , not the full 20 '' wide . It was easy to unpackage and start catching immediately . The back of the catcher is supported by a metal arm that is sewn to the bottom of the catcher . During the first use this came loose and I had to rework it to continue use . I 'm still using it and it 's better than nothing at all , but I was diaappointed in the size and quality .
 Save your money and do n't buy this . The reel mower ca n't push the grass up far enough into this , so you end up with a big clump right at the front . You have to stop every so often to push the grass to the back or it 'll clog the mower.Since you have to mow often with a reel mower , your grass can never get tall enough to leave those nasty clumps of grass like with a regular mower . So this is highly unnecessary .
 This attachment is useless and poorly designed . It collapses repeatedly and even when it is holding its shape it does n't collect grass trimmings efficiently - if 10 % end up in the catcher I 'd be surprised . Do n't waste your money on this .
 This grass catcher hardly catches any grass when you have the blade at the highest setting . The catcher will buckle and dump any grass that it has caught if you try to back up . I think it is a waste of money .
 I need a grass catcher for my reel mower , for the times when the clippings would be a little too long to leave on the lawn.However , this catcher is just ridiculous.First , the catcher is flimsy , but easy to install . You can not back up with it on , or it will fold and you will have to push down on the front edge.Second , the clippings are thrown to the left with my Scotts 20 inch Classic . This would be OK , except that the left side of the catcher becomes clogged with just a few feet of mowing . When that happens , the grass starts to be thrown forward over the front of the mower . You then have to bend down , push the clippings all the way back and clear the front edge , and finish that row . If I had wanted to leave the clippings on the lawn , I would n't use a grass-catcher !! Third , after about 30 feet of mowing with average length clippings , you have to empty the mower or it will be constantly clog the mower . This means bending down and manually scooping the grass out 2-3 times . You could remove the catcher and empty it , but this would add a LOT of time to each stop . Keep in mind that you will have to stop every 30 seconds or so !! Depending on the clippings and whether they are wet , the catcher will rarely beat out having to rake .
 After one use , seams started failing . Is repairable , however sort of a pain to keep repairing after every-other use . Would suggest finding something of higher quality .
 I was not impressed with this at all . It said universal for up to 20 '' mower . This bagger does not come close to working with my 20 '' mower . I have to pick a side to use . It is easy to hook up but does not catch very much grass . Before buying this watch your grass cutting . If most if flying over the front of the mower than a bagger will be of no use . If I had to do it over again I would not waste my time buying this bagger that catches about 20 % of the grass .
 The grass catching ability of the item is extremely limited . You spend more time emptying it than cutting grass .
 Instructions are written in poor-english , not all hardware included -LRB- missing one of the two mounting brackets -RRB- .
 This was the one for my 21 '' Scott 's push reel mower , however it is about 5 '' narrower than the mower blades . Half of the grass clippings were n't caught . Appears to be good quality , just is not the right width for 21 '' mower . Should be fine for 16 '' . If you want it to catch 50 % of the grass , this is the bag for you .
 Bought this item for the Scotts 2000-20 20-Inch Classic Push Reel Lawn Mower but it does n't fit . Too narrow . Otherwise , after viewing the product , it seems it would do it 's job .
 Purchased both : American Lawn Mower 1414-16 16 '' Standard Push Reel Lawn Mower , American Lawn Mower Company 1ST-SP Reel Mower Grass Catcher , since they are listed as `` Frequently Bought Together '' . Mower works great , this grass catcher on this mower is useless . Limited points at which to attach chain hook to upright handle support causes either rear of bag to be `` slightly '' higher than front in which case the grass falls back into the spinning blades OR rear of bag touches ground and jumps off mower support bracket frequently . Gave up on catcher , mowing multiple times -LRB- very small yard -RRB- to `` mulch '' grass.Would recommend manufacturer modify their included brackets with positive closure mechanism in order to prevent accidental disengagement from mower - and perhaps a different chain hook or attachment point physically on mower .
 After taking the time to carefully assemble the lawnmower for which this catcher is sold , I was disappointed to learn that the catcher was the wrong size for the mower . According to the directions , it was designed to fit an 18 '' mower , and yet it was sold with a 20 '' mower . This obviously results in 2 '' of grass clippings being left on the ground with each pass . From a phone call to Amazon I was assured this was the catcher assigned to this mower . The Amazon representative was understanding , and after some strong talk from my end of the line , offered to remove the charge for the catcher from my credit card . The next morning I skipped Amazon and went right to the manufacturer , American Lawn Mower . When I told them of my dilemma of receiving an 18 '' catcher for a 20 '' mower , the rep from American Lawn Mower freely admitted that this was intentional . He said that they call it a `` universal '' catcher for 16 '' and 18 '' mowers -- but they also sell it with 20 '' mowers . How silly ! I fault the Amazon `` buyer '' who ever made the agreement with American Lawn Mower company , and agreed to put this faulty item in the online catalog without checking out the product first ! It should have been pulled from the catalog right away after so many bad reviews ! I thought Amazon had it 's act together better than this . It makes me wonder if I can trust Amazon again for anything larger or more complex than a book ! I returned the catcher with the mower and the sharpener , and did receive a full refund from Amazon !
 Disappointed . It is supposed to work with all real mowers , and best for widths no larger than 18 '' . I have a Craftsman 18 '' mower . The bag easily attaches , but the grass does not collect anywhere but the front of the catcher . So every few minutes the grass has to be pushed by hand to the back . If not , it falls off the front in clumps .
 I thought all the complaints where because people where trying to use the American Lawn Mower catcher on some other brand of push mower . So I purchased an American Lawn Mower push mower and this catcher to go with it.I 'm sorry to say it 's still a lousy fit . This catcher popped off 4 times in 6 minutes . Every 1.5 minutes I have to bend over and re-attach the catcher . You 'd think if it was the same brand they would design it to fit better . Well no.Not sure what brand to recommend , seems like most people use push mowers without catchers .
 Even though it is the ONLY reel-mower grass catcher that they sell at the American Lawn website , it does NOT universally fit all `` American Lawn '' reel mowers . Very frustrating . The instructions use technical language and graphics , not end-user friendly . We tore apart the grass catcher trying to make it fit , and I 'm still hoping we are able to make it work somehow , in the meantime , I am still raking . I saved a couple bucks buying the catcher at Amazon instead of the American Lawn website .
 American Lawn Mower Company Reel Mower Grass Catcher # 1ST-SPI experienced the same fit issues I see in many of these reviews . Luckily mine came with an instruction sheet and after trying without satisfaction to attach the catcher to the mower I noticed it says it is for 14 '' and 16 '' mowers . I talked to Amazon & hopefully they will change their text to reveal this . Since I have not used the item they have agreed to issue a full refund .
 I really give it zero starts . This does not fit the mower it is advertised with , nor the sizes it states it accomodates . Another crappy Chinese product .
 If only I knew then what I know now . The mower is a wonder of design , but this `` grass catcher '' simply does not work . A very , very mechanically-gifted neighbor performed the assembly , and afterwards took it off the mower with the comment , `` This is just a really bad idea . '' The device may be compatible with another mower , but not with the Scott 's push mower that I just reviewed . To add insult to injury , no invoice was in the box , so I 'm not sure how to return it . $ 25 + down the drain .
 Useless . Total waste of money . Uncontrollable . Gets jammed and twisted at every bump and turn . Forget about going in reverse .
 I bought this because I needed to compost my grass clippings and there are no alternatives . Fairly easy to install , you 'll have to empty it every couple of passes , as it holds very little . You need to remember to lift the handle when you back up or the catcher will fall off . A little practice and you can make do . Certainly not the best product , butagain , there 's really no alternative .
 It attaches at the bottom with a plastic grip that takes too much effort to attach , similar to a plastic bag , you need to peal it on and off . The worst part , it is too flimsy to hold grass while pushing . The bottom bows , and the grass is forced back onto the reels . You can see in their advertisement picture the slight bow already , it bows halfway up the catcher , pretty bad . Waste of money , wasted of shipping .
 Where do I start ? What , I do n't believe about 100-negative reviews ? This catcher WILL NOT WORK ON A SCOTTS 20 '' MOWER !!!!! It 's at least two inches too narrow , and the hardware provided has no place for attachment to the mower . Scotts probably does not market a catcher because the mower was designed to be sold without one . Now I even hate the mower . This product should be removed from any association with Scotts 20 '' Classic Mower .
 This mower has been nothing but adjustments from the start , and it still does n't cut.It takes at least two passes over any type of grass to get an even cut . On thin , tall grass it takes four to five passes.I have tried every adjustment on it including sharpening the blades and nothing helps.I 'm going to gas power mowers .
 The American Lawn Mower misses lots of grass when mowing . Instead of cutting neatly it pushes the grass over and only cuts some of it , leaving clumps of uncut grass behind . Shortly after purchasing this mower I had to buy a gas powered mower as this one just does not work . Save yourself the money and get a gas or electric powered mower .
 I was very excited to purchase this product . Wanted to `` go green '' . Did read reviews prior to purchase . Some areas of my grass are fine . There are MANY blades that are not cut and you have to go over it again -LRB- especially at the edges of the mower -RRB- . Bogs down easily on anything that is not flat , flat , flat . Any hills , divets and you may have problems . It is harder to push than I expected . I also have the problem of the bolts falling off the bottom . I do n't think it is made for my type of grass and area but could be very useful to the right person .
 This mower worked fine for a month or two for our back yard , then the handle -LRB- like , the whole top end , not just the grip -RRB- bent . The ground in our back yard is a little uneven , so I think all the bumping and jostling while pushing got to it . It cut the bluegrass in our back yard alright , but we have what I think is really beefy bermuda grass in our front yard , and this was reallllly hard to cut with the mower . We barely could get it done the first time through , then as the blade got more and more dull -LRB- we 're talking like , after 3-4 mowings , not years here -RRB- it just would n't do it.I really wanted to like it , and I like the idea of the reel mowers , but the blade on a normal mower is so much easier to sharpen ... we ended up bringing it to goodwill and getting a corded lawn mower .
 I already own a 20 inch reel mower . Because I have really thick zoysia , it tends to clog the mower . I thought buying a smaller 16 inch mower with more cutting edges would work better . In reality , the mower does a better job at cutting the grass , and the large rollers in the rear make the cut look even better . The problem I have is that when pushing the mower the handles fold down causing weakness . Too much of this causes the handles to finally break . The handle needs to be a loop in order to withstand the constant pushing .
 I do n't know what I could possibly be doing wrong , considering all the mostly favorable reviews for this mower . I had a really difficult time the first time I used it , but I had let the grass get too long and assumed that it would be easier next time . Well , no , not so much ! It just about kills me trying to push this thing , regardless of how much grass has or has not grown . I frankly do n't know one type of grass from another another but my lawn service told me I had bermuda , which was my reason for selecting this particular model . There does seem to be different types of grass in different spots , but no matter what type , this mower just wo n't go through it ! I 've adjusted the cutting height up and down and in the middle . I 've adjusted the blades until I 'm blue in the face . I 've moved the height adjustment `` bar '' on the back to the highest and lowest and everything in between.I so very much wanted this to work . I do care about the environment , and I wanted something that my grandson and I could `` bond '' over -LRB- he wanted to earn some video game money during the summer , and I thought we could do my yard together , but he ca n't push the darn thing either -RRB- , and save the money I was paying the yard service -LRB- who did a crappy job anyway -RRB- , but I 've reached the end of my tolerance with this thing , and there 's simply nothing else that I can adjust to try and make it work.As a last resort , I think I 'll put it in the driveway and run it over with my truck , and if that does n't work , put it by the curb for the trash men .
 I bought this mower for my bermuda lawn - skipping the 5 blade models for the ` bent grass ' model . It 's underperformed since day one . It 's overly sensitive to the slightest bump or dip in the yard and constantly chokes on thicker -LRB- not taller -RRB- areas.One of the wheels also seems to catch from time-to-time , as if the gear inside the wheel is n't turning.I had one of the cheap 15 '' reels and loved it - cut turf in WA and CT and even St. Augustine 's in Houston . I sold it in AZ -LRB- no lawn -RRB- and regret it . I 've stopped telling people about the merits of reel mowers - in case this is the new quality of the mowers being made .
 Warning ... I bought to use as a sprinkler hose for the side -LRB- s -RRB- of our house . Long and about 15 ` wide , completely flat too ... . We are in your average neighborhood and are on public water . Water pressure is as it should be and have no issues with any other sprinklers . With the water on to the unit and nothing else in the house turned on and using water , the unit , at full length , sprays water about 2 ' high and about 1 ' to the left and right of hose ... . That is at the side where the hose is connected , towards and at the end of the unit ... . maybe spraying 1 ' up and inches to the left and right . Unit might be ok for soaker hose when wrapped around plants , etc. but i bought it for what it is labeled for , SPRINKLER HOSE . UGH ... . Never had this problem with anything bought from amazon so I guess my only option is to return it and buy a different one or go to a local store so I am not waiting another week .
 I suppose this sprinkler hose would be OK if it is always left in one place , but I had several duties in mind for it.While the amount of spray was just perfect for the parking strips that I used it for the most , I came to dread setting it up because it is so cheap and flimsy it would very easily get into nightmarish twists . I would end up wasting a great deal of time untwisting it . I found that it is easiest way to get it untwisted was to turn the water on and just get soaking wet , but save time . Upon about the 10th use a rose thorn slashed it and it was kaput .
 These hoses are VERY FRAGILE , they tear easily . They are easily twisted and difficult to use . No matter how carefully you treat them , they do not last . We have only used them about a month . Do n't waste your money like we did !
 It 's very tough to find a decent soaker hose , at any cost . Swan is downright terrible and the company does n't respond . This hose worked well for a couple of years before splitting on the sides . It 's not used everyday . Maybe only 10 times a month during the summer and only at night for about an hour each time . The top side of the hose is very difficult to find and can only be set out during the day . The hose is very light and tends to keep twisting . Can take an hour to set up correctly . Still , it 's the best I 've found .
 I have used these hoses for about two years and have gone through about ten of them . I did n't buy all of them . Fortunately the Nursery where I buy these have been replacing them since they have a five year warranty . I set a hose up between my rose plants to water and never move them . I use an attachment to just pop on the hose and turn it on . These keep blowing holes in them . They are very delicate . I thought it would be okay not moving it but I was wrong . Looking for a quality hose now !
 Maybe the blades were too far gone , but I could not get them sharpened enough to do the job . Had to put the mower to rest . At that price , wish it had worked !
 The shaft on my lawn mower was to large for the crank handle ; I returned the product . As it turned out , it would n't have sharpened my blade very well since it was damaged by stones .
 This is like buying a pet rock . It took a few weeks to arrive . Now in hindsight , it was probably a case of the company being shocked that sombody actually was stupid enough to buy this snake oil ; in which case they had to scramble to make it -LRB- by mixing sand with blue hand cream ; throwing in a cheap tool to hand crank -RRB- . I actually attempted using this stuff and midway through suddenly felt like the boy who bought those x-ray glasses out of the back of a magazine . Save your money for a case of beer to have after mowing the lawn -LRB- with a dull reel mower -RRB- .
 Do n't waste your money , if you are handy with tools just buy valve grinding compound it works the same .
 Go to your auto parts store and get some grinding compound for a fraction of the cost.Also , for a much quicker sharpening session , remove both wheels , swap the gears so that the reel turns backwards , apply the compound , and walk the mower up and down the driveway . The backwards operation provides the backlapping to sharpen the reel and blade . Clean up the excess , and swap the gears back . Total time
 The crank did n't lock on and the compound was all dried up . Maybe I can use the cheap brush for a painting or staining project .
 I have an old Pope Hand Mower . The crank handle shaft supplied diameter is smaller & does not fit my machine , nevertheless the grinding paste is brilliant . Details of the diameter were not supplied on the Amazon Add , so in blind faith I waited , hoped and was disappointed . I still think the product is brilliant and extremely cost effective.Cheers from OZ
 Tool arrived on time and well packed , no issues with the seller . This tool was not ready to use . It appears that the tool received a very quick going over with an angle grinder on the outside 3/32 inch of the blade . After several hours of trying to clean up the grinder marks and trying to put a bevel on the blade , -LRB- forging appeared to be unworked -RRB- , I attempted to use the tool to remove vines in the yard . The tool was excellent at reaching up and pulling the vines down low enough to reach with my pruners , but it would not cut anything and the tool was rather ineffective on vines at ground level also . It appears to have good steel in the forging , however I will not spend any more time and effort in trying to get this tool in the proper condition for work . Council Tool did not reply to my email regarding the quality of this tool .
 The box says it `` attracts and kills mosquitoes , flies and other flying insects '' . I left it on for two days on a patio full of flies , and it did n't kill a single fly . Got a few gnats though .
 Get their more expensive model with light sensitive on/off switch . This model stays on all the time and the bulb is quite bright , not their black light . I would not recommend this one .
 This was a total waste of time and money . I had high hopes , because I 'm inundated by mosquitos . The thing worked for a very short time , and never attracted mosquitos . I bought the attractant and used it . One light is intermittant and the grid seems not to be electrified . A friend has had similar success . I just bought a bat house .
 I bought this to kill mosquitos . The only insects that I findare ants of which there are so many that the few that arekilled are totally meaningless . Save your money
 I live in Dallas , TX and this Flowtron is completely useless . I had previously another similar product from Stinger and it just does n't work.I do n't know if that type of products works with mosquitoes in other regions.But here it does n't catch any mosquito , and the mosquitoes just continue to attack people very aggressively . They are ignoring the product completely!I find that a product from OFF -LRB- OFF clip-on -RRB- is much more effective , although a bit more inconvenient - you have to carry them .
 Flowtron product killed tons of bugs in the 7 days it worked . After about 7 days it stopped working altogether . I sent it back free of charge after calling Flowtron but it 's taking over 10 days to get it back .
 I bought this 1/2 acre model BK-15D to replace my old 1 acre model that stopped working in my back yard . This unit can barely attract the bugs to it , and when it does it seems to struggle to zap the bugs . It seemed like it was n't working at all so I moved it to the front yard where I have another 1 acre model . The zapping nearly stopped as soon as I changed zappers . It was working but not like the larger model . I further tested it by plugging in both units and the bugs were flying through this unit to get to the bigger one . I recommend paying a few extra dollars and get the 1 acre model Flowtron-BK-40D which I would rate 5 stars .
 Do n't waste your money on this low powered unit . Not only did it not work because of a disconnected wire , ... I was able to repair , but it environmentally safe because it does n't kill bugs . Step up two the dual tube # 80 ... it is definitely worth the extra money .
 The only insect species that these devices kill are the ones you do n't need to worry about anyway . Mosquitoes are attracted to carbon dioxide , among other things , NOT ULTRAVIOLET LIGHT . The manufacturers of `` bug zappers '' and similar products mislead consumers in that regard .
 I received this unit yesterday,un-boxed and installed on my post.Only one light light up and I watched the light past dark , no insects were shocked.For this product to be made in America , I 'm beyond disgusted!Now , tying to make contact with customer service for an exchange.I guess , in the mean time , flying insects will be having a party.What a way to begin Spring !
 I purchased the Flowtron BK-80D Electronic Insect Killer to give as a gift to a senior citizen who lives out in the woods . The recipient found it to be beautiful , but had no idea that it was n't working properly . The product attracted millions of insects , but never once `` zapped '' a bug . Laughing insects walked on the grid enjoying the view . I 'm hoping the company will work with us to replace the useless unit with something that functions properly .
 very dissappointed . I purchased this item for my 10 ' by 20 ' deck for mosquitos . I thought I would spring on the one that covered more acre , even though this is a tiny area . It doesn ; t keep the mosquitos away at all . It is now full of moths and I ca n't get them off the light . I read reviews and thought it would be the perfect solution for cookouts and drinks on the deck . Complete dissappointment .
 We bought it month ago , did not use it every day , but the bulb broke now . So disappointed .
 I moved my zapper in different locations -LRB- read and followed the directions -RRB- and I still had problems with mosquitos coming in my home ! My patio also had flying bugs and we have a problem with West Nile Virus Encephalitis in our area . I decided to have my lanai screened in instead .
 Save your money on this product !!! Mine worked for 2 weeks and stopped working . They sent me parts to fix it the first time , which did not correct the problem . It was then sent back to the factory which took them 3 weeks to return it . It work the same as when I sent it , meaning nothing was done.It was sent back to the manufacturer again and I requested a new unit or send me my money back . After having it for two more weeks , I called to find the status . They informed me that a new unit was going to be sent the next day . Not receiving the shipment after 8 more days , I called again and they said it was just shipped today and should arrive next week . Based on past permormance I have my doubts . Two weeks of operation and 21/2 months later , I still do not have a unit and mosquito season is over !!
 The thing is broken minutes after taking it out of the box . Before it broke , I plugged the unit into my outdoor rated GFCI outlet to test it before I bothered installing it and it emitted a light blue light -LRB- expected from instruction manual -RRB- but started `` zapping '' without any bugs touching it . I installed it , plugged it in , and it did n't work . I went through the single page of instructions included with the unit again and tried the troubleshooting suggestions and ruled out all possibilities except one , `` Starter Defective '' . The suggested correction is `` Starter Replacement by Manufacturer Required '' . I opened the top -LRB- probably voiding all warranties -RRB- and , from what I can see , there is some kind of Christmas light like fuse connected/hard wired to the bulb `` socket '' that has burned out -LRB- it 's burning out probably stopped the unexplainable arcing -RRB- . It does n't look like a DIY fix and the whole unit does n't work . I have to send the unit to the manufacturer to fix it ? Pretty disappointing . This is n't the kind of zapper Vincent Price would approve of .
 Do n't wast money on this product . Does n't work . I do n't know if it works with mosquitoes , but definetely it does not work with flies . I have plenty of flies in the garage where I have installed it , and there are no flies attracted to the light to go there and die . Waste of my time and money .
 When a bug was electrocuted , the zapper was not strong enough to pulverize the insect . They remained in the grid . I returned the unit .
 I live in Panama . I ordered this Flowtron Bug Zapper and finally received it and plugged it in , but the black light bulb would NOT light up . I bought another black light bulb and still NO light ... I could send it back , but shipping charges from Panama are SO exorbitant ... I bought another model -LRB- cheaper -RRB- , at DoIt Center and it 's working OK ...
 Maybe this works on some other kind of mosquito , but here in the DC area this had absolutely no effect at all !
 I bought this item 3 weeks ago and so far I am waiting for the first mosquito to be zapped !
 I bought this with high hopes . Right out of the box this thing was super loud but I thought maybe it would settle in . Well it did . The noise dropped off after about 3 days . But I should have returned it right away . The thing died completely just outside the return window . Total junk !
 I know we have had a lot of rain this year and that provides a spawning ground for mosquitoes , but honestly , I notice no difference in the number of mosquito bites I get with the insect killer or without it .
 This product is very effective for getting rid of bugs , but after using it for about 4 weeks I noticed that my plants that were about 6 feet away from it started wilting - almost as if they have been scorched under the sun ! For now I have turned this off , I have to find another spot to hang this lantern - away from my plants ! On the positive side - I have very few bugs .
 The bulb poped out after a few minutes of use and I can not review whether it works or not .
 Light bulbs are only good for 6 months maximum . At $ 29 + each it left me very unhappy . I had a Sears zapper for 20 years and never replaced a bulb . Otherwise the zapper worked ok . I have two other smaller Flowtron zappers that work ok except that I had to replace a bulb in less than year in one of them . In my BK-40D when it was new I had left it on 24/7 . After I replaced the bulb I just left it on at night . It did n't do any better .
 I bought this product with great hopes -LRB- thanks to many positive reviews -RRB- , alas , it does not make a noticable difference in my mosquito and other flying insect problem . I live in northern Virginia , in a relatively built up area and have a small yard , but a horrid biting insect issue . Despite getting rid of standing water pools , over 1 week with the mosquito repellent installed , the MK-15D has not made a worthwhile dent . Friend and family come over and , like me , still get horribly bit in our back yard . We placed the unit close to our patio , but away from other lights and no help . What a shame . It lights up , warms up , etc and kills a few bugs here and there . All in all , a waste of money . As such , I 'd search out whatever other limited options you can find . I know I 'm still looking .
 The only reason I am giving this item one star is that the light `` may '' attack bugs away from our patio , but it certainly does n't kill any . I have never heard a zap and never seen any evidence of a dead bug . Others seem to not have this problem , but I am currently looking for another brand .
 This light is pretty worthless . It kills lots of moths and other non-biting bugs but did n't put a dent in the mosquito or fly population . I got this as an alternative to my unreliable SkeeterVac but it does not work and is equally unreliable . The bulbs blew after 1 season . Replacement bulbs are $ 40 each plus shipping . It takes 2 . That is $ 90 for 2 bulbs and I only paid $ 80 for the whole unit . Thanks but no thanks.Unfortunately , the only thing I 've found that actually catches mosquitoes is the propane powered devices . They are all unreliable too . Skip the zappers and traps and use deet .
 i hate this product it never catch a flay it is soooooooooo bad and expensive too i got it for almost 45 dollars and i paid my money for nothing
 It works fine now , but it arrived broken and it took a lot of time and super glue to put it back together so it would work !
 I spent the money on it and the holder , but the result is far away from what I expected . Maybe my mosquitos are too small to fly on the height of the lamp ? -RRB- -RRB- looks like they hide in the grass and bite my legs ! And also it is so-so effective only during night time , dusk - no use , I have to spray myself anyway -LRB- -LRB-
 It worked for 12 days and then nothing . Have not had the time to research on how to return it .
 Well I should have listened to my first instinct and not of purchased this . I have had this on all day and all night , It has cost me hours of wasted time.I moved it literally twenty times all over in different places in my back yard . Even up high and low.Then I even hanged smelly food on the outside grits to attract all the flies that are annoying me and my pets . NOTHING WORKED !!! It literally killed only three flies in a twenty four hour period . There is nothing that I could of done that I did not try to get this to work.Not to mention the power cord is ridiculous how short it is.DO NOT LISTEN TO THE HIGH REVIEWS . DO NOT BELIEVE THEM . I AM RETURNING . And once again a company with a cheap plastic expensive product that is a piece of CRAP .
 I got my new Flowtron BK-80 out of the box today . Like other reviews stated , it 's a good idea to remove the bulbs and spray the grid with pam ; so I did that . I put the bulbs back in -LRB- which was no easy task in itself -RRB- , affixed the bulb retainers and hung the unit outside . It was up maybe 2 hours -LRB- not in the sun -RRB- and not even plugged in , when one of the bulbs exploded out the bottom of the unit , peeling back part of the bottom plastic grid . Now I have to buy new bulbs and try this again . I would have packed it right back up and seen about returning it , but I already knocked the box down and put in recycling . I may retape the box back up and return it anyway , now that I think of it ! This makes me very unhappy !
 I recently purchased the Flowtron insect killer for 1 acre , and it does not lessen the mosquito population in my yard at all ! I get bit 20 ft away from it . I hear it zap a bug once in a while , but they are moths mostly . The mosquito attracting scent paper that I stuck on the bottom does not lure them away from us people ! I want my money back ! Kathy in Colorado
 When the flowtron it arrived , the instructions indicated that the flowtron should be placed at a location away from the house ; away from people . Since I did not have an electrical feed away my house , I had to return the flowtron . Having the instructions under product information would have been helpful.This rating IS NOT based on product usage.This rating is based on the product 's description on the internet .
 What they DO NOT disclose , - is that this unit comes with a 3 inch cord IF that.After receiving and reading the instructions , you are told that this unit should be set up over 25 feet away from humans . Well , unless , you have an electrical socket 25 feet away-you are out of luck or already have an extension cord that you can use outside.We bought two of these , one for our residence and one for our business . Neither of which are working , whilst we await our new order and $ 15.00 per unit extension cords - Read
 This zapper only lasted about 3 months -LRB- worked great for 3 months -RRB- do n't waste your money on this product , because you 'll have to buy another zapper after it breaks down
 Whoever said mosquitos are n't attracted to light !? They swarm this thing and pop like popcorn ! It 's 99 % mosquitos , too . I 'm somebody who will stop to help a daddy longlegs out of the bathtub but when it comes to mosquitos , oh man , FRY ! I cleaned it yesterday evening and last night it rained . The inner bars are caked with mosquitos and I 'll have to clean it again today.I 've only had it a week so I ca n't talk about longevity or the cost of replacement bulbs . It is constructed of cheapo plastic , the inflexible kind like they use on toy models . I ca n't believe how thin and cheap are the doors that hold in the bulbs that have to be removed each time it 's cleaned.Some have written about cutting away bars to allow larger bugs in . I 'm probably going get some kind of mesh to wrap around it to keep the larger bugs out - it allows in large , colorful moths - I just want those mosquitos!edit - would have been good , stopped working after a couple weeks .
 This product worked for about 2 weeks . While it worked it did what it was supposed to . After two weeks it would not turn on at all . I emailed Flowtron customer support . After 1 week they finally replied . They stated that they believed the transformer was inop and asked if I could replace it myself . They said they would ship the part to me . I replied back saying that I could replace the part , gave them my address , and attached my receipt for purchasing the product . That was on October 5th , 20 days ago . I have not received any other response nor have I received the part . It 's 2010 wake up and get decent customer service . Another junk company .
 The box says it works for flies , but in our yard flies seem to complete ignore it . It kills moths -LRB- hmm , moths are attracted to light , who knew ? -RRB- But our issue is backyard flies -LRB- both tiny ones and middle-size -RRB- from god-knows-where and they seem to ignore this device , day or night .
 Based on all the reviews of this product I recently bought this bug zapper . Earlier I had bought Stinger from HomeDepot . That did not work at all . So I returned the Stinger and bought this one instead.But it has not helped the situation . We live in Central TX and there are lot of mosquitos -LRB- especially from green belt -RRB- . This zapper zaps a lot of stuff but not a whole lot of mosquitos . I am not impressed at all .
 I have used this for less than a month . A few things to consider if you buy this.a . It sure does attract bugs ... mostly moths . Not sure if it caught too many mosquitoes . They fly around it , but I do not see them going into it.b . The chemical strip on the bottom is not too secure , so I daily have to go out and check if it is still attached and has not fallen to the ground where my dogs can get ahold of it . I 'd be concerned with this . Their design is very poorly thought out.c . Tonight it zapped something for like 3 minutes straight and I went out to see what it caught . It was just another moth . As it was zapping it , you could see it sparking . I had to unplug it because it actually stared to catch fire . When I pulled it down , you can see the * multiple * burned marks on the several of the strands of wire on the cage . -LRB- Apparently it had sparked before and I was not around to notice it -RRB- THIS IS DANGEROUS ! I am so grateful I happened to be home and had the windows open so I could hear it going off and pull it before it caught the house on fire .
 This insect killer worked fine , that is , it attracted Mosquitos and killed them , bot only during the first evening of use . Apparently the electrical grid failed . As always , I was able to return it to amazon and received a full refund .
 Did not work . Returned it . Only worked at night and killed moths . Bought it to kill flies . Sorry , but it did look good .
 This flowtron bk insect killer , does n't work.I have small yard and still have mosquitos everywhere.Try something diferent , is waste your money.Flowtron BK-15D Electronic Insect Killer , 1/2 Acre Coverage
 I recently read most of the reviews on the Flowtron Bk-80D product . I was so excited to read how most of the 700 + folks were so happy with this product for killing outdoor flying bugs and mosquitos . Since I am a true mosquito magnet I thought this would be the answer to my prayers . We live in the Florida Keys and mosquitos are an issue all year round . I hate sitting out by our dock around 5p - 7p because the mosquitos are relentless . Short of lighting citronella candles , spraying ourselves with mosquito repellant , thought this would be perfect . Well I must say it has zapped just about every type of flying pest but it gets very , very few mosquitos . I have placed the zapper in different spots , left it on at different times , etc but guess what - the mosquitos did not get the memo that should be attracted to the blue light . Even with the mosquito attractant octenol , nothing much . So I am very disappointed and probably out $ 70 too . Plus my husband told me I was wasting my money but I argued with him and said , `` wow - look at all the great reviews this product got ! '' Well unfortunately I should have read between the lines and realized killing flying pesky bugs did not necessarily mean mosquitos . I would give it a 1 but gave it a 2 rating because it did attract flying bugs.Flowtron BK-80D 80-Watt Electronic Insect Killer , 1-1/2 Acre Coverage
 After having read several favorable reviews about the Flowtron BK-40D I made the purchase . Too late did I find additional reviews citing the fact that mosquitos are not attracted to UV light alone . Even with the -LRB- costly -RRB- mosquito `` attractant '' installed , the unit was ineffective in drawing mosquitos to their destruction.To it 's credit the Flowtron BK-40D is very successful in eliminating a variety of insects . Unfortunately mosquitos are not among them -- and that is the `` deal breaker '' for me .
 I 'm willing to admit that this may apply only to the one I received , but when the Flowtron arrived it was damaged -LRB- only one bulb lit up -RRB- . Following the instructions in the box , I called the manufacturer , who was very helpful , called me back right away , and send out a replacement bulb for the one that was defective . Even after replacing the bulb , however , the unit did n't `` zap '' -- suggesting that there was an additional problem with the transformer powering the electric coil . At this point I shipped it back to amazon , who refunded my purchase and shipping costs . The woman at the manufacturer was surprised that amazon shipped the product in its flimsy shelf box and without further packaging , which may explain why it was defective when it arrived . Would try another one , but I 'll find one locally in a store rather than having to deal with shipping back and forth if it 's defective again .
 ... then went belly up . I tried the bulb in an old zapper and it worked fine so the bulb circuit in the unit is dead . Now I 'm out $ 14.52 to ship -LRB- UPS -RRB- the darn thing cross country for repair . Hope they get it turned around quickly or I 'll have to give it a one . Guess I 'm disappointed after seeing all the good reviews . Wishing now that I bought it locally .
 This product has an electric cord about as long as my index finger , and the mosquito repellent stick on the bottom packs you are suppose to stick on the bottom of these zappers will not stay there . They keep falling off . There needs to be a compartment or a small latch of some kind to hold these in place . For that matter they want $ 35.00 for a few of these things . The zapper itself only cost $ 49.00 . Do n't bother with this . Buy some bug spray ! BK-40D Flowtron Electronic Bug Killer -- NO
 Waste of money on this thing . I purchased this with high hopes . After receiving it I imediately hung it up about 6-8 feet high as recommended beside my deck . I have left it on 24-7 for 4 straight days/nights and it has yet to kill one bug . I do n't know how you determine if it is defective or not . All I know is that is has been on -LRB- the light is on -RRB- continuesly for 4 days and not one bug killed . Very disapointed in this item .
 I read all the various reviews about similar priced products then purchased this one through Amazon . The unit worked great for about one week - it zapped everything in sight , large and small . Provided great entertainment for the kids , then it just died ! The light continued to work , attracting all the bugs , just did n't zap-em any more . Tried a `` stinger ' last year , that also only lasted about three weeks .
 I had this unit up less than one week and had to take down because it quit working.The grid would n't charge up and one of the bulbs was n't working.I have since sent back to the manufacturer for repairs at my expence.It has been gone a couple weeks now.If it does n't last any longer this time I want send it back because the shipping is so high .
 I 've had this unit for over a week and it has n't killed a single house fly yet - only little butterflies :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- I 'm definetely returning it .
 We bought this , ran it for a week , and saw no reduction at all in the mosquito population . Luckily Amazon gave us a refund !
 I purchased this unit based on the large number of people giving rave reviews . Sad to say , that I 've owned this unit for 31 days -LRB- how convenient -RRB- and now neither bulb will light up . The first stopped working two days ago , and now both bulbs are non-functional . Needless to say , I will not be purchasing anything from Flowtron in the future . What a scam .
 Mosquitoes are focusing on human body and have the tendency to stay away from the trap ... on the other hand we are catching all kind of insects . I feel that I am taking the dinner away from the bats and other predators.The company should create new look , new scent or new color to outsmart these most disturbing insects .
 Just received . The seller was fine and shipped promptly . The product has a ridiculous design . While the bug zapper seems to work fine , it only has an electrical cord that is 10 '' long . Plugging in another extension cord will make an unsightly effect on the patio pergola . Plan to buy a good and matching extension cord if you do n't want ugly !
 Buy purchasing the 15D model instead of the 30D or 40D models , I thought that I was getting a rather small zapper . It turns out that this 15D model is surprisingly very large . Too large to fit ontop of a drawer sitting by your bed . It is designed large for OUTDOOR use.Another very bad thing about this zapper is that the electric cord is only about 10 inches long !!! So it will be MANDATORY for you to have/purchase a seperate 12 foot extension cord .
 I bought 2 of these and put one at a place of business and the other at a lake house . They did not work at all . If bugs happened to come by it they were killed but it did not attract the way the description reads . I would never consider buying them again and feel I wasted a lot of money .
 This product is useless . killed 3 flying insect -LRB- yup i counted -RRB- on the first day and that was that.just returned mine for a refund.DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!!!!!!!!!
 After we put this up , it attracted about 1/2 dozen moths after 3 days . Our pretty little candles in the house worked better !
 I purchased this item a few weeks ago to mainly kill fly 's . It seemed that this was n't happening as there were fly 's still around and no evidence of fly 's being killed . At night there would be a lot of flying bugs getting zapped though the noise would make you jump every time . It scared my Labrador Retriever to the extent she would not go outside after dark . The final straw happened when a young squirrel laid dead underneath it with no marks on it at all , I could only figure that it had got zapped . I finally switched it off and hung-up some zip lock bags with water inside , now there are no fly 's and no interference with the ecology of our garden .
 i need a item which can be used inside . . but it does not write in the web ... oh my god . i want to change
 If you are buying this product to reduce mosquitoes or other biting bugs , you will be disappointed to learn that all UV bug zappers are completely useless for this purpose . -LSB- ... -RSB- In fact you are killing many ecologically friendly bugs that never bother human beings in the first place . Bug zappers are a gimmick for backyard entertainment only and are not a real tool for annoying insect reduction .
 I live in a heavily wooded suburban area in the suburbs of Philadelphia . In the summer , the mosquitos are so bad that you ca n't even sit outside during the day . My dog spends a lot of time in the backyard in the summer , and due to his health issues -LRB- and my own -RRB- , I did n't want to use any chemicals to try to help with the mosquito problem . Thus , I tried this device.Some important points ... it does n't have an On/Off button . As soon as you plug it in , it 's on . It does n't have a daylight sensor - it 's on all of the time . This was problematic as I had to plug it in at dusk and then unplug it in the morning.Also , it is recommended that you do not leave this out in heavy rainfall . Again , this forced me to take it down and put it in the garage if it was going to rain that day which was also inconvenient . I could have solved this issue by moving it to another location which was covered , but due to the other issues with the product , I never got around to it.At night , the light is VERY BRIGHT . As if someone had a porch light on ! The light is bright blue in color.Within a few minutes of turning it on , I heard some zaps . Yahoo , I thought ! Kill all of those mosquitos ! But , unfortunately , it only ever killed moths - I did n't see one single mosquito . Now , this could be because they were vaporized - not sure . But , in the two weeks that I had it running all night , every night , it made absolutely no difference in my mosquito population in my backyard . To be fair , they suggest that you use this for months and that next season , you should see a difference . Based on the issues noted above , I was n't willing to dedicate that effort and took it down . I should have returned it - not sure why I did n't . In summary , I was not happy with the performance of this product and have stopped using it .
 Very disappointing . I have seen no effect on the mosquito population since I have been using this lamp . They are still everywhere , and seem to entirely ignore the lamp . Perhaps one or two have flown into it by accident , but the lamp certainly does not attract or kill them in meaningful numbers . Do n't waste your money .
 Flowtron Model BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer -LRB- One Acre Coverage -RRB- There are 3 things one needs to look for in a bug zapper , not two . Bulb life is one.The Flowtron BK-40D I got from Amazon worked fine for about 5 months of continuous service . The starter and bulb both went out at that time . I had only owned it for 10 months and put into service in the spring . -LRB- bought 12/08 , put out 3/09 , bulb failed 8/09 . Flowtron customer service said the bulbs are not warranted . They have an expected continuous life of about 5 months , in my experience.Flowtron is only marginally better than the Stinger -LRB- Stinger bulbs are rated for 1200 hours , or 40-50 days . But Stinger will replace the unit if there is a grid failure.Both bulb replacements are $ 20-30 , almost the cost of a new unit.I have not found a good zapper yet , these days.I suppose both companies are making their profits on new bulbs , sorta like the old Polaroid cameras.I have junked both brands and am looking for a better one.TerryUPDATE -LRB- December 09 -RRB- ... Flowtron DID send a replacement Zapper , ... a couple of months after I returned the faulty product -LRB- bad bulb -RRB- at my expense -LRB- $ 13 -RRB- . We will see . No bugs now , so is turned off . . TerryUPDATE -LRB- May 2010 -RRB- . . My New Flowtron was put back out on March 15 , 2010 . It died today , May 17 , 2010 . Bulb went out . -LRB- you can tell by the black burnt area , like flourescent bulbs -RRB- . 2 months service on a $ 40 product is not acceptible usage for me.Bad product.Terry
 BUYER BEWARE
 That 's what I want to know . Does it zap bugs , well yes . However if you 're buying this to reduce the bug population in your yard , that it will NOT do . I gave it two stars because it did kill things , but mosquitoes were not one of them . It also caused our red ant problem to get worst as they were getting a free lunch with the dead bugs falling from the trap . All in all it mostly kill ladybugs , moths , gnats , and flying ants . In the 3 days I had it set-up it may have kill 3 mosquitoes -LRB- that I could identify -RRB- . That was with the scent lure attached . No flies or other biting bugs . Our backyard still belongs to them . It may help to know that I live in south Louisiana , and the humid conditions could have reduced this items ' effectiveness .
 After using this product for 6 months one of the light bulbs stopped working . I ordered a new light bulb but this did not solve the problem . I called and e-mailed customer service at Flowtron several times but I never got a response . Flowtron advertises a two year warranty , but they will not follow through on their warranty . Flowtron has poor product support and customer service .
 Shorted out in the first moderate rain shower . A waste of time and money .
 I never really got to enjoy this product , as it broke in less than a week . Before it broke , we found it difficult to install , mainly for the reasons noted in other reviews
 As long as it is working , the bugs zap constantly . However , I have had it a little over a year and have had to replace the bulbs , replace the starters -LRB- have to be shipped , under warranty , from the factory -RRB- , and now the wiring has failed and I have to ship it back -LRB- at my cost -RRB- for them to repair under warranty . Not the best deal for the price . The reviews for it were great , which is why I bought it . However , over time these units do not hold up .
 I purchased this product on the recommendation from a friend . I was under the impression that it would help control mosquitos . That has not been the case . I have been disappointed with the insect killer in the control of our mosquitos .
 TThis is an excellent product if you want to kill moths and other bigger bugs . however it usually the ones that bite that u want to kill such as mosquitoes and i noticed no effects on the little blood suckers . there is still just as many . its disappointing ...
 The item works as far as killing mosquitos . I live next to a stream and there was a significant reduction in bugs around my home . However after two weeks the zapper stopped working , and since it is Amazon , it is such a pain to return things so I just ate $ 70.00 . Skip it not worth the expense.Update
 Did a pretty good job while it worked , but almost exactly one year after putting it up , the unit failed .
 The Flowtron unit arrived broken and had to be sent to the manufacturer for repair . After two weeks , I received the repaired unit and placed it into service . So far it has zapped lots on light seeking bugs -LRB- i.e. , moths -RRB- but I have n't seen any noticeable decrease in the mosquito and gnat population . It has been operational for 10 days and has two Octenol strips attached to the bottom of it.At this point , I would n't recommend this device to anyone seeking relief from mosquitoes . However , if you enjoy the sights and sounds of bugs being zapped ... it would be highly recommended .
 I bought this a couple months ago because of the good reviews it had on Amazon . However I have n't had any luck with it . At night time I see moths and stuff swarming around it and occasionally getting fried , but I have n't noticed any mosquitoes getting zapped . I know they are out there though because I get bit after about 3 minutes outside without bug spray on . Maybe this product works for other localities of mosquitoes , but I live in Houston and it does n't attract the type of mosquitoes that we have here .
 After reading all of the great reviews this product received , I decided to purchase this unit . It hardly made a dent in our mosquito population . I removed all standing water and purchased the attractant along with it -LRB- if you do not use attractant it will not kill mosquitoes -RRB- . I have owned the unit for 6 or 8 weeks now and we still have tons of mosquitoes to put up with . If I had the option to do it over ... I would buy a different product.side note
 Maybe this works on some other kind of mosquito , but here in the DC area this had absolutely no effect at all !
 I live on a lake in Michigan and at night time we have a significant bug problem - not just mosquitoes , but lots of flying bugs . I went to the local big box stores and saw what they had to offer , and all of their products had poor reviews . I got this Flowtron and it has just been a killing machine.There are all sorts of bugs in there from mosquitos to moths to lady bugs , etc. . It seems to be very effective . I simply put it on a timer and run it every night.The only reason why this does n't get 5 stars is because it does actually clog . I do n't know if it is just the overwhelming number of bugs it is killing or what - but I had to clean it the first few nights as to not have any potential fire hazards.Just to show you how effective this thing is - here is how many bugs it killed in the first night . Remember a lot of these bugs are TINY but they add up ! -LSB- ... -RSB- UPDATE
 While it does kill mosquitos , it barely makes a dent in the mosquito population - I still get swarmed when I go outside . I following the directions exactly and tried different locations . The bottom line is the mosquitos are still so thick , it does n't matter that the Flowtron killed a lot .
 I read all of the reviews for the Flowtron insect killer and ordered one . It arrived last evening and I unpacked and set it up this afternoon . I was awarded with a nice looking blue glow which lasted 15 minutes until the bulb burned out . Rather that open the new bulb I ordered at the same time because they were going out of stock I am returning it to Amazon as well as the Flowtron . To bad I am having to `` eat '' six extra mesquito attractants at $ 35 dollars because they are to `` hazardous '' to return . Funny they were shipped to me by Amazon OK ... . Anyway . Buyers beware ... I never heard a single bug fry during the 15 minutes of operation by my Flowtron ... Tom T.
 I use Amazon 's reviews religiously to do research before buying anything and 80 % of the time it 's accurate . This time we bought this with lots of excited anticipation as we were getting eaten alive in Tokyo . It was great for less than a year . Then it broke down . I thought it was the bulb that was bad . We bought new bulbs . Did n't work . Then shortly thereafter the electric grid stopped working . We needed a starter part and wrote to customer service . They were at first very responsive , but after telling them we lived in Japan and wanted the part sent -LRB- as it was still under warranty -RRB- , radio silence . I kept emailing , even offering for them to mail to a US address and having our friends bring to us here in Japan , but nada . My husband -LRB- an engineer -RRB- opened up the light to try and fix himself and saw that it was cheaply and poorly constructed almost like an elementary school science project . Now we have a piece of junk hanging in the backyard . Cheap stuff for the price and terrible customer service . Do n't waste your money on this brand , get something else !!
 I just opened the Bug Zapper and one side was broken in the Box . It is completely non-functioning . I ordered it in July and waited until our mosquito time in August to open it and missed the return date by 3 days . I have no way to contact them with a complaint , so I simply have to take the loss . PLEASE if you order this frail , shoddy item check the contents immediately !!!!
 This trap is very annoying . Unless you like the sound of sizzling bugs or the smell of burning insects , I 'd try a different type of solution . I recently trashed my old-school zapper and bought a Nile 2000 mosquito trap that uses UV light , CO2 , and heat to attract mosquitoes and then silently suck them down into a catch basin with a small fan . The bugs just dry out and die in the basin since they ca n't get out . I had to empty my catch basin 3 times in the first week and caught thousands of mosquitoes . My Nile 2000 trap has made a huge difference in my yard and I can actually sit on my patio without the sound and smell of burning bugs .
 Fist of all , they could add about 4 more foot on the AC cord , Never see anyone only have a 11/2 cord.Looks very cheaply made . Only 2 little screws to hold all the weight of this unit . The hanging ring is not solid , Had to weld the ring together so it wo n't let go in a strong wind.Could of use a On/Off switch on it too .
 I spent the money on it and the holder , but the result is far away from what I expected . Maybe my mosquitos are too small to fly on the height of the lamp ? -RRB- -RRB- looks like they hide in the grass and bite my legs ! And also it is so-so effective only during night time , dusk - no use , I have to spray myself anyway -LRB- -LRB-
 I live in Florida and I think this Insect Killer must to have some kind of roof above it , because after just one week with regular rain it stops working . Also , while it was working , it only killed big flying bugs , not mosquitoes
 I live in Michigan and tried this product BK-15D for about week - outside and inside of house . I returned this one last night.This one lures and kills a lot of moss and other insects , but not mosquitos.Even with chemical attachment on the bottom , it does not lure mosquitos much.I tested this product on white outdoor table and actually pictures to count how many mosquitos vs other insect . The ratio is almost about 1:30 . Yes , I found one dead mosquito out of other 30 dead insect bodies.I do not recommend this product for those looking for to kill mosquitos.Do study and find the face that UV does not lure mosquito .
 Oh the joys of watching bugs large and small fly into their quick electric death.At first the family would gather around and watch the carnage . We would call over the neighbors and take pictures for Grandma and Poppi . However this joy was short lived . Within a couple of months of buying this killing machine it stopped working . I did not notice at first , it was not until my little girl came to me and said , `` Daddy the zapper is not zapping , I want to see it kill ... '' . After an initial investigation and noticing that we did not have the normal pile of the bugs we would normal have , and the familiar sound of ZAPPPCrack !! was missing we were devastated by the fact that the Flowtron BK-40DFlowtron BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer , 1 Acre Coveragewas a victim of Karma or just poor manufacturing quality.I can not recommend a product that does not last more than a couple of months - Do not buy this product find one that will work and give you years of bug killing excitement - to the people at Flowtron
 It only worked for a couple of hours -LRB- however seemed to work for mentioned short time -RRB- . Shipped it to the Caribbean ; warranty is something I can forget .
 The item came damaged ! the bottom hinged plastic attachment to the screw was broken.otherwise did n't seem to be too effective after 4 or 5 days .
 The product seems pretty solid but after daily use of 3 months the bulb burned out . Now it 's just hanging there collecting dust .
 I brought this product for my greenhouse -LRB- 25 feet -RRB- and the product does n't work . Stilled have flies flying around in the greenhouse .
 This little zapper zapped its way out as soon as I connected it ! Maybe some kind of malfunction ? Sorry , it did not work out for me . I do n't know how long I have to return it and get a new one ... I will check with the seller .
 Unlike the previous reviewer , we have not found the Flowtron to be helpful with our mosquito problem at all . Seems like it keeps some other kinds of bugs -- moths , flies , gnats -- at bay , but we are still getting bitten terribly even after using the device for a couple of weeks -LRB- with the mosquito `` bait '' -RRB- . We 're going to try changing locations , etc. , but so far it 's a real disappointment .
 Seen these bug zappers around and thought it was time to buy one to help zap mosquitos and bugs in back yard and patio area . Read reviews and even though there were considerable NEGATIVE reviews , decided I 'd take my chances on one anyway since the alternative to doing nothing but keeping mosquitos was not an option.Unit received in good coindition and put on patio on Friday night . Saturday morning there were a pile of dead bugs under the unit ; HOWEVER one of the two UV bulbs was out . I followed the instructions NOT TO SEND IT BACK , but to call the compnay first , so come Monday -LRB- they are closed on Sat/Sun -RRB- , I called the manufacturer.Call went to voice mail , hung up and tried an hour later . Call went to voice mail so left message . About 3 hours alter got call back asking me to open the unit up and check the two small glass tubes -LRB- they called them starters -RRB- and see if either one was black . They also asked me to allow a drop of water to drip on the grid -LRB- while plugged in -RRB- to see if the grids were still working.Monday nite I took the unit apart and followed their instructions . One of the glass tubes `` starter '' was black and unit did pop when hit with drop of water . The next morning I called and left another message for them to call me back . Waited till noon , no call . Called factory back and left ANOTHER message on their answering machine . About an hour later received call from lady at factory . Told her the past history and one of the small glass tubes -LRB- looks like an old style neon bulb -RRB- was blackThe factory lady asked where I bought the unit . Told her amazon , and she replied that before she would send the part I needed to FAX her a copy of the invoice from amazon , afterwhich she would mail me out the part -LRB- the postage probably costs them more than this pencil eraser sized bulb -RRB- . As I told the factory customer service lady , `` I didnt buy this device to be a factory repairman '' , `` I bought it to hang up and work '' . So much for FLOWTRON . They should know they have an issue with this part since all the negative reviews have the same story ; Doesnt Flowtron have a QC department ? Why dont they resolve this issue and sell a quality product ? What a same . -LRB- Hope their President reads these complaints and makes some changes -RRB- . So , bottom line , this one is going back to Amazon -LRB- sorry amazon , it 's not your fault , but , thank you for being the greatest store in the world -RRB- . .
 I was trying to find a cheaper way to kill mosquitos than using a CO2 device . I was reading about the science behind these types of insect killers -LRB- UV plus octonel -RRB- , and the articles I read said that they would work well to kill other insects , but not mosquitos . This has exactly been the case with mine . It will kill a lot of flying insects , but wo n't touch mosquitos . I 've tried suspending it right above water , put it at different heights and locations in the yard , and mosquitos wo n't go near it . I put a sheet under this thing to see what it will kill and it will kill plenty of flying critters , but not mosquitos . The problem is the other flying insects do n't bother me and some of them may actually kill mosquitos as well . Overall this product has been a complete failure with regard to the reason I bought it .
 i would like to believe all the good reviews about the bk40d , but it makes me wonder whether the mosquitos here in suriname , south america , are different from those in the states.i even ordered a second one along with replacement bulbs directly from the manufacturer , to try to protect my family from mosquitos on a patio of aprox 180 sq.metres . i am really disappointed because the manufacturer did not specify the climate zones , in which this device is to be used.yes , i need to say that there is an occasional , popping sound , so some mosquitos get attracted but i am absolutely still bitten a lot by mosquitosSo this device is absolutely useless for meThe two stars are for the way it is designed , it looks sturdy and above all safe for small children and pets . It is easy to install . it 's just a pity that is does n't work
 We purchased this item due to the great reviews , however we have had it less than one month and it no longer works.It worked great the first 3 weeks , then the light went white and it no longer takes care of the insects . Quite expensive for a yard light , which is all it is good for at this time .
 Worked great to keep the flies away but product life is next to none ! This is our second unit because the first one -LRB- same exact unit -RRB- stopped working -LRB- no lights -RRB- after less than 2 weeks of use . Now , after less than 30 days of use , the light is out again . I would return the product to request a refund or a replacement with a longer life product but my cleaner threw away the box without me knowing . Expensive amount for around 6 weeks of use ! Now I have to search for an alternative ; - -LRB-
 The wires are pretty far apart and it only seems to kill larger insects , not the mosquitoes I was hoping it would .
 After reading the glowing reviews on the Flowtron Insect Killer I was so sure it would work that I threw away the box and plugged it in . It worked for three days and died . When I say it worked , I mean it lit up and made a humming sound but it never killed even one insect , fly or bug . Never so disappointed .
 Plugged it in and it worked great for about 4 weeks . Then it died after about a month of use . Wo n't even turn on .
 This product simply does not work . It will attract mosquitoes to your yard , but they will then be drawn to your body instead of the bug zapper , and other bugs -LRB- which should not be killed -RRB- will be the ones you hear getting zapped . Do n't take my word for it , read the study reported Science Daily
 This device kills light attracted insects . MOSQUITOES ARE NOT ATTRACTED TO LIGHT . DEER FLIES ARE NOT ATTRACTED TO LIGHT.These devices have been shown to significantly reduce populations of beneficial pollinating insects . You can find a summary of the research inScience News Online , april 22 , 2000 . If you want something that works , try one of the CO2 emitting devices . That 's what biting flies are attracted to .
 We got our Flowtron about two years ago and its already dead.It was good while it lasted but compared to the 20 something year old bug zapper we had before it , a two year life span was extremely dissapointing .
 Very poorly constructed , arrived with broken bulb . Amazon Supervisor assistance was required for return . The second item was terrible as well . I rebuilt it myself and will not purchase another , manufacturer was unpleasant when I telephoned for assistance .
 I used this for three months in 2011 . Caught lots of bugs , but I felt no change in the number of biting mosquitos in my yard . After leaving it in storage over the winter , plugged it in this past month . Lights came on , but did n't catch a single bug . I checked the voltage on the grids and it was 0 . This is a poor product and the only reason it did n't get 1 star is because it caught lots of bugs that first year .
 We have a housefly problem in our backyard and were desperate to make our picnic table useful . Reading all the good reviews made me have hope . The problem is not that it does n't zap the flies . Its that the flies never go into it . I put some food to attract them , but they would rather just eat the food we had a few inches away on the table . I was under the impression that flies would be attracted to it . This is not the case .
 Stopped working the second time I plugged it in ... It 's got a short in the wiring somewhere . . Missed the return window by a week because I did n't get it hung up for 2 weeks after I got it . . 1st time I used it , it worked great , 2nd time I went to use it , it had stopped working ... Nothing is built to last anymore ... It 's junk ...
 It killed quite a lot of harmless bugs but not many biting mosquitoes . I was quite disappointed . Do some reading about the effectiveness of the technology and stay away .
 I live near properties with horses so there are lots of flies . To my disappointment , I found Flowtron BK-15D Electronic Insect Killer , 1/2-Acre only done half of the job . it killed small bugs but not flies . it zapped the flies and the flies fell down but stung only and eventually came back to life and flew away . This one went back to Amazon
 Plugged it in and iit does n't work?wish had just bought one from a retail store at least return would n't have been painful .
 Was skeptical about claims for effectiveness against mosquitos , but had high hopes for this product , based on choices of size/price and overwhelmingly positive Amazon user reviews . Unfortunately , we found it really did n't seem to do anything more/less than a traditional bug zapper , even with attractant - i.e. , just randomly zapped bugs who entered . It certainly did not have any measurable impact on our primary target - mosquitos , and this was in a small , 50x50 courtyard area . Also be aware that the light is bright , and clashes with other landscape/mood lighting - noise/light could be issue for close quarters neighbors . Quality/design/operation of product for price is fine ... just baffled how so many others users rave about eliminating mosquitos - must be a breed not native to NC ! Still looking for cost-effective and environmentally/kid-friendly mosquito control method , but in meantime , rely on using Cutter backyard bug spray on regular basis . That product works very well .
 Received this product with a bad starter . I ordered a new bulb at first but it still did not work . I had to order a new starter and that fixed the problem . Good product but not worth the hassle .
 I purchased this product under the assumption that it would zap normal house fly 's . Unfortunately , it did not . I wanted to zap the fly 's that hang around my patio when I BBQ . I placed it within 2 feet of the fly 's and the fly 's did not fly towards it or near it therefore , not being killed.I am sure it works great for misquitos but not fly 's .
 I was excited to receive the Flowtron since we 've had problems of moths and other insects getting into our home at night . Purchased a special cord to install the insect killer finally was ready to set it up . Plug it in an nothing it never came on . Tried direct plug in still nothing . Called the company they said to box it back up and to put a certain number on the box UPS would be picking it up . Which they did but I still do n't have my Flowtron back .
 i order 2 of these flowtron i have a 1 acre and they were great until 2 weeks later one of them lite up but the grid screen was not working . i thought by the look of this product it was better than the one i bought at walmart . if i had a chose again i wouldnt have bought this product because amazon wouldnt take it back it past the rreturn time and i have to deal with flowtron . thanks bought may 23 , 2011
 These work great to ATTRACT the insects . But the zappers fail quicklythey worked wonderful for about 1/2 hour , but then they clogged up and stopped zapping completely . I bought 2 and will be sending them both back .
 Saw the good reviews on this item and bought it , but in NW Montana it turned out to be quite ineffective . Very small radius - like about 10 ft. Very limited efficacy . Poor choice in this region .
 Bought this in June 2010 - uses only a few times . Of course it worked when we used it . Just hung it this year -LRB- April 2011 -RRB- - it was stored in original box for the winter indoors . Yesterday the top pf the unit detached from the zapper causing it to crash onto the patio . The flowtron company will not pay to return it . I am throwing it out and buying another brand . It was great for the couple of months in 2010 that it did work . My husband and I noticed that on either side of the top of the unit - where the screws are , that there was a crack on both sides ... hmmm , manufacture defect ? Yet they want ME to pay the return shipping ! Dont think so ! This is in no way a reflection on the seller from amazon - just the flowtron company itself .
 I live in FL and have a mosquito problem . I bought this after reading all the positive reviews for mosquito control . I knew better , all studies show this technology is not really effective for biting insects ... I tried over several nights leaving the units on for several hours around dusk . It killed a lot of insects , but only a handful of mosquitoes.Now I need to buy what I should have in the first place , a mosquito magnet or mosquito deleto .
 THIS IS A PIECE OF **** -LRB- FILL IN THE BLANKS -RRB- the product worked GREAT until a rain storm when the ` starter bulb ' -LRB- fuse -RRB- burned out !! now FLOWTRON will not HONOR their TWO YEAR `` Limited '' Warranty . the unit is just two months old . had to purchase a new starter bulb @ $ 2.32 plus $ 8.95 shipping . the unit is not wired together safely - they just use tape not wire nut or other approved electrical code or common sense to connect the electrical connections - just fiber glass reenforced tape , not electrical tape !!!! just repurchase their products & not to worry about their TWO YEAR WARRANTY !!!!!
 This should not be called an insect killer . Maybe its a mosquito-ONLY killer . I do n't know . I do n't have many mosquitoes . What I do have are flies . I hung this machine about 2 inches over a fly ridden trash ... I mean like around 50-100 flies and none of them got zapped . They would land on the outside and the rims , but I think the Flowtron made to much of a vibration and noise for them to want to land . I 'm not a fly . I do n't know why they wo n't land . This thing simply does not kill flies . A TOTAL AND UTTER WASTE OF MY HARD BORROWED MONEY .
 After testing inside to see if my new Flowtron worked , I hung it up outside later that night and plugged it in again . No problems , and the bugs started to get zapped . Great , problem solved I thought and unplugged it and went to bed . The next night I plugged it in again and nothing happened . I unplugged it and plugged it back in many times ... nothing . I checked the power source which was fine . I brought it back inside , and took the bulb out , put it back in and have tried it several different times again and it still wo n't work . So in total , it worked a total of 3 to 5 minutes before it broke .
 this thing does not work at all . I tried to return it , but the return day limit is 15 days not 30 days -LRB- i dont know why -RRB- ... did not notice that ... and right now , the whole head part is disconnected from the body of the light ... totally not worth buying ...
 We ordered this product with the hope that it would decrease the mosquitoes in our wooded yard . We read the instructions and plugged in the product . It only worked for an hour ! We are so disappointed !!
 We bought this because of good reviews and one bad one . Someone claimed the openings were not large enough to get big moths - for us that was a plus as we only wanted to zap mosquitoes . Well , it does kill small moths and maybe mosquitoes . I do n't see any mosquitoes stuck to the electrodes . Nor after about 4 weeks have we noticed a decline in our mosquito population . Area is not the issue as our back yard is far smaller than the area this device is advertised to cover . In fact , several of our neighbors should be mosquito free also - since they are never outside , they would n't know . Nor do we have a pond or standing water . Just a small garden beyond or mini deck . As much as we hate chemicals , we have the deet spray handy for sitting on the deck .
 We 've just received the Flowtron 40D and without taking it out of the box have decided that it will not work for us . Normally returns on Amazon are easy but this product is apparently considered `` hazardous and dangerous '' and therefore not returnable to Amazon . Buyer beware
 It did NOT appear to help with my fly situation at all . I took it to my son 's , and it did great with mosquitoes and moths in the evenings .
 I 've been using this product for about two weeks . -LRB- daytime & nights -RRB- It has not killed a bug yet !! I even placed a ground cover under the light to see if it was killing bugs , and I just was n't seeing any of their corpses . Nothing ! Not a one ... . I followed the instructions to the letter . Big waste of money ! My friend has the same unit , and his works just fine . But , he did n't get his from amazon ... . You do the math.P.S . It does provide nice outdoor lighting so you can see the bugs before they bite you
 Unit worked for 2 hours , then the bas clogged and works o nly fair . cleaning did not help as bug debris stuck to metal doesnt remove well.Maybe with daily washing with soap would make it useful , but why is that necessaery?Not again .
 I purchased this piece of junk about a year and a half ago . For a variety of reasons , I did not unpack it until about a week ago , 8/1/09 . I hooked it up and hoped it would attract the biting flies that are bothering my dogs . IT DID N'T ATTRACT ANYTHING . Not one tiny little gnat.I called the company and was told I could send it in and they would look at it , but first I would have to find the sales receipt . So , in addition to what this piece of junk cost me , I was now going to have to spend another whopping amount on postage to return it to them to have them tell me what ? It needed a new light , at an additional cost to me or there was nothing wrong with it.I am off to purchase those bags you fill with water which DO attract the flies and you toss them out . A lot cheaper . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 I sent this insect killer to my Son in Iraq . It lasted 2 months . He thought the bulbs had burned out and replaced them . Now it does not work at all . $ 50.00 for item and $ 20.00 for shipping to Baghdad is a pretty expensive 2 months . Do not reccommend this product . There is a 2 year warrenty on product but when I clicked on return , it said this item can not be returned , so I guess I am out $ 70.00 . The worst part is my Son has no bug protection .
 I do n't know how the bug lights work , I ca n't receive mine . I ordered mine back in June and just keep getting put off by Amazon , They should n't sell items if they ca n't get them in a reasonable amount of time , six months is a little much . DISSAPPOINTED !!!!!
 I ordered my product in September 2004 and still have not received it as of January 29 , 2005 . I cancelled the order . I would rather go to a store and buy it than buy from this seller ! Do n't bother .
 Bug zappers kill many beneficial insects , but do not kill mosquitoes . They are not attracted to light . Insects are a necessary part of the food chain . They pollinate our food crops and wildflowers . An insect free world , as some of you seem to want , would mean no songbirds , also . How depressing that would be .
 i hate it . really hate it i got it all happy that i 'll get rid of flying anoying bugs but when i got it out of its box i found out that there was no cable just a plug . so in theary if you get this you are going to plug it directly into the sky ? very messed up . never used it becouse if it . was a waist of money unless i get an extention cord and well its sitting on the table for a month becouse i did n't expect the need for an extention cord when the plug is less then a foot away .
 This device is advertised as a killer of light attracted insects . MOSQUITOES ARE NOT ATTRACTED TO LIGHT . DEER FLIES ARE NOT ATTRACTED TO LIGHT.These devices have been shown to significantly reduce populations of beneficial pollinating insects . You can find a summary of the research inScience News Online , april 22 , 2000If you want to buy something that works , get one of the CO2 generating devices .
 What a waste of money . This type of device has been proven to kill the wrong bugs !! It does not attract mosquitos or black flies or gnats or no-see-ums . Only the bugs that eat them . Consumerreports has shown this evidence conclusively . Environmentally sensitive ????? Just identify the many fried beneficial insects vs. the nasty ones.Oh , they are good for indoors , of course , when you want to kill anything that flies .
 Hi , I 'm a mosquito and I live in a shaded area of central Alabama . For many days I have terrorized the neighbors ... well , technically my wife does the terrorizing ... but I still like to hang out and enjoy the carnage . My family has been in this area for many generations , so you can imagine my surprise when one of the local humans purchased a great big nightlight for his backyard . Boy , that thing sure was bright.Thankfully , I 'm one of the smarter insects -LRB- hey , even if most of us are dumb , we still make up 98 % of all animal life on this planet ! -RRB- . I sat back for a couple weeks and watched all of my moth and gnat friends hover around this light , only to be zapped into oblivion by some metallic grill that surrounds the light itself . I guess they 're not too bright ! Bright . Get it?A few days later the primary male human attached some nice-smelling device to the bottom , but I was n't going to be fooled . My gnat buddies all flocked to it , but I knew better . My family and I stood back and waited until just the right time to strike the humans , especially the little one who loved to play in the dirt . We bit him up nicely . Some of the time , he was n't even covered in that harsh body spray , so that was the right time to strike.We knew to ignore the light , and it was a good decision . And I just learned that the human tried to return the product to Amazon ... but they would n't allow it ! Apparently it 's considered a hazardous material . I guess the store named `` Amazon '' is in cahoots with my friends who live in the eponymous river region . Or at least I 'd like to think so .
 Poor product . It will kill insects after it is really dark outside but it 's totally ineffective in the daytime . I owned one -LRB- another brand -RRB- in the 70 's that was excellent . The difference in the two was that my other one had one black light and one flourescent light . It was a softer light that seemed to attract more bugs , both in the daytime and at night . This is definitely an item to buy in a store so you can easily return it . Even the bait did n't help . I live in a subdivision that sprays for mosquitoes so we do n't have many . The money would have been better spent on citronella candles . Makes a great night light though ! It lights up my entire den through the windows . No more stumbling through the dark to get to the kitchen !
 House flies like the ones currently plaguing Boise this summer are not attracted to this device one bit . While my porch was consistently being invaded by an army of a few dozen small black house flies , this device could not convince a single one of them to enter its electric cage of destruction . Perhaps the attractant in it is not suitable for house flies , but if that is so the product should clearly state that in its description . The UV light itself also does n't appear to do any good . I caught a couple of moths later at night , but those guys fly into anything remotely luminescent , so no points for that.For indoors , I had a similar experience withFly Web Fly Trap , which also did n't catch a single one of these flies . Summer is coming to an end , so nature will take care of the flies soon enough , but if you live in or around Boise and think either of these products can help you rid of the flies , think again .
 I know there are many people who 've posted excellent reviews of this product , and that 's what I based my decision to purchase on . However , I have a fairly small yard and no matter where I placed the bug zapper , we were still swarmed by mosquitoes . The zapper did seem to attract a lot of moths and beetles , but those were n't the bugs we were trying to get rid of . I would strongly not recommend this product .
 It seemed to be doing the job . Then after less than a year , it just quit working . I bought a new bulb to no avail . Now I 'm stuck with a new bulb and left-over mosquito attractant ! Bummer !
 This only worked for a day . The next day , the light did not come on when I plugged it in . I live in southeast USA where we have a lot of bugs so after reading all the great reviews , I decided to order one . When it did work , it did not kill a bunch of bugs like the reviews said . I saw a fly get zapped a few times and then escaped . I 'm so disappointed and still have bug problems.We called the number the included - they said to go back to Amazon and check their policies . My husband had to call twice since they did not return his phone call . This has been an absolute disappointment so far and we 'll never buy another one of this brand . In fact , I 'll go through a store next time .
 I purchased this device through Amazon on 8/10 . It was delivered sooner than expected , but only zapped bugs for a few hours before it went silent . The bulb was still lit , but nothing was happening . The yard was certainly still buggy . I contacted the company several times before reaching a live customer service person . When we finally spoke they authorized a UPS pickup the next day . Unfortunately , a new device was n't returned to us until yesterday -- over 3 weeks later . We 've used it for only one night and I 'm still not impressed by the rate of zapping . It does n't seem to be attracting bugs , even though we are using the provided attractant , just killing the ones that wonder in there . It 's been pretty dry here recently so there are definitely fewer bugs than in midsummer , but I still think it should be zapping more frequently.A couple of other cautions that you ca n't tell from the product description online
 If you intend to kill mosquitoes ... this is not the item you are looking for . Its great for killing pretty much any other flying bug , except mosquitoes which - in my case - is the reason why I bought it ... and yes , I did use the mosquito lure and nothing , not one was killed
 The fountain was lovely to look at , but the upper bowl that recieves the water from the lion 's mouth was different than the one pictured here . A design flaw exists in that as the water leaves the upper bowl , it does not only drip straight down , it flows over the rim and down the sides of the bowl . It then runs along the seam where the top portion of the fountain connects to the base , and leaks down the back of the fountain . I came outside to find that it had pumped itself almost dry and my deck was soaked . I took it apart and put it together again , but there was no change . If the top portion had a slight overhang , the problem would be solved .
 Bought two of these this spring ... both of them leaked so badly from a poorly fitted hose end that I have had to replace the coupling . Go for Swan or some other brand with better -LRB- or at least SOME ? -RRB- quality control .
 Because I had ordered this bulb from you I thought it would be the same size . It was too long , but I am able to use it . I ca n't put the insect attraction under the light , however .
 The description would imply bracket is 6 '' with a 10 '' extension . Over all lengthof bracket is total 10 '' . Not really long enough to hang a large bug zapper or largeplant . Deceiving description , had to return and buy a longer bracket.I also bought the Flowtron 80 and had to go out and buy a longer bracket .
 When I received my bracket it was missing the welds on the top of the bracket . Amazon was great to deal with as far as the return process.However , for $ 17.00 I would expect an American made product , not one made in China . There is not much to the bracket . Check your local hardware store , you may be able to find something cheaper and better that will serve the same purpose.This item will serve the intended purpose if you purchase one . Make sure you inspect your bracket as soon as you receive it . Amazon allows 30 days to return it.To sum it up , this item is overpriced and not a high quality product .
 I purchased the Flowtron BF-190 Replacement bulb on May 12 , 2012 . It must have been defective because it burned out after 1 month.The original bulb lasted for years . Anna S. Hurst
 I ordered this bulb because it was the recommended replacement for my bk-15d bug zapper . It 's the wrong bulb but that 's not the worst part . THE PACKAGE IS OPEN , WHO SALES A USED BULB ? That 's just crazy imo . Especially when I payed for a new one !
 For one thing this bulb does the job for not for a long period of time , it just does not last long and at the price that they cost , I am not happy with it . One more thing , I just noticed in the listing that this is a close out item ! What happens when they run out ? Throw away the entire unit ? Also , consider that for around $ 10 more one can buy a brand new unit and it comes with the bulb . I will try Home Depot or Lowes and see what happens as far as cost is concerned .
 I tried to find information before ordering these bulbs , I found it hard to find what I needed , but Amazon recommended this bulb as a replacement for my Flowtron BK-80D but it is about 3 inches too short it does work still but it can fall out there is nothing holding it in because it does not reach the bottom plastic bracket.This bulb must be for the smaller model . -LRB- NOT FOR THE 80 WATT -RRB- there was some confusion if the 80 watts was 40 watts times 2 , I still do n't know because the bulb is just as bright as the other one and only 3 '' shorter .
 I ordered this replacement bulb on March 22 , 2009 and today 's date is July 27 , 2009 and it burned out 2 days ago ! That 's only 4 months and at $ 21.99 for a replacement bulb it should last allot longer than that !! I , too , noticed that it 's a close out item and that no returns will be honored ... therefore I think I 'll go to my local Wal Mart and buy another brand bulb and if necessary spend a few dollars more and get another brand bug zapper ... one that I can trust !! I bought the Flowtron one only 1 year ago ... had to replace the bulb approximately 8 months later ... what a waste of money ! I gave it two stars because while it did work ... it did a good job . No better job than any other unit , however .
 After receiving this product , which had chipped paint , I noticed something worse than the lack the proper mounting hole pattern -LRB- look carefully at the picture , it shows an OEM blade , not THIS blade , which only has a square hole -RRB- . So what 's worse than a blade that is n't even what 's pictured ? One that is completely dull . For the $ 16 shipped cost , I would still have had to go get it sharpened for another $ 15 . Instead I spent $ 19 at Sears -LRB- yes , I had to go into the store -RRB- and get a real OEM blade . Which , BTW , is sharp AND has the proper mounting pattern.Seriously , if you 're trying to save a buck , just take your blade off after your next mowing and go get it sharpened .
 When I recieved this Blade I noticed it was not what I had ordered . The blade I recieved was 211/4 '' long were as I needed a 21 '' . The mounting hole is not for a OME blade . Nothing like the one that is advertised . This blade may be right for someone else mower but not mine . My problem was not so much with the blade as it was the way Mowtown USA responded to me when I called to let them know that I had recieved the wrong blade . The person that was speaking for the company was rude and would not let you explain . It was a very unpleasant experience to deal with .
 This product was way overpriced by the time I paid shipping . I could have bought it for much less at Walmart without paying the outrageous shipping charges for something that cost only $ 2.98 . I will never do this again .
 Most of the stakes in my package were thinner than a pencil . Not what I was expecting .
 It says Two packaged Bamboo Stakes ... I only got one ! Just go to a Lowes or Home Depot and save yourself the ridiculous shipping charges for sticks .
 This bag is very poorly engineered . Despite what the top reviewer said , this product does NOT fit on my mower , nor does it fit on either of my neighbors mowers - both different . This product is very poorly engineered . While I managed to get it onto the mower , it falls off before it even gets half full . The only way I could get it to stay on the actual mower was to permanently affix it to the chassis . It sits very far from the mower body so some grass comes flying out of the back . It also means all of the grass must be removed by hand , not too bad ... especially coming from raking everything.Purchasing this bag requires either :1 -RRB- You have the exact mower body this works with.or2 -RRB- An engineer friend who can jerryrig this thing to you mower.Good luck ...
 Worst grass catcher manufacturer . BAD product design , bad company.I bought the grass catcher for my sears lawn mower and did not fit , even thu they stated it fits most mowers . then I returned the item thru fedEX and it was shipped and received and received confirmation that it was delivered . however a couple of weeks later , they stated the item was not received and they do not want to credit my account $ 40.90 .
 This bagger was not at all correct ; the only part that worked was the frame to attach to the mower , there was absolutely no frame work with it so is just dragged against the ground !! I tried on several occasions to reach the customer service line and could not get through . The time frame past on return so I just threw it away . DO NOT BUY THIS ; it was cheaper to go buy a new mower with a new bagger !!
 After purchasing this product as recommended by the MTD manufacturer 's website we discovered first that none of the accompanying hardware was included in the packaging . After having located and acquiring the hardware at a local lawn mower repair shop , we determined the grass catcher could not be mounted on the lawn mower the manner is which the directions indicated . I had to take the lawn mower , grass catcher and hardware back to the local lawn mower repair shop who recommended mounting the hardware a completely different way than the instructions , which included having to drill new holes in the lawn mower deck . A really poor product , with a set of instructions that were totally off base .
 I had been very satisfied with my mower since I purchased it about two years ago . The only thing I did n't appreciate was when I waited too long to mow the grass I would always have to rake up the excess grass that did n't spread across the lawn evenly . I thought this product was going to be the solution ... turns out I was very wrong . The product is way too difficult to attach to your lawn mower . The directions are vague at best and confusing . Even after I got it on , the bag would only fill up about half way and this occured in seconds . Now you have to take the bag off , empty it , and go through the hassle of getting it back on . I honestly only used it once for about 5 minutes and decided it was not worth my time . My advice is do not waste your money , spend the extra couple minutes raking the grass or just buy a mower with a built on attachment . Hopefully this helps .
 This bag is very easy to assemble and attaches to the lawnmower quickly . There is a little bit of a gap between the lawnmower and the bag . It is not too easy to empty the contents and the it fills very quickly . The best advice would be to go buy a new mower that has a bag attached .
 It is rare to happen . But , the new bulb lasted about 15 seconds after it was installed . The packaged arrived ok and the bulb looked alright . So , I am wondering if somehow it had a fall on a warehouse floor or was not properly sealed at the factory .
 I received the two light bulbs that I ordered for my backyard bug light zapper . There was no padding in the envelope and both lamps were shattered . Would be better to use a stiff cardboard box . How do I get my money back .
 This Flowtron machine did not work for us . I do not profess to be an expert , but with West Nile in Illois like it is , I needed something that would give us the freedom to be outdoors . I could not get the thing going and then when it did I caught 6 bugs in a month and a half . I took it back to Costco and got my money back.I went out and bought the Mosquito Magnet -LRB- for 2 times the money -RRB- . What a difference . I had to empty the net every 3 weeks or so . It is still going ! It did not get rid of ALL the Mosquitos , but it did give us the backyard back .
 It would not trap the Asian Tiger Mosquito that inhabited by back yard in Texas
 I bought the machine and lures last summer from amazon . had to buy a second box of lures as the first did n't fit the machine . bad info on the item . The second lure would n't stick - the old tape does n't completely clean up and out for the next one . We caught tons of moths but hardly no mosquitos.This is n't a great machine but then it is n't 300.00 either .
 I purchased this by mistake and Amazon will not take it back . I meant to purchase the six count which costs only $ 5.66 each which is less than half the cost of this single count product . I ordered this one in error and Amazon wont let me return it even for an exchange .
 The mosquito cartridges worked so well in our Flowtron 80W that I decided to try the fly lure . $ 25.08 for ONE flimsy piece of ` stuff ' to attach to the outside of the Flowtron . Not only did I NOT see any dead flies after attaching this item , we had a 20 mile wind with a slight rain one night about a week after putting it on the unit , the next morning this $ 25.08 flimsy piece of ` stuff ' was broke in half and laying on the ground . Fool me once , shame on you , fool me twice , shame on me . This item will never be purchased from this house again ! I hate being taken in with lousy material and design .
 With flys in overload and my traps catching tons , this lure attracted absolutely zero flys to my flowtron zapper . . Big disappointment
 Does n't attract any more flies than what the florescent light does . Do n't waste your money .
 Do n't let the size of the box fool you . Even though this item comes packaged in a good-sized box , this product is barely one inch by two inches . It 's just a small piece of plastic with some type of pheromone embedded in it . Although it does seem to attract flies for a few days , it does n't seem to last for very long at all . It 's just a tiny piece of flimsy plastic ! In my opinion , it 's just not worth it .
 I do n't know what the chemical they use in this is supposed to do . But it does n't attract flies . I have n't seen a dead fly in the capture tray since we got the unit . All kinds of dead other insects , but not flies . Maybe it helps pull in moths and the like , but it sure does n't help with flies . I would suggest avoiding it and save some money , unless you want to try it for yourself , which is what I did . Ah well , maybe they will improve the formula.Flowtron FA-5000 Fly Sex Lure
 WE HAVE NUMEROUS PESTY FLIES AROUND OUR BACK POARCH . BUYING THIS PRODUCT SEEMED LIKE THE ANSWER.WELL ATTACHING IT TO THE BUG ZAPPER DID NOTHING . MAYBE IT WAS OUT OF DATE , HOWEVER THERE IS NO EXP DATE ON IT . SO DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 The parts included with grass gator did not fit my trimmer . Notified the company but no compatible part was sent . The part in question was the nut with the proper thread .
 We ordered the replacement head hoping it would fit our weed eater , it did not.We had to return this product without using it .
 I used this attachment for half an hour and it fractured the flexible drive shaft in the string trimmer . The added weight of the attachment and the longer multiple strings caught the long grass and snapped the drive shaft . The drive shaft replacement for my machine is half the cost of a new machine . This attachment might work on some machines but the risk of damage to the driveshaft is not worth the risk . I am now without a string trimmer until I can buy a completely new machine .
 Waste of Money . Line wore out after one use and I did follow the manufacturers directions to strengthen the line
 Well this is a good idea for a cheap replacement head ... . BUT I guess out of the 99 % weed trimmers in the world , it doesnt fit mine ... A troy built super bronco -LRB- tb415cc -RRB- ... Very disappointed !!!
 I was not at all pleased with the performance of the Grass Gator YJT1 Yellow Jacket & Wasp Trap . Dispite experimenting with sugar water and various fruit juices to attract the yellow jackets and wasps , it only attracted a very few bees and maybe a wasp or two . My wasps this year were very large and were able , even when they entered the trap , to climb out .
 The item as we received it is not the same as the item described on the packaging and in the instructions . The packaging shows a rod through the center of the jar and instructs you to place a meat product in what appears to be a hollow in the center of the bar . However , there is no bar in the product as shipped . It 's just a jar with two indentations in the sides.What there is , is a length of wire twist tie and a little vial of liquid -LRB- one of which apparently leaked into its sealed glassine envelope -RRB- . There are no instructions as to how to set this up in the jar . We do n't know whether one is supposed to suspend the vial in the jar with the twist tie , or whether one is to mix the vial contents in juice or water or put it on meat and use the twist tie to hang it , or what.I do n't know whether we got an old design in the packaging intended for a new and improved product , or whether we got a new and not as good -LRB- cheaper -RRB- redesigned product in packaging left over from when it was a better product , or whether what we got was a fly trap in a yellow jacket package , but I was n't about to speculate . We are returning them unused . So I ca n't say how well they would work if we knew how to set up what we got , but frankly it does n't look that effective as it came to us.Anyhow , until they sort out what they are selling and give you accurate instructions on the package to use the product in the package , I ca n't recommend this .
 Purchased nine of these traps but had very little success . Followed the instructions exactly and caught about 1 wasp per trap over a weeks time but caught dozens of flies . Not worth the effort ar all .
 I do n't recommend at all . It is not that well made and it is not a great trapper of wasps even though we were inundated by wasps and yellow jackets this last summer . What I ended up doing is finding the yellow jacket nests -LRB- holes -RRB- in the ground and , just before dark , pouring boiling hot water into the -LRB- several -RRB- access holes . Then I covered each with a bigrock , thereby trapping the entire nest . Worked like a charm .
 The first thing that went wrong was the plastic screw down mechanism that tightens down to keep the pole extension secure - it cracked after normal use . Next , the pruning blade started sticking into the cutting element and could only be retracted by bringing the pole back down to ground level and pulling it out with two hands - no doubt poor quality cast material or a slight warping of the blade from the normal stress of cutting . The final insult is that the red pull rope is starting to fray were it runs through the pulley wheel at the top of the pruner . Perhaps , I could live with all this if the saw blade was n't so flexible and continues to get stuck in green limbs!Update
 I purchased this in early March so I would have it for St. Patrick 's Day . Two month 's later it is almost dead . I followed directions , and put it in a larger pot , but it just keeps dying . I 'm down to about 4 leaves . What can I do ?
 Bought this to roll tomato plants around . Within five seconds of placing the pot on the base a wheel just crumbled . Total failure , and a total waste of money .
 The wheel broke off this very shortly after we started using it . The plant on it was n't that heavy , so the quality of this product just was n't where it needed to be .
 It really should tell you the maximum weight they recommend for this caddy . It immediately cracked when I put my pot on it.Would not buy unless I had a small plant .
 Totally agree with Steve Dean -- a wheel broke off shortly after I started using it . The wheel is made of cheap plastic , which can not support the weight of a plant that fits properly on the plant caddy . Very disappointed .
 A pot with a 16 inch base , filled with soil and plants , weighs a considerable amount . The first time we put a large pot on this caddy and rolled it across the floor , the base broke and a wheel fell off when it went over the edge of a carpet . Ace Hardware was quick to replace it , but the truth is that you have to be very careful to only roll it over smooth surfaces .
 I bought this item to solve the ever tangling plastic line problem . I had no problem with the design of the product nor fitting it onto my Weedeater model RTE113C . I like the idea but the first time I used this item it broke within the first 5 minutes and a part of it broke off and flew across my yard . If the housing was made of a tougher material possibly metal it would be great .
 Cheap piece of plastic S -- . Use it for about 30 minutes hit a tall weed and broke the plastic arm right off where the blades connect . Lost a pin first thing . When it did cut if was doing good . but needs to be made of something else , The one that said for my toro , did not fit my toro , but the flat head one did . I would not buy this untill they make it out of something else , save your 17.00 the price is to high to have to replace this thing ever time you use it ...
 I really am disappointed . It came missing pieces so it did not fit my weed eater . Very disappointed !
 I ca n't speak to the product itself , but it did advertise as being compatible with all Black & Decker electric Trimmers , and it was in fact not compatible with my Black & Decker 9-Inch 1.8-AMP Electric Grass Trimmer #ST 1000 . Pretty frustrating .
 This is one of those things that COULD work so well - if only it had been made/designed well.The big gripe is that the knobs on the sides of the black cylinder which hold the two white plastic blades get caught on roots , bricks , stones , etc. and break off in no time - almost literally !! My last one broke within less than one minute after starting to use it ! I had pushed it up against a gnarl blackberry root and whammmoh ! black plastic shards all over the place ! Luckily I was wearing tall leather boots and none of the kids were around ... The problem is that NOBODY else makes anything similar to this product -LRB- i.e. , heavier duty cutter that does n't lose little bits of plastic string all over the yard and can cut actual weeds as opposed to a few blade of grass here and there even when attached to a woefully underpowered electric trimmer - yeah , I 'm going green , I 'm going wimpy ... -RRB- at all anywhere . We 're stuck with this poor design . And I DO keep on buying replacements.If CMD/Gator wants to make a quality product they will make the circle + knobs design into one that is essentially an oval so that the blade attachment points do n't protrude so drastically.Lastly , if you can find a local hardware store that sells this product get it there - you 'll spend half of what you 'd spend on here when shipping and handling are tallied .
 Worked fine for a couple of uses and then the moter burned out on my trimmer . I think the trimmer was n't designed to power anything heavier than the plastic line that are in the spools . And these blades are definitely heavier than the line and required more power to run them .
 This trimmer head may well fit the single-line Black & Decker Grass Hog units but it does NOT fit the B & D 700/750 series dual-line Automatic Feed systems . There 's no way to fit the unit onto these dual-line systems that I can see , unfortunately.It would be nice if the company would put somewhere in their product description that it does n't fit the 700-series trimmers .
 Second time I used this item it broke and flew off across the yard - just lucky it did n't come back at me .
 I purchased this for a Black & Decker electric trimmer . My yard is small enough that I mow the grass with an electric mower and never have to change the outlet into which I have the mower connected , so there really is n't a lot of area that needs to be trimmed . After one use , the blades were worn down by at least 30 % . On the second use , one blade broke off , unbalancing the product and causing it to essentially explode . One blade flew to my left , while the main assembly and the other blade would have flown directly at me , had they not been deflected by the elevated patio under which I was using it.This is a great concept , but horrible , and potentially dangerous , design execution.Although it 's a pain , stick with the trimmer line .
 I purchased this pruner after my 22 years with my old pruner . We have a lot of trees , & the pruner gets used 4 to 5 times a year . This pruner constantly plugs , so I have to manually open the jaws . The screw holding the saw in place stripped & I can not use the saw now . A very poor pruner for the price . . The handle is lightweight , so I now have an extension for my apple picker . Still looking for a new pruner .
 The metal strips out that a screw that holds the balde turns into . The blade and tool can then not be used and the tool becomes useless . This occured with below normal home use .
 The pole extension slips when in use , can not tighten further . When I use it on the second time , the die cast alloy snapped while using the clipper portion on a 3/4 inch branch . The whole thing is now useless .
 The first thing that went wrong was the plastic screw down mechanism that tightens down the upper pole to keep the pole extension secure - it cracked after normal use . Next , the pruning blade started sticking into the cutting head element and could only be retracted by bringing the pole back down to ground level and pulling it with two hands - no doubt poor quality cast material or a slight warping of the blade from the normal stress of cutting . The final insult is that the pull rope is starting to fray where it runs through the pulley wheel at the top of the pruner . Perhaps , I could live with all this if the saw blade was n't so flexible and continues to get stuck in green limbs!Update
 I got this for my Shindaiwa at work . I have some heavy brush to clear too , but that 's what the chain saw is for . I have lots of light cane and young roses coming up too , thought this would get the job done.Nope . If heavy .105 or .120 line wo n't cut it , this probably wo n't either . And that 's what you 're trying to do , find a step up from the heavy line , is n't it ? Set the mower deck high or find an actual blade to go on the end of your trimmer , because this thing is n't up to the challenge.If you do n't want to ever replace trimmer line again , this might be what you need , but do n't be lulled into thinking you 've got something that 's more capable than what you had .
 I 'll take your word that it fits 99 % of the brush cutters , but it DID N'T fit my Homelite .
 I bought the `` heavy duty '' grass gator for my cub cadet 4 cycle . . it worked well when new , but then the blades started wearing much faster than advertised , now the center section , which is made of plastic , has stripped , which makes the grass gator useless . Plastic seems OK on the outside parts , but should not have been used where 100 % of the torque is being released . I plan on trying to use what I can of the gator and make my own , TRUE heavy duty unit .
 MODIFIED REVIEW EXPLAINING RETROFIT . Do not buy if you have a Homelite trimmer as it will not fit unless you can weld ; the way to fit it to a homelite , is to go get a RH thread 5/16x1 .25 bolt -LRB- about the size of the LH thread bolt you get with the package -RRB- and a 3/8 nut which you run up the 5/16 bolt to its head and weld the heads together . Take the bump knob off the existing bail and add a couple of space washers -LRB- a couple of lock washers work very well , as they are thicker -RRB- to the shaft , and install the GrassGator using your newly welded bolt .
 The cork mat is good quality , but the ad misrepresents the item . I received one cork mat . I thought I was receiving 12 based upon CM12-12 12 '' Cork Mat and the photo . With shipping , one mat cost $ 12.00 . With restocking fee and shipping , it is not worth returning , but I feel mislead by seller . I wo n't buy from them again .
 This thing is a huge disappointment . While the attachment process went ok , everything was downhill from there.My trimmer would stall whenever I got this thing into some thick grass . Occurred multiple times in the first 10 min . of use.Then the first plastic tooth broke off . C'mon ... my string lasts longer along a chainlink fence !!!! This thing went into the trash and I 'll live with the string hassles.Buyer beware .
 The complaints about the Black and Decker Grass Hog was the hassle and frequency of replacing the string refill . So I bought Grass Gator thinking it would solve that problem . Installation of the Grass Gator -LRB- and the string refill for that matter -RRB- was easy . However , once on the Gator 's blades were much shorter than I anticipated . I have the B&D 14 '' trimmer and edger . Now with the product on , I have a ~ 7 '' trimmer . Powered on the Gator 's blades produce more noise as the blades are less aerodynamic than string . As for cutting through weeds , it does do a better job . However , my yard requires me to cut weeds along cement walkways and wooden fences . And this is where this product fails . After just using this product for a few hours , the blades were considerably worn . So bad that I must have moved the blades too close to the cement walkway that the product exploded . Yes , exploded ! One blade flew and the blade housing broke violently off . I was lucky to have avoided injury . I have since gone back to string replacement . The Grass Gator is only for users that wo n't go anywhere near hard objects .
 I purchased this at the same time I got a new Black & Decker line trimmer . I was very excited to get this attachement on & not have to worry about the hassles of line anymore ! I have your typical backyard with tall grass growing along the side of the house , fence & a block wall . Once I got the right product for my trimmer it was very easy to snap on . This product works great if all you are doing is trimming grass & weeds with nothing solid like rocks or walls that might be in the way . Unfortunatley as I was cutting through high grass I kept coming accross hidden rocks & everytime I hit one , either a blade would break off or the whole unit which is snapped on would come off . After this happened about 5 times I am beginning to wonder if I should n't just just the original line setup it came with or explore something else .
 The Grass Gator was supposed to end my nightmares with my string trimmer . Left Amazon and double checked this product would work for my specific trimmer . It stated it did . However , after getting my trimmer all set up for the install -LRB- taking of guard , old spool , etc -RRB- we found out it does NOT . So now I have a brand new Grass Gator , as well as both light and heavy duty blades and they 're useless to me . SO disappointed .
 Make sure you visit Grass Gator 's website to see if this unit fits your trimmer and even then be careful . It did not fit my Stihl FS46 -LRB- and the FS46 is not on the exception list -RRB- even with the FS45 adapter . I had to modify the adapter to make it work so if you are not handy make sure it fits the trimmer you have .
 The Grass Gator was supposed to be the solution to my `` always having to refill my line '' problem . As it turns out , the blades dulled pretty quickly . It could be that the Grass Gator is made just for hittin ' weeds in an open space . I was edging along my house and gardens . Anyhow , I 'm not ready to say it 's a bad product , but it certainly did n't do what I was hoping it would . I recommend you only buy it if you wo n't have it near anything that could dull the blades .
 I bought this because I was looking for a heavy duty option aside from buying an expensive brush blade for trimming suckers from the base of my hazelnut trees and the brushy areas alongside my fence and in my garden . It was one of those `` as seen on TV '' deals that had a lot of promises behind it.The price was right , and it promised easy installation . Turns out it was n't easy . I am fairly mechanically inclined , but had a lot of trouble with this one . It would n't fit the output shaft of my trimmer . I used a Jonsered Little Red 22 -LRB- it was an older one , but one of the best trimmers I 've ever owned , it 's since retired and gone to weed trimmer heaven after 15 + years of service -RRB- , which does have a funny diameter and thread shaft , but this should have fit it.The kit includes spacers and screws to fit the output shafts of a lot of trimmers , but for some reason none of them fit mine . I ended up getting it to work , but it never quite fit right and came loose a lot , which was a real pain to stop and tighten it down every 10 minutes or so.Functionality was decent , nowhere near a steel weed blade though . The head has three 3 inch long and about 1/2 inch wide plastic -LRB- or some kind of rigid but malleable polymer -RRB- blades with serrated cutting edges on each side . The blades swing out under centrifugal force when spinning , and fold up when at rest so they do n't get broken or damaged.Since it weighs about the same as a standard trimmer head , a 22 cc and up trimmer -LRB- gas only -RRB- has no trouble spinning it up to full speed with little drag on the engine . Cutting performance was good , better than the strings and I noticed it cut the thicker brush and small saplings that were about 1/4 inch in diameter , which the string could n't handle . I was impressed by how well it took care of the brush . However , I did notice that it bogged down the trimmer more than with the strings , probably due to the larger surface area and weight of the blades cutting more brush . It would probably work a lot better with a more powerful trimmer , like 25 cc 's and up.The blades did n't last a long as I had hoped , despite the advertising saying they last a long time . They did last longer than the string , but only if you were cutting just brush and not fences , rocks , or big sticks hiding in the tall grass . Those chewed up the plastic blades quickly , so it 's a good idea to buy lots of extra blades . The are more expensive than string , but the trade-off is in the cutting performance . On the plus side , they were easy to swap out.It 's a good concept and works like it should , but their claim of 99 % fitment is pretty optimistic . That , or I must be the 1 percenter . The blades are n't that durable either , which is why they are relatively cheap . Also be aware if you have an `` off '' brand trimmer -LRB- professional trimmers , Shindawa , Jonsered , Tanaka , etc. -RRB- . Be sure you 've got a minimum of 25 cc 's to work with -LRB- a 4-stroke would be ideal -RRB- . If you want good performance that will last a long time , spring for the brush cutter blades that you know will fit . They are more expensive , but worth it . If they get dull , sharpen them .
 I fitted the Heavy Duty Grass Gator to my line trimmer . Started cutting some grass and hit a small rock . One of the plastic blades , along with its pin , broke away . Fortunately these parts flung out and away from me -LRB- and did n't hit anyone else -RRB- ! In my opinion , this is a dangerous product ! Not recommended !
 I tried to fit this on a Homelite trimmer . The plastic fitting was just barely too small for the bolt on my trimmer . It looked like it should fit but I could n't press it on easily . I tried to tap it on and it broke immediately . After fooling with replacement heads , replacement blades , string cartridges , etc for far too long , I 'm giving up and buying a new trimmer . I doubt there 's a replacement head out there that 's worth the time and investment . If you 're spending time and money constantly fooling with the head on your trimmer -LRB- as I have been with both the Homelite and a Troybilt that is even worse -RRB- then you probably bought the wrong trimmer to begin with .
 I had one of these a few years ago and really liked it , It was tough and worked really well.I decided to get another one . The newer one is less tough , It seems to be made with a cheaper plastic -LRB- the main body -RRB- . I was trimming around some cement the bottom of the head rubbed against the cement a few times and it thinned it so much one of the pins and the blade fell off . rendering it unsafe to use . so i went and bought a Pivotrim , , Love it !
 We thought we 'd get the tabs , twist-wire , and glue that are in the picture , and that is what we wanted . We have a whole bunch of them already with which we are training a vine to crawl around the front door and ca n't find them . So when we saw the exact same ones in the picture , we bought quickly ... Unfortunately all that we got was a stick!Edit
 My first attempt using this tool ended in failure . The blade snapped off while I was cutting a hedge branch no larger than 1.5 inches . This aside the tool probably performs adequately if it were not for the flimsy cutting blade
 The lopper is strong , but the lopper blade broke after approx . 2 years of light use on soft wood branches less than 1 inch in diameter . A replacement blade cost $ 20 plus shipping - the same as a new lopper . Rubber foam handle grips also came loose and slide up and down the handle during use . Grips have to be taped in place periodically to keep them from sliding . Very disappointed in this product .
 It looks so elegantly designed , and worked great when it was first used . However , after making several 3/4 '' cuts I first noticed that the handles were bent inward . So I straightened them and continued using them on smaller tasks . But alas the handles were still rebending , even on 1/2 '' branches and stems . Then after restraightening it for about the 3rd or 4th time , one of the handles snapped about 3/4 '' from the center -LRB- axle -RRB- of rotation ; right where the cross-sectional area of steel is smallest.Perhaps the steel was never heat treated , or was heat treated incorrectly . The quality of the steel could have also been of inferior composition . Regardless , I will not purchase another of these .
 The item we ordered was advertised as a Corona clipper , but it turned out to be a chinese imitation . If this was to be a clone then it should have been better stated and should not have been called a Corona clipper . The item we received looked somewhat like the real thing but slightly smaller with green vinyl handle covers .
 I 'd like to be writing about the great new Corona clippers that I bought from Jacks Tool Shed but Jack sent me a cheap ` Made In China ' imitation instead . He says they look just like the real thing , too bad they 're just a worthless piece of junk !!!!!!
 I bought this because another reviewer had stated it was made in USA.Well apparently , not anymore . It is now made in Mexico with parts from various contries.Not impressed with the new BP 3180 or with Corona shipping jobs overseas .
 Be careful if you buy a Corona product and think you are getting a lifetime warranty . I bought this product a few years ago , and when the hickory handle split down the middle , I contacted the Corona Warranty Department to have it replaced . I was told they considered it normal wear and tear and it would n't be replaced . What 's worse , they told me they do n't warranty the handle or the blade on these loppers . When I asked what they do warranty -LRB- since it 's only a blade and handles -RRB- , I was told they only warranty it if it is n't working correctly when you purchase it . Does n't sound too much like a `` Lifetime Warranty '' as advertised . I 'd suggest spending your money on a product from a different company that stands behind it and provides a true lifetime warranty as advertised .
 The main nut repeatedly falls off and gets lost . My main nut has been lost . I took the lopper to home depot for help but they disassociated themseves from it . All I need is a nut and nut-cover so that the equipment will be useful again . Your design of this thing is very puqish . Help me or I will damn you some kind of way . I think Home Depots policy should more helpful . This is a small piece of equipment . I could visualize bigger problems for bigger equipment . I am sorry that I am complaining about you and Home Depot , but this is my only way to get to Corona .
 I ordered these from Jacks tool shed , what arrived looked exactly like the picture , minus the corona name engraving , made in China . The first time , and I kid you not , that I tried to cut a small branch 1/2 '' they would not close , and upon inspection the hook part of the hook and blade had created a burr so deep that they could not be closed . I am sure the genuine article works great , but to knowingly sell a worthless knockoff is criminal . My advise is to choose your '' other buying options carefully '' Amazon only allows responses with 1 star or more . Jello pruners might rate 1 star the ones they sent me rate 0 .
 It 's a very sharp and sturdy pruner but it 's not rust free ! The blades have rusted all over . How can a quality garden tool not be rust free ?
 This worked wonderfully when I first started using it.I quickly cut branches I would have sawed before or for whichI would have used the chain saw . After two months , the lopperstopped cutting all the way through the branches . It left alittle strip connecting the two parts . I think the heavy sheetmetal hook bent away from the blade , leaving a gap between thetwo . It still cuts easily for 90 % of the thickness , but italways leaves a ribbon joining the two . For infrequent or onetime heavy use , this should work fine . Do not plan on usingthis lopper for a lifetime . I suggest considering theprofessional loppers from Corona .
 These loppers work great except for one very important thing , they rarely finish a cut . It appears to me that the cutting blade is too soft or too thin and bends away from the hook preventing the last 1/8 '' or so from being separated . This compaint has been voiced by others . The overall build of this tool is quite good but if the design is not changed to correct this problem I would not recommend its purchase .
 VERY upset that there is a tiny print sticker on this product that says
 Spring broke the 2nd day I used it . Last one from the same company - same model lasted 6 years.UPDATE
 These clippers are crap . They broke not long after . I am a serious gardener so I should have known better . I guess for a casual gardener not making heavy demands on their clippers they might be suitable .
 The USDA lists this as an invasive species . Imported from Asia , it crowds out native species . The abundant fruit is eaten by birds , which disperse the seeds , but it 's not as nutritious a food source for them as the native species Autumn Olive displaces.Sale of this plant seems irresponsible . I wish horticulturists would recognize their responsibility to educate consumers about invasives and their alternatives , rather than continue to sell plants that destroy habitat and alter the landscape - perhaps permanently . It would be a tremendous achievement if vendors would choose not to sell these plants , rather than the government stomping in and regulating sales .
 The handle broke off my almost new Corona clippers - it looks like metal fatigue . The problem is that the company website says their lifetime warranty will only be honored if the loppers are purchased directly from their website . This seems like it would be a huge negative for their resellers . What difference does it make if it 's bought direct or Lowe 's or wherever - it 's still the same product ? I wo n't buy another Corona because of their warranty restrictions .
 This item is way overpriced ! It 's ok as a pruner , but much undersized as a `` lopper . ''
 -LRB- See my review on Felco # 2 pruners as to why . -RRB- After reading the current reviews on these things , I have to say I 'm a little suprised by one -LRB- bending cutting 3/8 inch branches ... ouch , I do n't think that is typical . -RRB- I can see these working well for cutting sunflowers ... if that was all these were used for I could see giving them a higher rating , but most people will use them for more tasks than that . I bought a set on the advice of a salesman and took them home to try out for a couple of days , and took them back . They 're all right , but I think you are further ahead by spending the extra ten bucks on a set of Felco 's . Better quality , better feel , better durability . You 'll be happier longer .
 I should have followed my own advice I am leaving for others . I had read the reviews prior to my purchase of the 6170 pruners by Corona . I was thinking to myself as I was reading the reviews , these people are probably using them wrong as I never had any set of pruners fall apart or have the blade get defective or splinter off etc. even with the cheap pruners I have.Well I went to Ace Hardware picked up a set and used them for one day to cut roses -LRB- mainly deadheading and very very light pruning of some smaller thinner canes . Well after a few hours I noticed the blade was n't cutting too well . Upon inspection there were several spots on the blade that had worn flat or gouged out . Mind you this was a brand new pair of pruners , not a pair that was 10-15 years old . I thought to myself , `` Ok , this must just be a coincidenece and has nothing to do with the reviews on Amazon . I will return these and it is probably a fluke defective unit . '' Well I return them to ACE and they did n't have a replacement in stock . They ordered a set and a week later I get it hoping my problem is solved . I happily start cutting roses when the blade twisted somewhat and the blade would n't close . I noticed some of the metal was sheared off !!!! This was after approximately 60 minutes of deadheading roses !!!! Looking at the blade and wondering how it could possibly happen still stumps me to this day . One minute it was cutting fine the next minute it was an unuseable pair of bypass pruners . I get on the phone with Corona they basically say their warranty will just give me an exact set of pruners and there would be no telling if the problem with that replacement set would n't have the same problems of the one I was returning . They recommended I return it to the store since I just bought it , which I did . This time I got my money back and bought a set of ACE cheapies and they feel more solid and the blade is heat treated forged steel . I do n't forsee me returning these.On a whim before my return of the first 6170 , I saw the Corona 6240 on Amazon for about $ 30 so I went with it . Hope they last longer than 2 hours . If they suck I may be stuck with it as I am not about to be paying shipping to return a crappy set of Coronas .
 On the first day out , these pruners self-destructed on me . I used them to trim some small branches . They worked fine through several , but then apparently twisted on one cut . The large blade gouged into the small , digging into the metal . I did n't have any warning or `` feel '' that the blade was twisting and the branch was n't that thick -LRB- 1/4 -3 / 8 '' -RRB- . I had to take them apart and file away the very large burr . Needless to say , they do n't work as well now and I 'm in the market for a replacement .
 This does NOT have `` Hickory '' wood handles . They are made of `` Ash '' wood which are not as strong . I contacted seller to inform them and their position was that the item 's UPC code matched item they sent to me so they think all went well , What ? I 'd stay away from this deal . Poor all around .
 I suspect that the other reviewer , the one who gave 5 stars , works for Corona . There is no way these things can cut 11/2 '' . I used them to cut branches of 1 '' or less on shrubs and decorative evergreens . Cutting was laborious . I thought the handles were going to break ! They did not cut cleanly either . At the end of the cut a small piece of the branch slips between the two cutting blades and the whle thing jams up . I am returning this tool . You might be satisfied with this product if you want to cut very small branches , etc because they are light-wieght .
 This product is a not as advertised , all the packaging says `` Made in USA '' but the clipper says `` Taiwan '' in small letters on the blade .
 Not too long after I bought these loppers the blade cracked on a 3/4 inch shrub and then later broke . I am going to call Corona and see what they offer as far as a replacement . Granted they were n't that expensive , but the blade to break was not something I expected . I would not recommend these for any kind of use . If Corona does right by me I will post a follow up . Let 's see if they stand behind their products .
 I have two other Corona loppers that are high quality and have served me for years . After purchasing these loppers I did notice they were not as easy to cut small branches as my other loppers . Today after cutting back green bush branches about 1/2 inch in diameter the rubber bumper broke completely off the shears . The rubber is held in place with a die cast metal part that I predict will fail on every one of these shears . Other Corona loppers and hand shears are great but stay clear of this engineering flop .
 Ok , so they * are * called `` Mini Shears '' , but beware they are VERY small . They will literally fit in the palm of your hand , and are only about 4 inches long . Do n't purchase these if you have serious pruning to do .
 Corona used to have a reputation for quality tools . China made sure that is no longer the case . This pruner will hang on my garage wall as a reminder to never buy another Corona product ... unless it is a cold beer . Also . . What the heck is `` Polyamid '' ?
 flimsy , useless for anything bigger than small , soft stems.not worth the money .
 I bought these and finally set one up on Halloween . Intended to use all three , but it was so cheap and didnt fit together well , I had to tape it together , threw it out today . Asking for a refund for the other two
 I purchased this today from a local store for $ 2.00 . Using it with the sprinkler head did n't work as the water runs down the outside of the spout and all over your shoes etc. . Next you need to be careful where you sit it as it the leaves a small pool of water . If a person is planning on using it without the sprinkler head it may be okay . I do n't think it 's worth the $ 2.00 I paid for it .
 I ordered this repellent to take to Africa . The scent was overpowering . The idea of this toxic substance penetrating my skin and clothing put me off and I never did use it .
 The product shown in the picture is not the same product that is shipped . I have used the pictured product and like it . The product shipped is is lighter gauge . I believe this is false advertising .
 this sign looks really nice . i was very excited to receive it . but when i opened the package , i found that one of its corners is broken . it is still hanging on somehow , so im just gon na try and fix it . beats having to ship it and wait even longer for a replacement or refund .
 Purchased to overseed my two acre hilly lot . Very solid construction and great tires ; 15 minute assembly . To my disapointment , the spreader did n't spread tall fescue grass seed even when on a maximum setting . The seed just gets stuck in the small holes feeding the spreader . I 'm expecting it to work fine with fertilizer .
 Not happly with the speader . No shut off when your on the mower if you stop fertilizer pours out the bottom so you have to jump off the mower and quickly trun it off and only holds enough for a 1/2 a acre at setting 7 for the same price you can buy a larger oneDonald , Marseilles , IL
 Very frustrating to order this AFTER I READ A REVIEW THAT SOMEONE GOT ONE SENT TO THEM WITH OUT ALL THE PARTS , and then receive one without all the parts . What the hell ? How can you be in business and not be able to send out a product with all the parts ? Now I have to ship the thing back and put up with the frustration of not having the spreader that I need . What a serious pain . This company needs to get their crap together ! I Guess it is my fault for not heeding the warning of someone else .
 When I opened the box I immediatley smelled a strong odor of weed and feed . The poly cover reeked of herbicide . Bolts were missing and so was the tow bar attachment . I returned the product and replaced it through one of Amazon 's competitors . No problems at all with the replacement .
 I have the Craftsman 22 '' big wheel mower model # 917.388152 . This is a good wheel but will not fit my application . The hub bearing spacing -LRB- thickness -RRB- on my wheel is 2.0 '' this one has a spacing of 1.75 '' . Again this was a good quality wheel but the wrong part for my Sears mower .
 I was so excited about getting this GOLD eagle for my Dad for his birthday . The picture shown beside the item I purchased was GOLD . I received a SILVER eagle and the company would not exchange it for me without several fees . I am unhappy with our purchase , but do not want to pay MORE for a flagpole topper . I simply wanted to exchange it for the GOLD eagle they led me to believe I was purchasing . The 121.88 was already enough . Make sure you do n't get tricked by the GOLD eagle they show you , it is NOT what you get.Viki
 Do n't think you are getting 6 eight ounce cans of Lawnboy oil when you purchase this item . If you read the add it 's for 6 -LRB- part # 89932 -RRB- which is 4 ounce bottles not the 6 eight ounce cans -LRB- part # 89930 -RRB- which is pictured in the add so beware .
 Beware the item depicted is n't what you will receive.They show an 8oz can but you receive 4oz bottle .
 Just got it and am having trouble getting a consistent flame from the smaller burner . The large burner seems to work fine . The small burner -LRB- which uses a different kind of burner ie . cheaper -RRB- does not produce an even flame pattern . It is difficult to get lit since most often it pops and the flame goes back into the venturi section -LRB- where the gas injector and damper meet -RRB- . I have tried a range of setting for the damper -LRB- which is the only adjustment -RRB- without any consistent success . I am waiting for a response for Camp Chef . More to follow .
 This ended up being the wrong part . The pitch on the teeth was wrong for my Poulon Pro 295 . More info on what this part will work in would be nice .
 Leaks , unstable , water barely flows , bottom level was broken , $ 200 + down the drain , I do not recommend this to anyone not worth the money
 I received this item on time and in appropriate packaging . Which is great . BUT , -LRB- and this is a fully robust , strong , and passionate `` BUT '' -RRB- it does not work . I bought one here on Amazon.com to use in a very small basement room -LRB- 4ft x 5ft -RRB- and I put them all around the room . and all the mice did was poop on them . They did n't eat through the bag like it said it was supposed to - online . It definitely does n't say it on the box . I threw them away because they were just sitting there , Ueless!But your typical glue traps , snap traps , or for you `` animal lovers '' those mice/rodent housing traps.Please save your money .
 Do n't buy this one . I blew it with just 2 panels and its supposed to handle up to 7 or so . And the company that makes them does n't know a darn thing about the unit . Just a marketing company . Buyer beware is my thought on this product .
 First of all , there was very poor communication with the seller . A piece arrived broken and they were n't very forthcoming with information , although I got the piece finally . And now , the firepit is rather hideous sitting out on our patio with the top totally rusted . I do n't like this at all . I 'm very sorry I bought it and will probably try to unload it at a yard sale .
 The spatula and tong portion of this product is very small . Too small to flip a hamburger . It would be ok to use with french fries .
 We purchased an MTD snowblower -LRB- 13 HP Tecumseh Snow king engine with a 33 '' cut -RRB- via an Amazon affiliate
 It was waste of money and time . 3rd party seller , ACE hardware , took 10 days to deliver.It is not effective against german cockroaches . I found another product that kills instantly .
 Be cautious when purchasing anything from Astonica . As you will not know whether what you order will arrive in one piece , without pieces or turn out to be a different item all together . Hence , if you like to gamble , go ahead , but I can only recommend that you be cautious .
 I purchased this for my wife for Mother 's day . The package arrived in tough shape . Part of the wood on the back piece had broken off and three of the screws that held one of the wood arm rests had snapped in half . I called to order replacement parts . They just arrived yesterday in a very beat up box . Actually , they sent entire bench . Surprisingly , the bench was intact -LRB- with only minor scrapes on the wood arm rests -RRB- . BTW , customer service associated with obtaining the replacement parts was good.I left the original bench up and the finish on the wood seat pieces has -LSB- b -RSB- already -LSB- / b -RSB- deteriorated significantly . I would not recommend this bench .
 The wooden slats were not properly planed nor finshed . My bench has not fared well in the elements either . I expect this to last me about two years before I toss it .
 I purchased this item for my sister-in-law who has a wonderful lawn . I purchased it long before her birthday and when she opened it to put it together not all parts were there and she was very disappointed . Wound not recommend this item .
 First a few unique washers were missing . I called the customer service number and was told '' ... I 'll let them know ... '' Who is `` them ... '' THEY NEVER CAME ... Finally I sent Bird Bath Back ... Amazon might want to talk to these people . . POOR customer service . . in fact . . NONEXISTENT !! . . A few washers missing and the whole thing leakes ... Ashame . . it seems like a nice piece ...
 It would be great if the squirrels actually liked these logs since they go through real corn so quickly , but , unfortunately , it gets left pretty much untouched for weeks .
 My squirrels would n't even touch this item . After sitting on the feeder for two weeks , I finally took it off , broke it up into pieces and put it on the ground . I thought the birds might like it or the squirrels might pick the pieces up off of the ground , but they did n't . Not even the pigeons would eat it . I left the pieces on the ground another week thinking maybe the Racoons were hungry enough to eat it . NO LUCK !
 Squirrels do n't touch it . If you are buying food , then I suggest you stick with corn ... the real stuff and you will have success .
 I have ordered from them before and was very happy . So this time I ordered more and I am so sorry . I opened the box and to my horror the product was brown ! It is to be a corn color of yellow . It is from ground corn . Tryed to call , on hold for 15 minutes then got a person that had no idea what I was talking about . He wanted me to ship it back ! The shipping was well over 25.00 . Each weights 32oz and I have 20 ! His computer was down and he could call me back in 30 minutes . Never happened . I am just sick over this . I do n't dare put this out for my birds and squirrels to eat . Do n't know if safe . Out now over 150.00 dollars . Please learn from my mistake !
 Did you like the product . It was too hard for the squirrels.thought they were going to crack their teeth.I used 2 and threw the rest away .
 this product gets paws down from my squirrel 's . They wont touch it and not even a nibble . This product sucks . . at least according to my neighborhood squirrel 's .
 I 've ordered this product numerous time , but the last time I ordered it they smelled rotten The squirrels would n't even eat it .
 I put this out and left it for over a week and it was completely ignored . They much prefer the Birdola 54332 Squirola Big Ol-Feet Kob-Feet Squirrel Food . Watching them in my small back yard was very enjoyable until I put out the `` log '' . I ended up throwing it in the lake which the snapping turtles & fishes enjoyed very much . I guess it gets very soft or something because it did n't last very long at all .
 What a bummer ! My squirrel family was not the least bit interested in these . Even worse they lasted outside a week without a nibble . Not even thepesky late night scavengers like our possum family or the raccoon 's ... nobody . I threw them away because usually if I leave something out its gone before nightfall and if I forget to bring in whatever little is not eaten the possum 's will make a huge mess of a buffet out of it so a week without any interest is truly ridiculous .
 This has been up for about a week now , with no takers . I had a racoon the other night clean out the bird feeder so I thought he might come for this too . I found it this morning on the deck , so he must have tried it and was n't impressed . I guess I 'll go back to the corn cobs as I know the squirrels like them . At least I did n't waste too much money !
 The Squirrelog just did n't work ! The squirrels just did n't like it . It stayed on the feeders for a few weeks and at a closer look I noticed it had mold on it . They never touched it . I actually knocked them off the feeders and threw them near the edge of the woods ... squirrels still did n't even touch them . They still enjoy the fresh corn we provide , but I was really hoping for the product to be a success : - -LRB-
 We 've got lots of squirrels on the property , but I 've had two of these out for two weeks , and not even a nibble on either of them . They 're cheap enough to give it a shot , but I 'm about to throw them in the compost bin . BTW , I live in the SF Bay Area , and it 's getting cold and all the critters are chowing down on everything they can get their hands on ... except these . Hmmm maybe I can use them as repellents in some way ?
 When I first moved to the mountains , I put out food , but the squirrels ate it so fast that I immediately bought this product hoping it would last more than a day . It was great . It lasted many days , and the squirrels were very happy . I liked it so much that I bought a case of them . I would have rated this product a 5 at that time.Then I started feeding the squirrels peanuts and corn cobs , while keeping this product out at the same time . I figured they could eat up the peanuts and corn cobs early in the morning and munch on this product later in the day . Once the squirrels got used to the peanuts and corn cobs , they stopped eating this product . Spoiled squirrels do n't like it.The only time they will start to eat this product again is if I do n't put out any other food for days , and after many days without other food , they get hungry . It 's interesting how the majority of squirrels wo n't touch it , yet some other squirrels really like it . So , do n't assume all squirrels will love it .
 They arived healthy and green , but soon started looking bad and 2 of the 3 have turned brown and are looking dead .
 ORDEFED A KONA AND ARABICA PLANT . THE ARABICA COFFE PLANT WAS SENT BUT , DID NOT RECIEVE THE KONA PLANT . AFTER , I COMPLAINED ALL THEY SAID WAS POST OFFICE SAID IT WAS DELIEVERD . YES , THE ARABICA COFFEE PLANT WAS RECIEVED , BUT , THE KONA PLANT WAS NOT INCLUDED IN THE SHIPPING . JUST A MATTER OF PAYING FOR SOMETHING I DID NOT RECIVE IRRATES ME , PLUS THE COMPANY NOT WILLING TO BELIEVE A CUSTOMER AND SEND OUT A PLANT SHE ORDERED . VERY DISSAPOINTED.PATRICIA SCOUFOS
 Troybilt Bronco and Super Bronco are poorly built machines . The construction and design look like they were done by someone who never used a tiller.MTD has destroyed the Troybilt reputation with sub standard quality.They should quit embarassing the founders .
 We ordered this product back towards the 1st part of July . After several phone calls it finally arrived the 1st part of August . The add said it would ship within 3 days . When I uncrated the product I found the air filter housing had been broken , the choke lever was in the bottom of the crate . I tried piecing it back together and finally called Polsteins Home & Beyond . I was told that they needed to talk with their manager and would try to ship a replacement part to me . I waited and never heard back . I tried calling again but was put on hold for over 15 minutes then the phone call dropped . I sent an e-mail . I heard back within a day that they reviewed my complaint and would send me the information via e-mail with instructions on how to return the tiller . It has been two days and I still have not received anything from them . So if you are asking if we are satisfyed ... no by a long shot .
 The handle is to short unless your under 5 ft tall . The metal part of the hoe bends . The description did not represent the Hoe that I received . Do not buy `` Do it Fiberglass Hoe '' unless you are 5ft or less in height working in soft dirt .
 I first saw Spray-N-Grow advertised on QVC , and the glowing testimonials really piqued my interest . So I did some research on-line , and found more of the same . I wondered , if a product is so darn good , the apparent answer to a gardening maiden 's prayer , and if it 's been around for so long , why is n't more heard about it ? But I ordered a bottle anyway , and set out to supercharge all my flowers and veggies.Let me say here that I am great at following directions . I used a new sprayer that was scrupulously washed prior to use . I read the literature in detail several times over , mixed the product exactly as told , even using laboratory glassware to measure it , watched the appropriate orange color develop , waited for the prescribed time before applying it , and applied it exactly as told , and then sat back to observe the miracle.Except for geraniums -LRB- pelargonium -RRB- , everything that I sprayed it on either died or was seriously damaged . Plants developed yellow blotches on the leaves and wilted badly , some never to recover . A tomato that was flourishing was badly stunted and yellowed , and has not recovered . It is dying . A couple of pepper plants that were also doing nicely were severely wilted by the next day . Rather than pull them up , I just left them , and now , two months later , they are just beginning to recover -- too late in the season to develop any fruit . Flowering plants were badly damaged , including some Sheffield mums that collapsed and died . As I mentioned earlier , except for a couple of geraniums , nothing that I used the Spray-N-Grow on escaped its poisonous effects unscathed.Whether mine came from a batch that was somehow contaminated at the factory , I do n't know . I DO know that it was n't contaminated here ! I had very high hopes for the product , and I was let down badly . Whatever the reason for this S-N-G fiasco , I would never recommend this stuff to anyone for anything .
 In my neighborhood , I am the `` container garden queen '' . I am currently -LRB- in June 2012 -RRB- on my fourth week of using Spray n Grow . So far I have lost all the impatiens -LRB- 22 or 23 plants -RRB- . They simply yellowed out and then dropped off . The plants came from various nurseries , so I do n't think it was the plants . The salvia is yellowing out now . Do n't want to lose them so will stop using the product on them . The geraniums on the other hand LUV this stuff . I have never seen such great reactions on a geranium before . Due to the fact that no warnings are given for certain plants , I give this a one star and am still insecure to use it on anything except the geraniums . P.S. I am also seeing negative results on begonias , but not as bad as the impatiens . The impatiens I have in the ground are also crapping out .
 Have only used the product once . So far , no significant signs of change when used on houseplants . Will try it on outside plants when weather warms up .
 Ca n't say I noticed any difference at all . Not at all . Then again , I am no master gardener like some claim to be . I am no shill either .
 I bought two of these so that my husband and I could use them on our chairs at the beach . Mine did clamp on the chair , but kept swinging around in the wind . My husbands had a faulty clamp so he never could use his . Figured it would cost too much to ship it back so we threw it away . Now looking for a full-sized sand umbrella .
 I had high hopes for this product . Unfortunately , I was sorely disappointed . The very first time I used this umbrella , the plastic clamp broke . I will not buy this product again .
 The umbrellas looked nice and I bought them because I have had similar for the local swimming pool lifeguard chairs . These umbrellas , however , were made very cheaply ... all broke the first day they were used !
 What a scam ! The advertisement says 4/case , which I take to mean -LRB- 4 -RRB- 1-gallon bottles in a case . When you get to the site to buy , it 's only one 1-gallon bottle . SuperThrive is great stuff , but I hate to be baited and switched !
 I am a master gardener and apparently in the wrong business ... I have tried pretty much every additive , bio and synthetic supposed plant helper on the market . I have actually done controlled experiments with this product on 5 peppers -LRB- 5 with 5 without -RRB- and found ABSOLUTELY NO difference with it . No difference at all ! I have also tried it on coffee plants and more ... Im sure it has vitamins in it as it smells like one in the bottle but you can get better results with natural AZomite for a ton cheaper without the hokus pokus . Dont expect a jack in the beanstalk story because its not magic and its nothing special but a multi vitamin in a bottle . Its hokus pokus claims and a total rip off in my book . Just look at the label and see the circus and claims which are NOT proven or proof . They should be exposed for their false claims and sued for false statements especially charging this much money for a typical vitamin . Stick with good old fashioned compost and it will blow you away . FYI , the seller of this product Hydro Harrys is a great outlet with great products and selection . Its where I buy all of my hydroponic supplies . Lastly , the lady that gave this the 5 stars and thinks she is going green with this , its a synthetic product ... NOT organic .
 I bought this to replace the belt on my sears snowblower made by MTD . Original belt lasted 15 winters . This belt is not nearly the same quality and has a rubber cogged bottom as opposed to a solid fully covered bottom . This causes quick wear and does not allow for complete disengagement of the drive pulley . Recommend that if you have a Sears unit you pay a few bucks extra and get the original quality belt . It will save you time and money in the long Run .
 Buyer Beware!This thing works great at low altitude levels but beware once you get up above 4000 feet . I had one and tried to run it at just under 5000 feet and it died . You will need to purchase jets off the internet for about 22 bucks and that may solve your problem . I camp alot above 8000 feet so I just returned it.At 1200 feet where I live it ran most things well . Including the microwave in my trailer . It would not run my 7 inch Craftsman skill saw if I pulled the trigger quick . It did n't like the start up . I would not recomend this unit for running larger power tools on it.If you have the choice go with the Honda or Yamaha . It is worth the few extra bucks . This is my second China made generator and my last .
 I bought a Kipor portable generator 2000 watts . When it arrived it would not start . The cord rewind finally broke . I returned it to the seller and he shipped me another one . When it came it would not start . The seller suggested resetting the spark plug gap . It finally started but run rough . I did not use it for several months . When I tried to use it again it would not start . Finally after changing the spark plug it started but quit running . I have not been able to find the problem and it is out of warranty . I finally bought a honda with a 2 year warranty that works great .
 I have owned this generator since December 2009 . When I first used it , it worked fine . Mostly used it outside during August 2010 to power a fan . One day in August , it stopped working so I took it back to the place I had bought it from . They had it in their shop for 6 months working with the Kipor people to figure out how to fix it . The Kipor people would send the wrong part etc etc. . Then , I got it back . I used it once to operate a light that I bought that hooks on to it . It worked . A few weeks later , I went to use it again and it started but it gave no power . I took it back to the place I bought it from . After 6 weeks they tell me the inverter is bad . They are trying to get a replacement from Kipor but they are not sure if they will even get the part this year and it 's only May . I think I got a lemon but I am thinking that Kipor only sells lemons because when I go back to the place I bought it , they always have several being worked on . I strongly suggest that you spend your money on something other than a Kipor .
 The package arrived by UPS . The outer carton was severely damaged . I would have refused the item but the UPS driver did n't knock on the door , just left the package and left the premises.The items was broken . The glass components were separated from the metal components and the glass was cracked and shattered.I immediately notified Amazon and they arranged full credit to my account . However , they wanted the item returned by U.S. Postal Service . The shipping container was too damaged and too big for the USPS to accept it . I 've notified Amazon of this and they asked me to ship it back by UPS . I 've called UPS to arrange a return and they do n't seem interested in picking up a package that they damaged.I 'm stuck with the item , waiting for someone to want it enough to take it off my hands.Please , Amazon , arrange for someone to pick this up . I do n't want to pay for a new shipping carton , nor do I want to drive 25 miles to the nearest Post Office to beg them to take the thing off my hands.And by the way , I really object to this growing practice of rating every thing on-line . In this case , nothing , not the item , the shipper , or the service are worth wasting the energy or time to rate.It 's a juvenile practice , I want no part of it .
 In the description or anywhere else dose it say that there a low lift blade so i assumed that they were a hi lift blade but in receiving them found that they were a low lift . Now what am i going to do with 6 worthless low lift blades ?
 similar to another reviewer , one of the ` leaf ' pieces was broken off . Really thin plastic in this area . I glued it back on rather than the hassle of sending it back . Poor packaging from the manufacturer is likely the reason as there was no visible damage on the outside of the box .
 I ordered four of these , all were seriously defective and of extremely poor construction . The first one literally broke in two when I opened the box . The fiber reinforced resin ... well , it was n't reinforced where the stand joins to the Pedestal top , just a thin cheap plastic that fractured like , welll , cheap thin plastic . . When I lifted the second one out of the box , the base crumbled in my hand . I did n't bother opening the other two boxes .
 Unless I point the light wand directly at the sun OUTSIDE THE HOUSE it does n't seem to register that there is enough light for any plant . I do n't know much about light meters but this does not seem right . I have several plants in that room and they do great . The sensor is very small -LRB- about 3/8 of an inch -RRB- at the end of the wand and sets down inside the wand . The tip of wand itself casts a shadow on the sensor unless I point it directly at the sun . I think a better light meter would have a larger sensor on it . This one is useless to me . I would not recomend this light meter to anyone .
 This light meter is so inaccurate that it is worthless . It does not measure light in footcandles with any degeree of accuracy . It is worhtless .
 This item is listed incorrectly . I ordered from Pet Solutions the woodpecker value pack as advertised with TEN suet cakes and received only ONE . I called the company and was advised these items are listed incorrectly and it is for only ONE cake . The company said it would credit my Amazon account .
 The picture of this item does not capture the carnival-clown stripe color mix that this really is . If you like Circus-Circus in Vegas this is the bench pad for you . The picture makes it look like several broad toned conservative stripes.I do n't think Cher would keep this fabric . YUCK
 Use a 5/32 by 5/8 Woodruff Key available at most hardware stores at a fraction of the price
 This hose looks cheaper in person . It 's definitely not as dark as it appears in the photo . You can actually see through the hose . The pressure is very low , as was described in a previous review . The main reason for the low rating is that it states on the box to not drink water from the hose because of lead . I wo n't be filling up the kiddie pool with this or letting my kid around the hose .
 Seems to be constructed well , but it really restricts water flow . I ca n't even use half the settings on my spray nozzle due to the lack of pressure caused by the very small diameter of this hose . I doubt this would work well at all with a sprinkler . If I had n't thrown out the box , I 'd be returning it .
 I wanted a hose that I did not need to roll up and would not be strewn all over the yard . This hose sounded perfect . The first day I got it I stretched it to it 's full length . When finished , the hose just sat there . It did not recoil . I have one of this type of hose at another home and it coils after being stretched . I will try to return though I no longer have the packaging . Very disappointed .
 I purchased this item August 1 , 2010 . It arrived in a very timely manner , undamaged . That is n't the issue . I have been gardening for quite a while now so I know what tools work for me . And this one absolutely does not work . Although it does seem to be well made and the price is great , I feel the design is flawed . Most glaring , I think the hatchet blade is way too short and thick . Upon opening the package , I took it into the garden to start chopping away at some of the underground roots that inundate my shade garden . The hatchet is so short that it barely breaks the soil surface . The 3-prong `` claw '' is useless to me because the metal is too thick and the tines are set too close together to get at anything . I 'm just sorry my 15-year-old hatchet/claw gave out because I never would have ordered this . This has been my experience with this useless thing . I left it out in the alley for the junkman .
 The picture of this item does not capture the carnival-clown stripe color mix that this really is . If you like Circus-Circus in Vegas this is the bench pad for you . The picture makes it look like several broad toned conservative stripes.I do n't think Cher would keep this fabric . YUCK
 No idea what this is supposed to do but I got frustrated and threw it away - maybe I was doing it wrong
 The Mantis 2-cycle gasoline powered tiller arrived as scheduled by Amazon . It took about 30 minutes to assemble . I gased it up and it started . A few minutes later , I noticed a puddle of gasoline had leaked onto the garage floor . I called Mantis . They said that I would have to take it to an approved Mantis dealer for its repair.The nearest Mantis dealer was about 30 miles away . I asked if Mantis would reimburse me for that travel expense . They refused . They then told me that they would pick it up to return it to their facility in Southhampton , PA for its repair - however , that I would have to disassemble and repackage it in its original box before they would pick it up . That meant that I would have to reassemble it when it was returned . NO THANKS.Amazon will not allow its return and apparently there is no way to contact Amazon . You simply CAN NOT contact Amazon.I will never purchase another Mantis product . Apparently their quality control is so inept that they can not detect something as simple as a fuel leak before they ship a product . Also , I will never purchase anything from Amazon that is not returnable - Amazon 's policy , not mine.I would advise against purchasing any Mantis product OR purchasing anything from Amazon that you can not return . All of this is based on my recent experience .
 I purchased this tiller based upon the many favorable reviews that have been posted . Maybe I am doing something wrong because my impression is not that great . I have reviewed the CD often as to the proper procedure but i still am not happy with it . I have been tilling in fairly soft ground and two times I have had this tiller skip across the top of soil and up my leg . I view this machine as dangerous . It seems that you have to go backwards with this tiller instead of it moving forward .
 This is my second Mantis . I loaned my first one to a friend , and it came back needing repairs beyond value . So I traded it in - Mantis gave me a decent credit for my 10 year old non working machine , and got the new machine with the `` fast start option '' . Now staring year 3 planting . Tiller starts , then dies , restarts then dies . Start and give it throttle and it dies . It will restart and die several times in succession but then the engine seems to flood . Or you give up . Contacted the help desk , they recommended the maintenance . But I do n't have the hours maintenance recommends other than `` new gas '' . The maintenance recommended by Mantis and referred to in an earlier review is lengthy and worthy of a working farm . This is far more than the average home gardener wants to spend on the gas power tools . Some maintenance - like removing the cover to clean the exhaust screen - required significant machine dismantling to get to two Philips head screws . Simply bad engineering . Once you have the plastic cover off , assuming you get that far , the screws are so hard to turn you risk stripping them . The space is very limited to do this work , so prepare your knuckles for damage . The already limited shops to repair the Mantis seems to disappearing too . So you are on your own . My new machine has about 20 hours on it , but I found even with my old Mantis getting it to start was an art . I managed many a blister pulling that starter cord . The sell picture of a gray haired woman smiling as she tills her garden could only be true if her son is law owns a small engine repair shop . I used to be a big fan , but I think the quality is gone - for the machine and the engineering . I am looking elsewhere , and my $ 300 2 year old machine is going for scrap .
 I paid > $ 300 for this P.O.S. It 's well made for what it is -LRB- with one exception I will scream about below -RRB- but the underlying concept is critically flawed.Pet peeves :1 -RRB- Limited usefulness in REAL , non ideal circumstances where roots and weeds may choke a space being tilled . Even when a space is not that choked . I mean the type of real life garden that is never , ever shown by the paid models tilling in the TV ads . What happens is that , as you till , roots and stems wrap so-so tightly around the shaft of the tiller that the clump of weeds and dirt eventually stalls the tiller , and before that its effectiveness diminishes greatly . In typical spring tilling I have to remove the tines and clean off the shaft several times . BIG waste of time . The smallness of the tiller and the delicacy of the blades make it get clogged with weeds extremely quickly . That 's the flawed concept of this product , it 's too bleeping tiny for real life use in real gardens .2 -RRB- The engine is the typical balky 2 cycle type that goes LOL ! HA HA ! I WO N'T START ! LULZ ! in your face as you get blisters trying to start it . Typical tilling session this evening
 I saw all the great reviews . Sadly it rarely starts for me . I took it to 2 shops and yes it ran after costly repairs each time . Now I want to sell it and it wo n't start . yes , I can read and I do it by the book.I will get the Troy electric.Wanna buy it cheap?Kayak4evr@aol.com
 I purchased this tiller in May of 2010 . It started acting up the second time I used it but it still ran . I used this tiller three times in 2010 for some light tilling.I tried to fire it up in the Spring of 2011 and it would not run . I flushed out the gas changed the spark plug to an Autolight and checked the air cleaner for debris . I was able to get it to run with very limited results with the choke half on.I tried the tiller again about a week later with the same results.I emailed Mantis within the one year return policy and was surprised to find out that the one year refund policy only replies if you purchased this tiller directly from Mantis . I have since filed a complaint with the BBB.I would recommend that you do not purchase this tiller or any other product from this company . Their customer service is not consumer oriented.I have since purchased the Honda 4 stroke tiller with excellent resutlts . I have to admit that I was very surprised and apalled at the lack of customer service from Mantis . I informed them that I would spread the word about their poor customer service . You can take this review for what it is worth . I 'm fed up with poor customer service . I will never purchase another product from Mantis in my lifetime.I feel the negative reviews of this product are dead on with the machine that I received . You may get a good one . If you do not do n't expect Mantis to back this tiller . I was really dissapointed.Good Luck , Ryan Griffey
 I bought a Mantis Tiller about two years ago . It lasted until the warrenty ran out . I sent it back to Mantis , and was told it would cost around $ 200.00 to repair . I told them to send it back to me . I junked it and bought a HONDA . No comparison . The Honda is much better . I will NEVER buy another anything that has the Mantis name on it .
 hello . i have owned two Mantis tillers . The first one lasted 6 years . This second one is 3 years old . i could n't use it at all last year because i could n't get it started . i spent hours taking it apart . I found some problems which i corrected . today i really wanted to use it but after pulling the cord 150 times , it would n't stay running for more than one second . I am so completely sick of this pile of junk . I dont care how wonderfully it works IF you can start it , any power equipment that wont start is worthless . I will never buy another two stroke Mantis . Nothing but a hateful piece of junk . Do yourself a favor - Love yourself and buy the Mantis with the Honda four stroke motor . When it works , it does a great job .
 There seems to be a fundamental flaw in the basic design of the carburetor . From opening the package it was obvious they had moved production to China to save money . The unit does not have that polished appearance that you see on other small engine devices . It takes some effort to get it started , and it slowly got worse . 3 months later , it will start but not stay running longer than a few seconds . The primer bulb broke within a few months , I replaced it , the air filter , and the spark plug . I also only used fresh fuel . In short , I have done everything reasonable with a small engine.I called Mantis and was told to buy fresh fuel and to pump the primer bulb 25 time , let it sit for an hour , then do it again . This did not fix the problem.I suggest buying a different tiller.I took the tiller to a Authorized Repair center for repair . The center said the problem was with the carburetor . Mantis refused to cover the repair even though the tiller was only 3 months old . Mantis claimed I used `` old fuel '' . The oldest fuel ever used may have been 3 weeks old . Most times I used it I went and bought new fuel . If you do buy this tiller please buy new fuel EVERY time you use it , and drain it after every use , or you will have to pay for the repair yourself . it is VERY picky . Again ... poor design .
 The Mantis tiller is great while it works . However , after using it one season and storing it properly according to directions , I get nothing but blisters and a sore shoulder trying to start it . Small 2-cycle engines are usually a pain , but I 've never encountered one as unreliable and hard starting as this .
 I bought this tiller about 3 or 4 years ago . I considered returning it at the end of the first summer because it was so difficult to start . Once it did start , though , it was great at tilling the difficult packed clay around our house . However , I 've never been able to get it efficiently running since that first year . In fact , I ca n't get it running at all the last 4 summers . The first summer that it had issues , my father had borrowed it , and I just thought he could n't get it started because of it 's usual difficulties . By the time I realized late in the summer that it would n't stay running at all -LRB- past idling -RRB- , it was past the return period . Last year , I bought new air filters , a new fuel filter , a new spark plug , and tried again - still no luck . Now , the most I can do is manage to get it started with giving it only slight gas . If the choke is completely closed and/or I try to give it full gas to run it , it cuts out - and that 's if I can even get it to that point.Considering it was always extremely difficult to start - even that first year when it ran fine once it did start , I should 've realized early that it would be a problem . That first year it would sometimes take me 20 minutes to get it started.I have used other tillers - some bigger , some smaller - and this one still did the best job and difficult clay . However , considering how poorly it has run , if it has at all , I can not recommend this product .
 It works pretty good , but it is hard to start it . The system is too complicated , and I am a 40 yo male who works out 4-5 times a week . But I have difficulty getting it started . Most time , it causes a blister pulling the chain before it would start . That is the main concern .
 My wife bought me a Mantis tiller as a birthday present three years ago after we read all the good reviews and advertising . Unfortunately , I must have gotten a lemon . I was n't able to use it much the first year as I was deployed overseas , and since then it has always been difficult to start and keep going , in spite of my being fairly mechanically savvy and my calls to the helpful and well-informed customer service representatives at Mantis . I thus have only gotten about three hours of use from it , as it is usually just too much trouble . Recently , while cultivating about two inches deep , admittedly on a fairly hard surface , the tines stopped turning and Mantis advised me to reset the motor on the drive shaft . I did this , but ca n't test it as it wo n't start and run for more than 2-3 seconds . Am going to take it to a Mantis-recommended service center now . I should have used this tiller more while it was under warranty . Be careful of this . Also , while my experience has not been extensive , I feel this tiller is best for loamy and soft soils . Do n't count on it to cultivate more packed soils around trees , etc. .
 Save your money !!! I bought this POS brand new and could only get it to start after 2.5 hours of fiddling with it . It ran for 10 minutes and that was it . I returned this worthless piece of junk and bought a Honda FG110 . Much better machine . Mantis should be ashamed of themselves for even selling this piece of garbage . My uncle had a Mantis that has run like a champ for 15 years so I guess their quality just is n't the same . Sad .
 the tiller was a great price and it was not hard to put together the only problem with it is that it would not start right out of the box so now it has to get repaired . i bought this because they have been arount for a long time so i spent the extra money for it but now would it have been beter to go to lowes and buy a less expensive model .
 First , let me say I bought one of the original Mantis tillers about 8 years ago -- it was fantastic , but finally died . So I went right back to Mantis -- I 'm so sorry I did.Assembly and start-up was fairly clear and easy.I ran it for less than an hour . The next day , it would start and die within 5 seconds . Contacted the mfg. and followed all directions including buying fresh gas , though what I had was only 30 days old . Still wo n't stay running.My old Mantis was used once a year and started with less than 6 pulls EVERY TIME . Guess things change .
 Purchased this piece of garbage and used 5 times . Ca n't even be fixed by their `` Authorized Dealer '' . They tried 5 times . They will not honor their warranty . Buy this thing at your own risk !!!!!!
 I bought this unit from Sears . This is not the deluxe model , it does not have the kick start feature . To say this is a cold blooded machine is an understatement . Since the day I bought it I have had trouble getting it started . I have many 2 cycle machines and none have this problem . It is less than a year old . I have cleared the gas tank , checked the carburetor , changed the spark plug . It just does n't want to start if cold ! Once running is seems o.k. until you get to the end of the row , and as soon as you release the gas , it dies . A small engine shop just shrugged it off as characteristic of little machines like this . I will say that if warmed up it is easier to start . I used larger tillers in the past and wanted a lighter , easier to handle unit for my small garden thinking it would be handy for my wife ... she wo n't use it because she ca n't control it . I wish I had a bigger one , now . This thing is o.k. if the soil is loose . If compacted it will bounce all over and twist your wrists . Heaven help you if you hit a rock or root ! If all you are doing is a little cultivating in loose soil , and you have a strapping young neighbor willing to crank on it for an hour , this machine might be for you . My wife has never been able to start it . As I write this I am frustrated after spending another 3 hours on this little contraption . I grew up on a farm and used tillers for years . I do not recommend this unit to anyone .
 I 'd give no stars if I could.This piece of junk is by far the worst gas-powered thing I have ever owned . It is frustratingly difficult to start and , in the unlikely event it does , bogs down as soon as you open the throttle . You have to be a contortionist , too . Lightweight and easy to start ? Please . In the 5 + years I have had it , I have probably managed to till 100 sq ft. And , yes , I drain the tank . I 've rebuilt all kinds of gas engines and they have always run flawlessly - except this rubbish . It took a lot of effort just to get a parts list . Once I had got that , I embarked on the awful task of finding the parts . Many simply are n't available or just plain wrong . Most remarkably , the carburettor is n't available -LRB- or at least after 5 hours of researching I could n't find it -RRB- . What a joke.Buying this tool is obviously a gamble - lots of positive experiences and lost of bad ones . Mine 's bad . I know someone whose is good . I 'm going to give them mine for free so that have a supply of spare parts -LRB- assuming they fit and work -RRB- .
 My father got me a Mantis as a birthday gift . I thought , this is going to be great . Something I can use myself , not heavy , goes between rows , etc , etc. . . I have gone through 2 Mantis Tillers . Mine was purchased through Sears so I was able to bring it in for repairs without charge.The first Tiller was brought in 3 separate times with issues . Long story short , it would n't start and if by some small miracle it did start you would n't dare shut it off until you were sure you were done with the job because it would n't start again.Or , it would stall and then I would try to start it , no luck . My husband would try to start it , no luck . My father would come to visit and he would try to start it ... you get the idea . I spent the time bringing the thing back and forth for repairs that I could have used hand tilling my garden . Then sears lost my tiller . Months went by and they could n't find my tiller ! So , at my insistence they replaced the tiller . This one was every bit as bad as the first and needless to say I ended up being equally discouraged and returned the thing once and for all . I really wanted to like the Mantis , but the Mantis I am sorry to say is no gardening friend of mine . I now barter with the farmer down the road who comes with a John Deere tractor with rototiller attached and does the job in 5 minutes . For the times in between I use either black plastic in between rows or newspaper and straw to keep the weeds down . Do n't buy the Mantis . Save yourself the time and aggravation and keep looking .
 I read these wonderful reviews and thought to myself that my 2nd child should have at least 1 new toy that has n't been handed down to him from his older brother.I bought this toy when my child was 6 months old . He is now 18 months old and still devoid of love for this toy . I had envisioned imaginary picnics together , laughing while pulling the soft toys in and out of the basket and maybe even a few private minutes to collect my thoughts while my child is occupied with said chocolate ice cream rattle . None of this was the case . I tried everything to get him interested in this toy but nothing has worked so far . He likes the squeaking watermelon but as other reviewers have noted , this is parent-powered alone.He plays with a lot of toys . Just.not.this.one .
 My son loves his picnic basket , but it is missing items . We just now got it out to play with after his birthday . He received a lot of toys , so we 've slowly brought out new ones to explore . Unfortunately , the sandwich is just bread . I believe it is supposed to be two pieces of bread with ingredients inside to velcro all together . I 'm hoping the seller can send me the sandwich ingredients that are missing . Otherwise , it is a super cute and fun toy .
 Each time I buy this -LRB- because it is what the landlord gets us to use -RRB- the damn gophers just dig more holes . We had one hole used this the next morning we had 5 holes , got some more put it in the 5 new holes , only to wake up to a yard with more holes/mounds . This seems to attract the gophers more than kill them . So disappointed our yard looks terrible .
 After much desperation and gallons of grub killer , I finally gave in to the impulse to try this bait . I 've placed over half of it into known active runs and have had better results from letting the cats go after them digging up even more of the lawn . Now that my raised flower beds are nearly half buried every friggin morning I 'm getting several traps.This was a total waste of time and money .
 Well , I bought two of these and used as directed , and the moles just continued to destroy my yard . Save your $ 10 after shipping and get rid of your yard 's grubworms .
 I Purchased a lawnboy from Deerso through amazon online as a birthday gift for a friends mother who had a broken lawnmower . I told the mother and friend it would arrive in a few days as that 's what the website said when I checked out . Two weeks went by . It never showed up . Deerso never sent the item and amazon help said that deerso canceled the order and did not notifiy anyone . No phone call . No email . Nothing . They did not tell me or the person it was going to who now has two foot grass and is angry with me . Amazon thought deerso was probably out of stock as they quit selling the particular model I ordered that week . Because of the way the order was canceled it 's not possible to give deerso direct feedback as a seller - but beware .
 This thing is a piece of junk . It 's basically a cheap , useless decorative life ring . It was delivered with dents and dings , and they would not refund shipping either way . I need to remember to order only through Amazon and be careful of these side companies .
 I thought this would be a lot of fun but instead it was one big mess . There was no way to pour the bubbles into the gun without over flowing . The gun made enough noise that it scarred off one dog and caused the other to be more interested in it than in the bubbles . I like to entertain and be entertained by my dogs , but this was a waste of money
 I wondered how a bubble blower could work w/o batteries and well , it CA N'T . The only way to work this item appears to be to pump it 50,000 times until your armfalls off , and it still does n't work . NOt for me anyway.This thing is a ripoff .
 this does n't even work . you are supposed to squeeze the trigger , which makes air come out , but no air comes out or if it does , it 's sporadic .
 After seeing dogs having a ball playing with the bacon scented bubbles on `` It 's Me or the Dog '' on Animal Planet , I could n't wait to buy this fun toy for my puppy . The bottom line is that the bubble blower part is way overpriced -- you could most likely find one at Walmart for 1/3 the price , and my dog just sits in the grass , bored , and humors me while I play with the bubbles . Save your money . Buy a Babble Ball instead -- that has kept him fascinated & running around the house chasing it for a solid month.PetQwerks Talking Babble Ball Toy for Dogs and Cats , Small -LRB- Colors May Vary -RRB-
 It will spray but you will need to go over every screw and clamp , they will all be loose , even then you may have leaks , I did , use plain water for your test . The spray stream at the finest setting is wide , 11 '' at 1 foot high -LRB- a little to wide for me -RRB- I will need to spray from 8 '' high . a narrow stream can be had but it comes out very heavy . I needed to use a wrench and Teflon tape to stop one hose clamp from leaking , a large screw driver should have been all I needed . Also the button on top fell into the tank in three pieces , so I needed to figure out how it went together an put it back , -LRB- instruction show no button -RRB- I bought this one because of all the good reviews and it may turn out good but it started bad . UPDATE
 One of the many problems I had to solve in growing tomatoes in Puerto Rico was getting pollinated blooms on the tomato plants -- as they were dying off . I purchased this product to solve that problem . At first I thought it worked but later changed my mind . Getting numerous blooms was done by simply using compost tea -- see videos on youtube . The problem then became how to get the many blooms to pollinate -- that problem was solved by using a battery-operated toothbrush to manually pollinate the blooms -- again , see videos on youtube . THe problem now is supporting the many tomatoes as the weight breaks the stems . I found the Tomato Bloom to be useless and threw it away .
 The item that I received is NOT the item that was advertised . As another reviewer states , this cover is NOT `` heavy duty '' and will NOT protect against `` rain '' as claimed by the listing.The cover fits my Generac 4000XL perfectly -LRB- 24 '' L x 15 '' W x 24 '' H -RRB- , but that 's the only nice thing I can say . The cover is a different color , different grade of fabric , and has different -LRB- less sturdy -RRB- stitching than the product listed.This appears to be a `` bait and switch '' of some sort , and I am going to contact both Generac and the seller and complain to both . I would hesitate to spend $ 10 for the cheapo lightweight cover I received . STAY AWAY !
 This item is not sized on the web page to know how big it is . My 5 KWGenerator from Lowes is 6 inches bigger than the dimensions for this item.It was a gamble to buy it w/o knowing the dimensions for this item . I have to believe the dimensions on this are ommited on purpose .
 I must have misunderstood the description . What I should have ordered was a .325 pitch not a 3/8th pitched . But it all worked out because a friend could use that size .
 The log splitter came days after it was promised and we had to coordinate being at the house for drop off , so it was a hassle . When it arrived we were very excited -LRB- had a ton of wood to split and a bright sunny day -RRB- . Went outside in our jammies to unwrap and assemble , but it was damaged in a way that could n't be overcome . One of the key bolts -LRB- heavy , heavy gauge -RRB- was bent . Really disappointing -- if it had been non-integral damage I would have kept it . Amazon was prompt and efficient with the refund , but the cost to all of us over the long haul for this type of damage is tough in that the cost of handling , shipping , reshipping and processing the refund for a 30 cent bolt is a waste . We went to Home Depot and bought a 4 ton electric splitter -LRB- the yellow brand -RRB- and it 's fantastic .
 although the main idea of this product is good , the quality of the materials is inferior . the plastic is flimsy and does not hold its ' shape when attached to a wall , and the top does not have any kind of way to snap on to the bottom so when it is in use , the pressure from the vent keeps popping the top off . if possibly i am missing something as far as my installation or use of this product please let me know because at this point i feel i have wasted my money.I have been offered to return the product but i infortunately have thrown away the original packaging and shipping papers .
 I am very unhappy with the Tyvek covers . They leak and collect condensation . I have bought several and they have already ripped in less than 2 months . They are very expensive and not worth the money . The Koverroos iii material seems to withstand the elements better than the Tyvek . I do not recommend these unless you want to throw your money away . I have had to put a tarp under these and buy beachballs so the water will roll off . For the price , they are definitely NOT WORTH IT !
 I received these seeds and the bag was split and the seeds were everywhere . I do n't know how many of the seeds were saved but I 'm sure a lot were lost . The bags are not strong enough to survive in transit .
 I may have received a faulty cover , but all I know is that after a rain my grease trap was full of water The storage area where the propane tank is was wet .
 Based on the packaging and some blemishes on the wood , this item seemed to be a returned item . There was absolutely NO HARDWARE to put the bench together . I 'm still waiting for that . This bench was to be a Mother 's day gift , so I paid the extra shipping ` guarantee by Mother 's Day ' charges . It did arrive on time . Too bad I still ca n't put it together .
 Had a garden bench similar to this from Berkeley Forge & Foundry . It only lasted 5 years and totally fell to pieces . I would n't buy anything from them again .
 Perhaps this bench is made for indoor use only ? The wood completely rotted and the metal rusted in less than 6 years . Need I say more ?
 I have sprouted four batches of seeds from this order . Two of the four devloped a mold during the third day . I have been sprouting for a few years . I know the steps needed to prevent this type of problem but the issue still is there .
 I tried these sprouts and compared them to the Brocco Sprouts which are available at many grocery stores.The Brocco sprouts have a sharper taste indicating much higher levels of SGS , the key antioxidant . They are also twice the length and have no traces of mold -LRB- as they are specially washed -RRB- , as my home grown experiment . It also take a lot of time each day . Much healthier to just buy them grown , and there is not much of a cost savings either .
 I often sprout seeds without any difficulty . These broccoli seeds are very poor sprouters . I would recommend that one does not waste your money
 Purchased these Broccoli seeds along with another . Three trials and only 10 % of 1 run sprouted and hardly any from the other 2 runs . My other purchase , which was mixed Radish was 100 % . Do not buy , I returned them ... Terrible !!!
 I ordered several types of seeds to sprout , and the buckwheat seeds were the only failure . Sprouting them is easy , but the seeds are n't hulled , which makes the sprouts difficult to eat . Removing the hulls after sprouting is too time consuming to be worth the effort . If you 're looking for buckwheat seeds to sprout , buy a hulled variety .
 The seeds had debris in the bag , so you will need to clean it all out . Mostly was disappointed that about 1/2 the seeds did NOT sprout ! Tried another batch and the same result . DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS SUPPLIER !
 We have bought five types of sprouts from this seller and have tried four of them . Those four have sprouted well , but the sunflower seeds still have their hulls.Therefore , when sprouting these sunflower seeds , each sprout has to be removed from its hull to be eaten . It would be better to buy hulled sunflower seeds for sprouting and not to use these .
 I thought this product was very cute , however , I only give it two stars because of the workmanship related to the solar panel . The first day I received it , I followed the instructions to let the battery charge in the sun for 10hrs before turning it on . The gnomes lit up the first time I turned it on , but it was n't very bright & did n't stay on the 4 to 6 hrs as advertised . After the second night , it never turned on again . Customer service sent me a replacement battery to try , so I unscrewed the panel & I noticed that the plastic chipped off very easily around the screw hole . Thus , I could n't screw the panel back on . Furthermore , I discovered that the connections of the wiring were n't secured very well and was the ultimate source of the problem & not the battery because when I jiggled it , the light would come on . But when I let go , it turned off again . I called customer service again , and they sent me a replacement right away & did n't even ask to return the bad one . The new one would n't work at all . While they have great customer service in terms of replacing items quickly , response time , etc. , the bottom line is that the product is n't made very well . I gave it two stars instead of one because the gnomes are still cute & the fact that I now have two of them . While neither lights up , I guess I feel a little better that I have two instead of one to make up for some of the money I paid , plus customer service was very nice & responsive . I 'm sure they would have sent a third one , but my time was more valuable to put anymore effort into resolving the problem.I think anyone else would have given it only one star because of the poor workmanship and quality of the wiring & panels . I can see one not working , but two seems like the start of a bad trend . Even if the 2nd one had worked , I could n't see it working for very long , especially if you have children or pets who may accidentally trip over it , etc. as it is so easy to break . I 'd be curious to hear whether or not the other two reviewers ' gnomes still light up.Furthermore , I noticed that it was very difficult to tell whether it was in the on or off position basically because of how the solar panel was aligned with the plastic switch underneath . With the panel off , you can clearly see whether or not the on/off button was up -LRB- off -RRB- or down -LRB- on -RRB- . However , once the cover was on , there was barely a difference in height because of the rubber protective cap that goes over it . This is n't a big deal as you can figure out on vs. off by whether the light goes on or off . However , it 's a pain in the neck when it 's not working and you are trying to troubleshoot the problem unless you keep the cover off which means you need to get out your screwdriver , etc. as the cover does n't simply pop off or have a release button , and you need to be very careful to not chip the plastic around the screw when tightening it back on . Just another example of the poor workmanship.Finally , when the gnomes did work on the first/second day , I noticed that as soon as the shade began to cover the gnomes , the light was already going on . This is a problem because the light is on during the late afternoon/dusk . Therefore , by the time it really gets dark -LRB- which is not until late in the summer -RRB- when you really want to see it light up , the light is already weak and dying out , since the majority of that 4 or 6 hrs happened during the late afternoon to sunset .
 It is cute ... sat in my office for months ... with lots of positive comments . Took outside ... light worked sometimes . Paint coming off after 12 days outside ... these gnomes now live back inside ... without any solar glow !
 This stuff has had no effect on squirrels and chipmunks raiding the bird feeders . They literally sit in it to eat seeds !
 Sprayed areas where squirrels were coming into my attic , did not stop them.Installed live trap , which worked.Waste of money .
 This would be a great product IF all of the parts were included . Two of the washers were missing and one of the bolt covers as well.Precision Products 5-1/2 - Cubic Foot Garden Yard Cart with Spoked Wheels LC-150-14
 Very lightweight and will not haul as advertised . Spend a little more or you will pay twice .
 It is very nice for light work but I was using it for sand , gravel and concrete at my house . It did not stand up to it the handle broke the plastic rim broke also . It lasted about 2 days of hard work . If it is for gardening and grass clippings go for it but the 400 lbs that it says it will handle . Well let 's say I tested it and it failed .
 The Second time i used this Cart The top right corner Of bucket split open.This product is not worth a second glance .
 This is one of the worst products I 've ever purchased . The materials and design are of the poorest quality.I used the garden cart for a total of approximately 11/2 hours . The manufacturer claims that it has a 400 lb capacity . I probably had , at most , 100 lb in the cart.The first problem occurred during assembly of the cart . The pre-drilled holes in the plastic hopper were not large enough to install the provided screws . I had to re-drill the holes myself.Second , the `` hub caps '' that are supposed to keep the wheels on the axle do not work . The caps would not stay on the axle during assembly . I had to use pliers to bend the metal tabs so that they would stay on . After only 1/2 hour of yard work , both hub caps were loose . I used pliers again to retighten , but after another hour of use one of the hub caps fell off and became lost in my wooded backyard.Third , the plastic hopper cracked along the top -LRB- two previous reviewers had the same problem -RRB- . Finally , the metal handle bent and collapsed at the point where the wing nuts attach to the leg stand -LRB- another reviewer had the same problem -RRB- . The metal is crushed on the leg stand , so the handle will not stay in place.The cart is now useless after just 11/2 hours of work.I mailed a complaint letter to the manufacturer , but after two weeks I still have n't received a reply from them.I should have heeded the previous reviewers ' warnings . Avoid this garden cart.UPDATE -LRB- September 22 , 2009 -RRB-
 Crappy construction , cheap materials , and miserable warranty . I should have read the reviews but always think I wo n't get hit with the same crap someone else does . Please read and avoid this product ! I bought this as a Christmas present , so it was bought in December but the snow did n't clear intil May . first use , the handles bent at the bolts becaus they are cheap thin metal , and the lips of the cart all cracked and broke beacuse it is cheap thin plastic . And becasue it only has a 90 day warranty now I ca n't get it replaced . Got ta love it . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !!!!
 Cheap piece of JUNK !! I 'm convinced that , shopping on line is fine for those items that you already know the quality of , but it is not satisfactory to not be able to see , feel , and assess the quality of an item that you need to work with . This Precision Products 51/2 Cubic Foot Garden Yard Card is a cheap piece of plastic . The metal used is like curtin rods . I hope I can somehow send this thing back and receive a refund .
 I was looking forward to receiving the Precision Garden Yard Cart but was sadly disappointed when I opened the box . One of the tires , which should have been new , was a used tire with a warped and rusted rim . It reveals a lot about a company that places an old defected tire in a product which should have all new pieces . I will be wary of ordering a Precision product in the future .
 Since FIMCO 's email address is a state secret a I ca n't tell them directly what I think of their sprayer `` quality '' , maybe they 'll see the review here . I have a TR-40-GAS trailer sprayer , which uses a gas engine . I use it to spray round up on fence lines . I use the wand for spraying , rarely the outrigger . Ok , from front to back , here is my experience with this sprayer after 4 years of ownership . The tongue of the trailer is much too short and if you back up it will jacknife and break the carbuerator off . So I made a 4 foot extension with square metal tubing . The engine it came with -LRB- a Tecumseh -RRB- was a piece of junk . I replaced it with a Honda . The cap for the tank cracked after a few uses and I had to buy 2 new ones . They 're delicate and you have to make sure you tighten them lightly . The plastic t-connectors , elbows , etc. all developed leaks within a year so I ended up replacing them all with brass fittings . Problem solved . The plastic strainer filter assembly cracked and I replaced it with a different brand . The pressure regulator valve cracked and I replaced it with OEM part because I couldnt find an afermarket one . The wand now leaks and another one will cost me $ 50 . After putting about $ 600 more into this sprayer -LRB- Which cost me $ 700 . -RRB- it works as it should and may last another 5 or 6 years . If I had it to do over I would have bought a King sprayer and paid 2 or 3 grand and gotten it over with.FIMCO really chinced on this sprayer and they could have made it 100 % better and charged another few hundred for it and they still would have been competitive . I would gladly have paid more for a better quality one . Whoever specified the parts for this should be fired .
 The first Fimco sprayer I bought had a deformed filler hole . You could not screw the cap on the tank without beating on it . Having read the owner 's manual , I called the `` Before Returning This Product For Any Reason '' 800 phone number . I was instructed to `` Return it to the Dealer '' . Drove 20 miles back to the dealer . They exchanged it for a unit that the filler cap fit correctly . Good people . Drove 20 miles home.The second Fimco sprayer went together OK right until I went to install the spray nozzle and hose assembly to the boom . It was to short on both ends ! Called the `` Before Returning This Product For Any Reason '' 800 phone number and was told to `` Return to the Dealer '' , and they can order parts . It took about a week , but I got the opportunity to drive 20 miles back to my dealer . I thought I could get the part I needed from the unit I had returned , but someone had beat me to it . My dealer did come up with enough parts from another brand sprayer -LRB- Country Line/Green Leaf -RRB- to get mine working . Good people .
 I 've had this unit for six years . I 'll be replacing my fourth pump assembly this year . That 's about $ 80.00 . Also be prepared to replace the wand assembly every couple of year . This item is OK for occasional use , but do n't expect it to be agricultural grade or to use it more than 5-6 times without expecting something to break .
 After spreading the bait around my garage for several weeks and watching it disappear , the rats finally got tired of waiting for me to put it out and chewed through the bucket to get to the bait . Too bad it does n't seem to be poisonous enough to actually kill them -- it has been three months now and they just keep coming back for more .
 I had an infestation in my apartment . I bought this bulk motomco Mouse bait.I put blocks in all the pathway , and they eat , and eat , and eat . for more than a week.After more than a week eating , I was thinking there were more than one mouse.I bougth a trap , and put a block inside the trap . First day I catch 2 mouses . And no more dirty in my apartment after that . That was all.But now they are living for 3 days in the cage , eat all the bait block -LRB- and all the others they eat before -RRB- but they are well feed , live an moving . Nothing happened to them with the bait . Look other kind of bait .
 I live in a 2nd floor NYC apt and have been battling with the rats that have taken refuge on my fire escape . They have managed to dig through several inches of brick and establish residence in my walls . Through desperation I bought a bucket of this stuff hoping to eradicate my unwanted guests . After laying bait for weeks now , I am seeing no effect . In fact , the rat colony has grown in number and is at least a dozen strong . I have even went as far as stuffing the blocks down the rat holes only to find them unscathed and discarded to the side the next day . I really doubt this thing is even palatable to rats . The have a relatively strong odor but are as hard as cinder blocks . The poison may or may not be potent but these NYC rats are n't taking the bait.It 's past midnight now and since I started typing this review an 8 inch rat came up to my window sill . I shone my lamp at him and he stared right back me . Needless to say , I will be looking for alternative methods .
 I think that Racoons like this product more than mice . I have reverted back to old style traps.This product is far too expensive for unknown results .
 Although the rats and mice have not touched the bait they have built some nice nests in the bait stations . Total waste of money .
 This unit is similar to my old one but for some reason this unit will not work anywhere near as good as my old unit did . I tried to see if there was something obvious but there just is n't . I can go over the same spot multiple times and not get the algae but one rub with your foot and the algae comes right off . It 's like the bristles are n't even touching the surface . I do n't get it .
 I bought the packaged deal with the Vacuum hose , Hose Adaptor and the Weighted Butterfly Pool Head . Got the box and NO BUTTERFLY VACUUM HEAD !! Very poor customer service here !!!
 We had a vaccuum head for our pool that worked great . This one does not . It 's not very heavy and does n't have a lot of suction . It does clean the pool , but it takes double the time of other vacuums .
 The brushes make it difficult to push along the bottom of a pebbletec pool . I had better success cleaning our spa using a vaccum head that rolled . The brushes kick up the leaves before they can be sucked up , therefore to use this head you have to hover it above the bottom . I would n't recommend this product .
 Smells peppery but did not do anything to the white little bugs on my plants .
 I have used this outside on some of my plants . I have n't noticed changes . I was hoping it would prevent some spiders from leaving webs on my plants but that has n't happened .
 I really think this should have been included in the product description . Especially when referring to being ok for organic gardening . This is misleading and a product that is now useless to me .
 Ordered from UnbeatableSale , Inc , the very expensive -LRB- almost $ 300 for 2.5 Gal -RRB- Deer Off is constantly plugging up the sprayer . I had to discard 2 sprayers because I could not clear them even with a reverse flow from a compressor . I noticed the hardware store has a ready-to-use spray with a `` new formula '' . It has a stronger smell and a different consistency . My container looks like someone added some grits to it . Very disappointed . UnbeatableSale , Inc did not respond to my feedback .
 I used this product on half of my roses and left the other half without anything . Literally a day after application both of my sets of roses were eaten by the deer . I think the deer are going to eat my roses no matter what , but I wo n't spend money on this stuff anymore .
 I spent several hours reading reviews for deer repellents before settling on the Havahart Deer Off product . I gulped at the price , but reasoned that it was a concentrate and I would get my money 's worth . First , let 's start with the fact that the product is filled with little mushy granules that immediately clogged my garden sprayer . I had read the directions . I had shaken the product vigorously as recommended . It still clogged not only my standard gallon garden sprayer , but every other sprayer I tried to use to dispense the product . I wound up `` painting '' it on the plants I wanted to protect . And now comes the second part ... . it did absolutely nothing to protect my plants . The deer ate three quarters of everything to which I had applied the product within a week of application . Flowers , vegetables , shrubs . It was as if I had used nothing.My opinion ? This product is a complete waste of money .
 My wife used to purchase Deer Off at a local landscaping store , and there was no question that it worked . We have a lot of deer in our area , and if she kept our plants sprayed right after a heavy rain washed things off , the deer did n't bother the plants . If she forgot , it only took a day or two before the deer ate the plants.The local store stopped carrying Deer Off this year , so I decided to purchase it on Amazon . When I got it , my wife noticed that the color of the concentrate was different than before . It seems that they have a new formula , and it DOES N'T work ! -LRB- Their website confirms that they have `` improved '' their formula . -RRB- I contacted the Havahart company directly to see if they would trade me for the old formula , but they did n't even answer my email . I strongly suggest that you stay away from this product unless they return to their original , proven , formula .
 The item never arrived , and emails to Mowtownusa went unanswered . Amazon canceled my order after a month . Do n't waste your time with this company
 This product fails on two important points . The first , it does n't attract fly 's . Fly 's are attracted to decay . Golden Marlin fly bait needs to smell more like decay . It says on the label not to use in doors or near children and pets so there 's no reason it ca n't have a little more `` stink '' . Second reason it fails , it does n't kill enough flies . I have a bad fly problem around a dumpster thats near an overgrown , grassy area . It would have been great if this fly bait killed half , or even a quarter of the flies , but it barely killed any . I want Blue Streak , if any one knows who sells it let me know .
 I bought some of this product years ago and found out the hard way that it is incredibly tasty to dogs - my two dogs found it in my barn , took off with the canister and died within 30 minutes . Please keep out of reach of any dogs and be very , very careful where you spread it . Or , to be safe , just skip this and use ` fly predators ' - little tiny wasps that do not sting but eat the larvae of flies so they ca n't hatch . Much safer and more effective !
 the blue -LRB- golden -RRB- malrin does not work . i 've used the product when it was `` golden '' in color and it worked very well . i would not recommend the blue colored `` golden malrin '' to anyone . it does not attract flies -- if a fly happpens on it and eat some , they die -- but they are not attracted to it . i think i 've been totally riped-off .
 Save your money for something else its not working ... Maybe the stuff is to old or something . I 'm looking at some Maxforce Fly bait now , hope it works , it is more money .
 I purchased a can of this , placed in a bait station plus scattered it in several areas.I sat for two hours watching the bait station off and on . I only saw one fly land in the granules , eat some and take off . Nothing seemed to happen to the fly . I can smell a chemical smell to the bait , do n't they think the flies can?Going back to Quick Bayt , at least I know it works .
 It was packaged well and the price was right . Big problem was the wrong size . It said it was for the size motor I had but it was n't so as there are numerous types I would suggest if you do not have the &#34; for sure &#34; part number just take the old one down to a motor dealer and match it up .
 I work at a major renta center and this chainsaw is a piece of crap . I will bet anyone to come and start a saw on the second pull and I will give them a 100 dollars.Also their cement saws a crap.The stuff just does not start unless you pull it a 100 times .
 After reading a glowing review and seeing the price that was being offered for a Makita product . I thought I 'd give their chainsaw a try . Their power tools have a pretty good reputation.What a disappointment ! The trigger throttle lock was too sensitive and difficult to manipulate . Would not `` set '' all the time when trying too initially start the saw . Then once the saw was started when you squeezed the the throttle trigger the engine would `` die '' . Which led me to conclude that the throttle was not `` set '' properly . I was able to cold start it eventually . But then after a period of use , when I would stop . Refuel and re-oil it , and then try to start up again , the saw was extremely difficult to get started again . With less than an afternoon of usage I finally gave up ! Perhaps this particular saw just happened to be a lemon . I use chainsaws quite extensively so I do know how to use them properly.To Amazon 's credit they did refund my money . I am satisfied with Amazon 's service at this time.After receiving my refund I went out and bought a new Husqvarna 455 rancher . Wow ! What a product ! No comparison whatsoever to my Makita experience . Like night and day.I know why they tend to be a little more expensive . A greatmachine . If you want a good chainsaw thats economical I wouldgo with a Sears Craftsman . -LRB- Believe it or not I have two , and they both work great -RRB- . If you cut a lot of wood and wantsomething DEPENDABLE , powerful and durable , I would recommend spending the money and getting a Husky . I have a small Homelite and that is a great saw for the price too!This is the first time I have ever written a review . I ` mwriting this because I felt so strongly about about my negative experience . If you have never owned/operated a chainsaw before I would recommend skipping over a Makita and trying another brand first . I 've just noticed recently that not manyof the farmers out here use a Makita chainsaw . Most of themhave Husky 's . I think I may know why ...
 The thing starts when it feels like it , but usually floods by the third pull -LRB- yes , with the choke out -RRB- , then takes an hour or more to clear . I do n't have time for that-I 'm a tree service , not a hobbyist . Instead of cutting with my 24 '' Makita , I 'm having to make do with my 15 '' pro Husqvarna , which gets the job done eventually -LRB- hint hint -RRB- . 2 shops say there 's nothing mechanically wrong with that Makita , just floods . Well , that 's a useless trait for a working situation .
 Five years ago , I relied on CONSUMER REPORTS for buying my first gas trimmer . The magazine recommended John Deere . I later found out from the repairman that the unit was actually manufactured by Homelite and was totally useless : .1 . The one piece carburetor was inherently defective . In fact , the unit arrived DOA . After warranty repairs , it broke down three more times within a year .2 . When it was not in the shop , the machine ran rough if you can get it working . Starting it was a pain . I became exhausted and my arm hurt from pulling the cord . . After the one year warranty expired , I threw the non-functioning unit into the garbage . Wanting a replacement and determined `` not to be burned the second time , '' I researched the internet . The Makita EM4251 was highly recommended for the following reasons : .1 . It had a 4-stroke engine . As a result , it more `` environmentally friendly '' than the 2-stroke units .2 . It was the lightest 4-stroke string trimmer on the market with the highest power-to-weight ratio .3 . Home Depot rented this unit ... . Since rentals always suffered abuse and continuous `` wear and tear , '' they have to be commercial grade .4 . I own a Makita tools belt sander , power washer , and reciprocating saw . They are great tools ... . For these reasons , my experiences with this brand was excellent . This company 's tools are efficient , light weight , ergonomically and well designed , `` state of the art , '' durable with commercial-like qualities , `` top-of-the-line , '' and good value . This company 's products are also streamlined and `` trouble free . '' My three Makita are the perfect tools . . Based on the above , I purchased a brand new EM4251 . To my surprise , the internet evaluations and my preconceived brand assumptions were wrong , for the unit has problems : .1 . It is heavy and extremely noisy . Do not operate in the early morning - you will wake up the entire neighborhood .2 . If you overfill the motor oil reserve or tilt the weed wacker over 45 degrees , oil will leak into the combustion chamber and burn . Clouds of black , smoggy smoke belch out like an old truck with bad rings .3 . After three years of usage , starting it becomes a big problem . It takes eight to ten pulls to start the motor ... . In fact , my last experience took 35 minutes of pulling to get it going . I expect such problems from Sears , Homelite , or John Deere , but not Makita .
 Purchased this for my fine feathered friends and was very disappointed by the cheap flimsy stand . It does not hold the birdbath well and tilts very easy . The instructions are a POS . very small and you need a magnifying glass .
 I received the birdbath but the shipment was incomplete . The hardware for the stand and hanging was not included . So , I could n't use the birdbath either way and decided to return it for a full refund .
 I bought this for my mother thinking it would be light for her to be able to lift/clean vs. the traditional heavy concrete baths . I was embarrassed by the supporting base that would n't hold the bowl . The base is three separate flimsy hollow tubes . When you set the bowl onto them they spread and the bowl falls to the ground . Maybe additional parts needed were n't included ... . Regardless , the base was too flimsy and not shaped correctly to hold the bowl well anyway . I would have returned it if my mother had not discarded the box .
 The terra cotta bowl is great , wonderful , beautiful , all as advertised . The stand , however , is astoundingly poor.The way it 's all meant to assemble is shockingly flimsy . Notice the photo does n't show you how long the stand actually is , or how the other end looks . It turns out you join the three angled pieces to three straight pieces by jamming them into `` connectors , '' or one-inch brittle vinyl tubes as they 're called in the real world . They do n't fit well , but if you use too much force , the vinyl connectors shatter . One mistake and you 're either S.O.L. or committed to an even flimsier jury-rigged job.If everything goes well and you have n't busted your plastic or bent your metal rods , then you 're supposed to stick it into the ground . If you look at other birdbath stands on the market , they 're either wide at the bottom -LRB- to sit steady on the ground -RRB- , or they use two spikes to secure it firmly in the earth . This is designed with ONE rod , so right away it suffers from the wobbles . If you wanted it secure , you have to press the column of joined pieces a foot into the dirt , leaving the bowl about 2 feet off the ground . There 's your bird bath , just above knee level . It looks pretty ridiculous , and it 's well within reach of cats.I ended up hanging mine with the included chain . It works fine that way , but I ordered this so I could place a birdbath in a garden , not under a tree . I can recommend it for anyone wanting a hanging bath , at least .
 I bought this bird bath to use with the base , and was very disappointed . The base is made up of three separate pieces that come together through a connector . The three pieces are flat on the bottom and very difficult to push into the ground far enough to hold the weight of the terra cotta bowl , especially once it 's full of water . The result is that it constantly falls over .
 Very poorly designed . They 're only cute on one side , the other side has all the metal and welding where it 's attached so you ca n't really see the cute sunflower . I bought 2 to go in opposite corners , but you ca n't flip it around unless you want to see the unattractive metal.Unless you hang it so you 're unable to see the one side it 's very unattractive .
 The bristles are so thin and sparse that they had completely flattened out after 3 uses . The plast holding the thin sparse brass bristles melted when I tried to scrub my grill clean on 3rd use due to flattening out of bristles . Took forever to get the plastic off of the grill surface . Do not recommend .
 I purchase this item based upon the previous reviews . To say that I was disappointed is an understatement . After a single use one third of the bristles on this brush were folded over , rendering them completely ineffective . In fact , the bristles are so lacking in density and rigidity that it is impossible to obtain any meaningful results using this brush . I would liken it to trying to clean a grill with a hair brush . A complete waste off money . After spending $ 14 on this , I have no choice but to spend more money on a decent brush . My advice
 Best part is that the head is replaceable . Have only used a couple of times so far , and have had some of the bristles come out .
 One side is nice . The other side is meant to be hidden , has all the protruded iron fittings etc. . How do you find a place to set it up where one side will be hidden ? This is a challenge . Thus 2 stars , as I would not repeat the purchase , and have not yet resolved usage for the unit received -- that is , where this could be hung that would be compatible with its major design flaw.IF this were two-sided , then I 'd 5-star it , based on current sell price of a stained glass piece at $ 6 , together with its stated spec of holding 30lb weight.Also , what makes me particularly sad that this is not displayable at both sides is the consideration that this would have looked especially lovely as a hanging mount for one of those stained glass animal flappers made by this company -LRB- BirdBrain -RRB- .
 I bought this product after an extensive search on organic and natural insect repellents for a trip to Cozumel . We were told we were not allowed to use anything with chemicals because of the reef . I also have small kids and usually do n't put anything on them , so I thought , great , something I can use on them too when we get home . The price was right so I bought 2 bottles.First the good . It arrived quickly and packaged well . The stuff smells great ! My skin felt very silky and smooth after I put it on . Especially after spending the day in the salt water and sun.The bad ... it attracted every mosquito on the island . I was better on the night I did n't wear it . I wore no other lotion . No perfume . Nothing . I was still willing to think that maybe it was the really persistant Mexican mosquitoes eating through the spray . So , I tried again . I used it again at home in western Pennsylvania over the next week . My entire family was bitten by mosquitoes . A few days later my 2 daughters and I were bitten by chiggers over our entire arms and legs while planting flowers . I finally just stopped . I went back to my Skin So Soft . I hate the smell , but we 're not itching anymore.Hope this help !
 In parts of Dallas this year , we 've had the worst mosquitos I can remember since moving here 15 yrs ago . I really wanted this product to work so I can stop spraying chemicals on my body every time I want to sit outside . I tried it , and five minutes later , applied again as I was being eaten up . Five minutes after that , same thing . I took out the chemicals -LRB- `` Off '' -RRB- and sprayed . No more bites now .
 I ordered this to hopefully keep the mosquitoes off my 3 year old . They seem to LOVE her . I sprayed the Cactus juice all over my daughter prior to her playing outside . The spray did n't make a difference at all . She got just as many mosquito bites using the spray as she would have without . It does have a nice smell though .
 I was not crazy about the smell like some people seem to be about this product , but we tried it because Montana Mosquitos bite the heck out of us . Sorry to say this product did NOT WORK for the three of us who tried using it . Used it for three days hoping it would stop the bites , but no relief , after three different none deat products -LRB- deat causes me horrible rash -RRB- including this one , the three of us left Montana with tons of horrible bites .
 After a lot of confusion and a changed shipping arrival date by Amazon , the product did arrive within the specified time frame . Five bottles of Cactus Juice were placed in a plastic bag that was put in a box with no material to protect it . When I opened the box the plastic bag was full of Cactus Juice ! Not only is this a mess for me to clean up , I will not have five full bottles of this product . I would not order from this vendor again . I have used this product in the past -LRB- a friend had some -RRB- and it works very well to keep the flies at the Delaware Beaches from stinging .
 I recently purchased this machine as I have read good things about Tesoro detectors . However , I have to say this is about the worst detector I have used -LRB- and I have used several types and brands -RRB- . It has all one tone no matter what item is found . You usually see that on your really cheap detectors . The tones were choppy on anything greater than about 2 inches . The greatest depth I got on any item was 3-4 inches . The pinpoint was good . You can buy a lot better detector for the money .
 I like Rubbermaid 's product , but after purchased this spray nozzle . I willnever buy rubbermaid 's spray nozzle AGAIN . First the water would n't come outfrom one of the pattern , it just leaked out from the side of the rubber ringthen the on/off switch broke off . It did n't last one season . Complete wasteof money . Maybe I got a lemon ...
 It worked great for 2 months until the plastic trigger broke . Now it 's worthless and I 'm looking for a replacement that is more durable .
 Do n't buy . It 's terrible . Temperature readings are incorrect . Clock resets to the incorrect time . And it loses the signal from the remote sensor -LRB- 12 feet away -RRB- . I 'm sorry I wasted my money on this .
 Gives you a good idea of the general temp and humidity . Not as accurate as another model from the same company . The moon phase part just cycles repeatedly showing from one moon to the next . Muay be a glitch but can be aggravating . Only other complaint is the numbers are somewhat small
 This is what they say about this product
 It appears to work just fine for getting rid of mice , but the red light flashes and emits a small beeping/clicking sound . The one in the garage does n't bother us , but the one that meant to be used in the house was too annoying .
 I have owned this generator for several years now and it has had nothing but issues . I actually tossed it in the trash this weekend and ordered a Honda . Same price , $ 899 delivered no tax . Check online .
 This meter sucks . I do n't know how anyone gave it a 5 star review . I put it in water mixed with OJ and it is telling me that the mixture has a PH of 7 . I stick it in my soil ... PH of 7 . So orange juice is n't acidic I guess ? OR THE METER IS A PIECE . Everything it touches is PH neutral ... yeah right.Not to mention the moisture aspect of the meter . It basically is either `` dry '' or `` wet '' . There is no in between with this device . I can tell when soil is wet ... its HOW wet I am interested in . I 'd be happy even with a `` dry '' `` moist '' or `` very wet '' but every time I stick this in my soil the needle goes fully to the right -LRB- indicating wet -RRB- even when the soil is pretty dry.If you buy this product after reading my review you should also purchase a hammer to help knock the stupid out of your head . I 'm a physicist ... and this is the worst ph tester I have ever seen.About as accurate as pouring chemical on your hand and determining the PH by the burn it causes .
 Either my soil is the same moisture and ph , ALL the time , this item is not good . I used it a couple of times and rendered it useless .
 Agree with Mr. Moore , thing is stuck on ph 7 . Have tried Diet Pepsi -LRB- ph 3.2 -RRB- and milk -LRB- ph 6.3 -RRB- and it doesnt budge . Milk does show a `` C '' on the moisture meter .
 This is just too technical for me . You have to refer to a chart and know the technical name of your plants in order to know whether or not it needs water . It does n't just say `` dry '' or `` wet '' which is what I was really looking for . I 'd say this is for someone who is way more serious and technical about their houseplants than I. I 'll be getting a cheaper more basic one .
 Used it for about 5 days before it died on me . The soil moisture part still works for me but i needed it more so for the pH part and it does n't work anymore . It 's forever stuck on 7 now . It 's also rather fragile and comes apart easily . I do not recommend this product at all ! Try a different one . This one is poorly made .
 This Moisture Meter is supposed to give an approximate measurement of how much moisture is retained in the soil . Problem is there has to be a certain amount and depth of soil in the planter for it to read the moisture . It is less than useless for small pots , or delicate plants.I still have it in case I can find a use for it , but ...
 Easy to use but hard to understand . When you figure out how to use it with predictable results , please post the method .
 Based on my experience with this meter so far , I would n't recommend it for serious gardening , because it is quite inaccurate . Compared against a professional meter -LRB- that I eventually purchased later ! -RRB- , the rapitest meter reading is often off by as much as 1.5 - 2.0 points . Also , the reading seems to vary wildly depending on the moisture and temperature.Do not be tempted by the cheap price . The meter may appear to be functioning but the result is likely so far off that you end up compensating your soil PH in the wrong direction .
 I bought two of these , one the dual type and also the single . The dual always reads 7 and the single is stuck on 6 . They do n't work .
 I saw a lot of negative reviews about this item , but there were also a lot of positive ones , and it looked like those who had trouble had not followed the instructions properly -- so I gave it a try . I should 've listened to the bad reviews . I never put the tester in any liquid . I followed the directions exactly . I tried it in different soils , some of which were fairly dry , and some that had just been watered , some with fertlizer/some without . The indicator never moved . It stayed in the exact same spot no matter what type or condition of soil I tested . When I pick it back up , the needle wiggles , so I know it 's not stuck in place . It just does n't work . I can stick my finger in the soil next to my plants and know more than this thing can tell me . Save your money .
 The thing is just too hard to read , it seams accurate but judging exactly where the indicator is without a numbers scale is too hard . I stopped using it .
 This is a repackaged version of the integral-probe model that I bought . It is also the second Luster Leaf soil chemistry product that I have found to be a total waste of time and money . I just completed a series of tests to see if there were ANYTHING I could do to make this `` tester '' read acidic . Nope . First , I worked my way up to FOUR TABLESPOONS of granulated sulfur in 1 quart of water . Then I stuck it directly into a bottle of vinegar . It never reads lower than 7.0 -LRB- pH neutrality , neither acid nor alkaline -RRB- . Not only do n't buy this product ; do n't buy any soil chemistry product from Luster Leaf -LRB- `` Rapitest '' -RRB- ever .
 I received this in the mail and it does n't work . I 've had similar ones before that worked fine but for whatever reason this one is completely useless . Now I 'm going to buy a digital one !
 Product does not work at all . Do not buy this junk . All soil testers I have found are useless so far .
 The package arrived in a box that appears to have been used several times previously . There were no small parts or instructions . They obviously fell out of the box either at the factory in transit . I doubt that UPS could do as much damage to the box that I observed .
 The box arrived with one of the corners was ripped open . All the small parts were gone . I read similar complaints from other reviews . I returned it and I got a replacement . Surprisingly the second delivery also had same problem even though it was to a lesser degree . Simply amazing ! I could improvise the missing parts since they were not very critical but it should have never happened .
 No one will ever mix up Chinese engineering with German , but you get what you pay for . Original parts sent did not fit -- wasted much time trying to get bolt through a hole . Complained and received another set of parts , which fit but required the necessity of hammering pins through their associated holes -- which I do n't think was intended ! There was simply no other way to make it work . Good idea ruined by poor engineering , design and `` craftsmanship . ''
 I can see how this wheelbarrow would be great for hauling around small jobs around the yard , IF I could get the essential detent pins to finish putting it together . The instructions list four detent pins to keep the handles in place ; the box only had one . I faxed a letter and a copy of my order to Allsop , and I am still waiting for a reply or for my detent pins to arrive . Until then , only one lonely star for Allsop . ********************************** After a few phone calls to different numbers , I finally reached their Idaho warehouse and the woman who answered took my name and address and said she would put the missing items in the mail right away . I received them a couple days later and the wheelbarrow is now a good functioning tool ! It 's all good and upgraded to five stars .
 The cargo bay is too small to actually be useful . Might be good for hauling firewood . But for leaves the small capacity would make leaf raking take forever !
 Just opened it after buying it in September . Main pieces there , but no axle , screws , bolts , etc. . Too late to return , so I 'm screwed out of $ 50 .
 This would be a great product if the wheel were not inflatable , if it were just a hard wheel . As it is , it 's VERY difficult to inflate the tire because the valve is hard to get to . Then , the tube just split wide open -LRB- it seemed pretty dry and crackly -RRB- within a couple months of use . Now , am I supposed to go buy a replacement tube for this little tire ? What a drag . Even getting the tube out to see how bad the hole in it was
 Plugged the unit in at an outlet above the kitchen counter because the thought of mice where I prepared meals completely grossed me out . A few days later I saw a mouse on top of the stove not four feet away . Save your money .
 I was so hopeful that this unit would help control our growing problem with mice . They love climbing on our counter so we put humane mouse traps in their path . I plugged the PestContro unit in the wall right above the path they take to get on my counter and one unit on the other floor in my house . I have since caught about five mice -LRB- in 9 days -RRB- that walked right under the PestContro unit into the traps . The `` sound '' does n't seem to bother them at all . Needless to say , I will be returning the PestContro units I purchased . In my opinion , this is just an over-priced piece of plastic.Now , the Smart Mouse humane mouse traps are a really great find . If you want to get control of a mouse problem , these traps are a great thing , and are sold on Amazon .
 Maybe it works on rats , but I had purchased it for cockroaches.They 're still here running around underneath the thing , so , save your money and get boric acid .
 bought this because i always have crickets going off in my walls and stuff . this says its supposed to be good for up to 2000 sq. feet . my house is only 1700 sq. feet and it does n't work . maybe it works a little bit -LRB- or it 's just wishful thinking on my part because i spent like 30 bucks on this -RRB- it seems not as bad with the cricket situation but the crickets are ` nt gone . i probably wouldnt reccomend buying this unless you have one for every plug in your house . your best bet is to call an exterminator or go buy your own bug spray and do it yourself .
 I puchased two of these hoping for a humane solution to a recent mouse problem . I would say that the mice laughed and continued eating . If you want results , spend your money on traps . If you want to watch mice laugh , this is the product for you .
 Another failure . I bought a B&D ; unit and that did not work . I was really hoping that this one would . It comes as a nice unit that you simply plug into the wall socket . It has flashing lights and a test button to confirn that it is working because otherwise there is no sound.The first failure was in a room adjacent to the main basement where I had plug in the unit . This was one week after installing . I thought that the ultrasonic waves could not penetrate walls but then it failed again with rat trapped in the main basement-20 feet from the unit . So be forewarned that this device does not work for everyone .
 I wanted to use something non-toxic , non-chemical to avoid mice visits , so I tried this ultra sound pest controller . However , this did not do anything -LRB- at least at my place -RRB- I found their evidence right in front of this every morning . I returned this in two weeks . I wonder what condition/situation is required for this to work since it worked for some people .
 Why do gardening products like pesticides and fungicides have such confusing directions . Why ca n't they just tell you how to use the product in regular English . For instance look at this quote - do you have any idea what it means ? `` Consult your experiment station for proper timing and choice of fungicide to use with ALL SEASONS HORTICULTURAL AND DORMANT SPRAY OIL . '' Then there are conflicting directions . IMPORTANT
 I had a moth problem in my house and bought this to help eliminate them . I watched as they flitted around it , landed on the table in front of it , and seemed to enjoy it 's company . Not one flew into to it . I killed more by slapping my hands together . Some items you can find another use for it they do n't do as promised . This one I ca n't .
 I have to agree with the first post here . This set is a piece of junk ! I have a christmas ornament made of poly-resin and it is really heavy . So I assumed that this set would be heavy duty although I know its not metal . I think my christmas ornament weighs more than this set does ! lolThe only thing good about it , it was easy to put together . It is so flimsy , and bendable , that I 'm afraid to sit in it because it will break . And I 'm a small person ! When you do sit in it , you can wingle and you think the legs on the chair are going to break!This was a complete waste of money ! I am very disappointed in the quality . I purchased this set to go in my flower garden and ended up giving it to my neices which are 4 and 6 years old so they could have a cute table and chair set to play with ooutside . I think their fisher-price picnic table is more durable than this set is .
 I purchased this set when it was $ 59.99 and have assembled it . It is very lightweight , made out of flimsy plastic . My 195-pound husband sat on one of the chairs and it broke . Chair size small and uncomfortable for adult to sit . Disappointed in set and feel I wasted my money .
 I recieved this product today . It is a plastic resin material that is flimsy and poor quality . It has plastic nuts with a plastic wrench for assembly . I would not feel comfortable letting my children sit on it for fear that they would tip over . If anything it is good for pure looks and that is all , but not for actually sitiing on ! You might break it ! If it was n't such a pain to take apart I would return it !
 I thought I was getting a deal on something cute for the front porch , but when it arrived I was less than happy . Poly resin is PLASTIC ... not even the good plastic like what they make little tykes toys out of to be durable . My 9 year old son helped my husband put it together and broke a piece off just screwing on the bolts that hold it together . I was scared to sit in it thinking it would break . The only reason it got 2 stars is that it does look cute from the street on the porch and it will just serve as a flower stand .
 I say the price and the amount that I would save and thought what a good deal . I received it and put it together to realize that you get what you pay for . The chairs are very unstable and wobble when you sit on them . I would always worry that someone is going to fall right through them . The table is very small and is also very unstable . Do yourself a favor and sit on the ground rather than buy this piece of junk .
 I purchased the set thinking it was a bargain . It is very poor quality PLASTIC furniture to say the least . To make a long story short soon after my son -LRB- very thin !!! -RRB- sat on it the bottom of the leg broke off . My son fell back toward my window thank god he was not hurt but it could have been a lot worse . My son could have been severely hurt as he fell back into the window . In hindsight I am sorry I never read any of the reviews before buying the set but the price seemed catch me . I love a bargain but this is one bargain YOU SHOULD PASS UP !!!!!!!!!!
 My mother gave me this set as a housewarming gift to my husband and I for our new apartment . The material was flimsy plastic , and half of the pieces were broken before we ever even opened the box . The other half broke while we tried to improvise a way to put it together . Do n't waste your money on such shoddy quality .
 The cart is easy to assemble , the wheels roll very easy and the hose reel winds great . But , the plastic `` clamp '' that holds the reel on to the cart broke after a few uses and every time unwind or wind the hose I have to make sure the entire reel does not come off . Now I am looking for a replacement .
 I purchased this product on June 11 , 2006 . Despite repeated calls to the company , I can not use this product because they have n't shipped me several pieces necessary to complete it 's construction !
 It 's a good reel , but DO NOT BUY this product from the manufacturer unless you have a few hours to kill assembling it and enjoy cursing while you juggle screws and nuts . The directions are mediocre , and the amount of assembly required -LRB- 35 `` easy steps '' -RRB- is plain silly .
 Even though the goal of keeping our audacious squirrel away from the feedeR was accomplished , we seem to also have lost many of our songbirds . Chickadees seem the only ones who get seeds out of this feeder .
 I am so disappointed with this product it 's hard to be objective -- it was designed to keep squirrels out but the surrounding grid is so dense even small chickadees can not reach the seed . Unbelievable ! I actually cut away some of the metal to make the openings bigger to allow the birds better access to the feed ! The results were minimally successful . The birds do not like it ! This is why buying things online is often disappointing . It 's better to physically see and examine the product before selecting it using only a picture . This feeder is either going to a garage sale or into the garbage .
 Oh goodness , yet another &#34; fail &#34; with a bird feeder . This feeder worked fine for about 2 weeks . Different birds were attracted to it -LRB- cardinals can not access seeds from this type of feeder -RRB- and the squirrels stayed away . But then they had a meeting or something and came up with a great plan . So one day I look outside my window and see a squirrel swinging on the feeder while another squirrel sat underneath , eating the seeds as they fell . I was incredulous , thoroughly annoyed and yet impressed . Squirrels are diligent critters . So we had to buy a baffle . It keeps the squirrels off the feeder , but they still eat the seeds off the ground and chase away mourning doves and other birds they prefer ground feeding .
 Duncraft 18834 Squirrel Proof Blocker SelectiveThe birds loved it for a day until the squirrels discovered it . The squirrel guard worked but it took them no time to knock the feeder down -LRB- even though it was secured to the hook with extra wire -RRB- . I was able to put it back together but fitting the too short ends of the hook back into the horizontal post was a challenge . When it happened again the next day , I was not able to find the squirrel guard . The feeder is also very hard to fill because you have to hold the cap and the squirrel guard up out of the way with one hand while trying to get the seed in through the small space left . If you remove the whole feeder to fill it , the tension of the hanging hook on the horizontal bar is lost and the bar falls off so that you have to reassemble everything again.I should have ordered another Globe feeder from Gardener 's supply . -LRB- That one withstood four years of squirrel assault until the bottom rotted out . -RRB- But I do prefer ordering from Amazon .
 This product worked very well for keeping the squirrels away from the seed . We used it for sunflower seeds as smaller seed did n't appear to work very well . However , the birds did not like it . They appeared to have difficulty getting the seed and our enjoyment of many birds utilizing our feeder was reduced . We decided to return it to the seller .
 Birds love it , but most of food falls out . Squirrels shake it and food falls out . Would not recommend purchasing this .
 I bought four of these garden hose reels but they leave much to be desired . If there was a better way of connecting the garden hose to the reel plumbing they would be good hose reels . However , I have not figured out a good way to connect the garden hose to the reel plumbing using the method provided by Rapid Reel ! I plan to have a welder friend build a metal adapter to connect the reel plumbing to the garden hose such that the garden hose can be connected inline with the reel , which will eliminate the problem of the hose kinking and make the winding of the hose on the reel work more smoothly ! This is something Rapid Reel 's engineering department ought to have given more to when they designed the hose reel ... very poor design . I wish had had bought four more of the Ames True Temper hose reels instead of these Rapid Reel hose reels !
 I HAVE BOUGHT SIX PLANTS FROM HIRTS GARDENS . ONE WAS INFESTED WITH MEALY BUGS & THRIPS , 2 WERE SENT BENT , BROKEN DUE TO NOT PACKING THE PLANT CORRECTLY , MOST OF THEM HAD BROWN DRY LEAVES AND EVEN LEAF SPOTS . IVE POSTED THIS REVIEW BEFORE AND I RECEIVED AN EMAIL FROM HIRTS STATING PLEASE REMOVE MY REVIEW CAUSE IT HURTS THERE BUSINESS , I WASNT EVEN OFFERED AN APOLOGY ON ANY OF THE ISSUES . THEN I NOTICE THAT HIRTS SOME HOW HAS DELETED ALL OF THE NEGATIVE COMMENTS ON SOME PLANTS THAT I POSTED BUT HAVE NOT DELETED THE POSITIVE COMMENTS ON THE OTHER PLANTS . SO THIS IS WHY THEY HAVE SO MANY FIVE STARS BECAUSE THEY ARE TAKING OUT THE NEGATIVE COMMENTS WE AS CUSTOMERS POST . -LRB- VERY DISHONEST OF HIRTS GARDEN -RRB-
 I was n't impressed neither with the way my plants were packed nor their size and how they looked -LSB- Luckily my plants recovered but they still have some holes in the leaves and brown tips -RSB- . I went to our local Home Depot and bought at least four-times bigger and healthier plant for much less than I paid here .
 Please do n't buy . This is my first review ever @ amazon.com and will be the last one.I never write any review however I woke up in the middle of night and I 'm writing this . It 's 3:42 am now.I ordered this peace lily with rubber tree from Hirt 's Garden.They look nice , however they came with mites and other unidentified insects.My house is really clean and I have never had any insects in my home.However from the day I got it -LRB- yesterday -RRB- I 've been bitten by insects.It 's more than 100 times , all over my body from shoulder to legs.It 's horribly itching , so I woke up in the middle of night and found this mite and the other insect that I 've never seen before.I threw the lily and rubber tree out of the window hoping the insects would gone.Again , this is my first time ever in my life that I have this insect and insect bite in my own home.It 's so itching . I 'm gon na make a claim for this . It 's really horrible and I 'm still scratching all over my body now .
 The Good
 The plant I received is terribly small , only 4 '' high , with 6 leaves , it 's nothing like the picture . I was shocked at seeing it and amazed that the seller would put such a deceiving picture on here .
 I was hesitant to write a review about this Peace Lily Plant , because honestly ... I was afraid I might have killed it . The plant arrived quickly , as promised . In great condition , and looked very pretty with one bloom . I was very excited !!! After arriving , I put it in a bright room with afternoon shade , and re-potted no direct light . Well after one day the plant was already looking really sad . I got nervous that all the reviews I had read were true . So , I started to do my research . Normally , I have a green thumb . In my reading I found that I should put the plant in a low light area , I did that . I kept the soil moist as well too . Sadly , after a week the plant despite my best efforts my poor peace lily died . I chalked it up to the fact that I had no clue what I was doing . Instead of buying a new one time went on , and I tended to my other 30 houseplants which seem to be doing great . I started to look for some new plants for Winter . I came across this small Peace Lily at Lowes for $ 1.48 . I picked it up and took it home . I did the same thing I did to the last one , and even put it in the same spot . Its been a few weeks now , and its growing like crazy . It looks so healthy and it has gotten bigger . I am very happy with the results of the new peace lily , and now I know it was n't me who killed the plant . It just happened that this one did not fair well . Not sure if it was the shipping or just the company . I would save your money on this one . I have bought other plants online on multiple occasions and they have all done well so I would n't let this one plant dying keep me from buying other plants online , or from this company . I just would never buy this one again .
 I thought i was ordering a live peace lily and instead recieved a dead peace lily . Very dissapointed and will never buy from this company again .
 The plant that arrived was a full 1/3 to 1/4 the size of the plant used in the photo used to market this plant . The photo was the factor used in deciding to purchase from this vendor versus others . I will not likely purchase from this vendor again .
 The freight charge to obtain the peace lily was low so it took some time to receive . The plant arrived in reasonable condition . It is quite small . Sort of like the seedlings one obtains at a garden center . It did not have a flower as per the picture . Again , I suppose this is a factor of the low price . If you want a more mature plant you will have to expect to pay more .
 This mower is nearly $ 600 less than the nearest competitor which . Makes it appealing to the budget buyer . BUYER BEWARE !!! I bought this mower new in April and mowed with it for 5 weeks before the right hand hydro went out . It was in the shop for an additional 5 weeks . When I finally got it back I had the pleasure of using it another 3 times before it was stolen . The belt constantly came off for no reason . I could mow in 18 '' tall grass for an hour and it would stay put but it would come off mowing 4 '' grass . I struggled for hours trying to get the belt to stay on for any period of time . Finally I took the belt covers off and figured out how to get the belt back on in a few seconds . JUST WHAT YOU WANT TO BE DOING WITH A BRAND NEW $ 2800 MOWER RIGHT ? Also the rear tires are too small to go uphill -LRB- they spin like crazy -RRB- . Whoever stole this mower got themselves a gem . I would strongly urge you to look elsewhere ! Like the old saying goes you get what you pay for !
 There 's a reason its $ $ $ cheaper than the nearest competitor . I bought one and put 4 hours on it before I returned it to the store for a refund.The IZT drive system is weak . The drive system has one box that contains both pump and wheel motor with a lot of aluminum parts inside . That was what failed on mine after mowing twice with it . Something went wrong with the right-hand side transmission , the thing would only travel in circles . It would run good until it got hot -LRB- ~ about 30-45 minutes -RRB- then it would slow down and make some terrible noises.The deck adjustment system and the height indicator are a joke . The indicator went missing after the first 30 minutes of use , it just fell off . I did find it before I ran over it and stuck it back on.Its poorly designed - when you sit on the seat with the engine running , the seat pushed the plastic shround on the engine against the flywheel and it shaved part of the shroud away.I 'm a huge fan of B&S ; engines but when you pointed this mower uphill the engine started missing and burned enough oil to emit a huge cloud of blue smoke - no mosquitoes here.I took it back to the store and got a refund . Then I spent another $ 1000 and bought a Simplicity ZT1844 with a Kohler , BDP-10 pumps and seperate wheel motors . The Simplicity is a mowing machine .
 I do not have the swisher in my possession . I did not have the need to use the extra trimming wire .
 The place I work bought this trimmer for me to use to keep our 1 acre yard trimmed nicely and to give me some back relief from a handheld . I assembled it , followed and read the provided handbook . This is AFTER rummaging around the box to find all the parts that were loosely rolling around.NOTE TO WHO PACKS THIS
 The drive belt keeps coming off ... the plastic cover for the belt got destroyed the first season-the assembly of the mower was not easy . I had to fabricate a fuel filter to keep the gas tank from clogging ... as already stated a very poor overall design ... if someone gives one to you , take it ... just dont spend any money on one .
 Hard to assemble . No real directions . The plastic cowling is now broken that covers the gears and belt it was not put togeather correctly and had to be adjusted . the trash shield broke the first time it ran . if you run the unit on high to trim the cord gives way like butter but if you use the lower speed it lasts some longer.you have to be strong to hold it up for whatever it is doing especially vertical trimming . The advertised easy to install new Swisher line is quite hard to set in place as it is so stiff it dose n't want to go there and the loop is lose . you have to wear the goggles and overalls when using the machine as the blow by can really bite.it is very dangerous if you let it go to the ground . Wheels are so big that the machiene changes angles and you get more bite than you thought - BE CAREFUL.Oh - it is very easy to start !
 Do n't try getting repair parts from Swisher . You ca n't get most of them . They do n't sell through other distributors so you ca n't get them from there either . The cheezy little staples that hold the line on mine broke . After welding them a few times , I tried to buy a new disk . Nope . Ca n't . It 's a simple device . Motor , belt , disk and a couple wheels . Works OK for what it is , discounting the cheap B&S ; engine that 's designed to last one season and be unrepairable at any reasonable cost.I got it to do heavy brush around a fence line . Works for that . It is n't a mower . No easy height control . Too heavy and unwieldy for general whacking . Lines break frequently at the staples rather than wearing out . Bad design . Pick something else or glue some wheels on your week whacker .
 I used it once and determined that is was too big and cumbersome for me and I had it in my garage for years until I sold it a garage sale for a lot less than what I paid for it .
 I purchased this model over some of the cheaper models because I thought the tiltable head would be a great option , however it is a source of frustration . The locking clamp will not hold , so while you are using it the position changes and all of a sudden you are scalping your lawn . I finally helped it some by really tightening it with a 10 '' cresent . So now if I need to change position of the head I have to carry a cresent wrench . Also the line does not last very long . It does not wear out on the ends but breaks at the head where you loop it . This line is also expensive even when purchased in bulk on a spool . Also when you tilt the mower back to change the line the mower seems to flood and I have some trouble restarting it . So here is the big picture I have a large lot with lots of edging , In order to get the job done I have to carry a 10 '' cresent and approx 4 pairs of extra line in my pocket . I spend time whenever I change line waiting to start it and if I have n't really tightened the tiltable head I wind up with many scalped areas in my yard . The one adjustment it does not have that is available on others is a height adjustment so the only height is very low . Had I purchased this item at a lawnmower shop I would have returned it and purchased a Troy built for less money .
 I am stuck with a trimmer that had parts crack , leaked oil , threw off its drive belt , and trimmer strings in less then 15 minutes of proper use . The wheels are flimsy , the cutting height is not adjustable , the handle is uncomfortable and not padded .
 I 'm comparing this unit to my old Troy-bilt -LRB- MTD -RRB- trimmer/mower and the Swisher fails miserably . The bearing went out in the spindle of my beloved Troy-Bilt and I 'm unable to get the replacement part , which is terribly disabpointing . My old trimmer idled when the engine was running , but the head did n't spin until the bar was pulled back and the idler applied tension to the belt . The Swisher 's head is spinning as soon as you crank it and you can not idle . I hate this . What 's worse about the Swisher is that the cutting depth is non-adjustable . It cuts at about 1.5 inches and every stick or gumball becomes a dangerous projectile . Heaven forbid you pick up a rock . Hide the wife , kids , pets , cars and windows when using the Swisher trimmer . The entire deck of the Troy-Bilt was shrouded , but had a `` spout '' for the discharge . Some debris accumulated under the deck , but it was worth it . The Swisher has a flimsey `` one-third '' shroud , leaving two-thirds of the head completely exposed -LRB- see above comment about dangerous projectiles . -RRB- A bolt in the shaft of the Swisher prevents the shroud from being adjusted to an appropriate position , so long pants and high boots are needed because a lot of debris flies out the back of the mower , underneath the shroud -LRB- see above comment about dangerous projectiles . -RRB- I have n't even used the tiltable head feature yet , but other reviews indicate that it 's problematic too , as the u-bolt does n't hold the head in place properly . My overall opinion is this unit might be useful for someone who has a nice , clear , level patch of grass or weeds to mow . I used my previous trimmer/mower to mow a thinly wooded area with numerous trees . It was perfect for trimming the bases of the trees . But with trees like this you have sticks and gumballs , which become -LRB- you guessed it -RRB- dangerous projectiles when using the Swisher trimmer/mower . I think good folks at Swisher should have forgotten about the fancy pivoting head - which apparently does n't work well anyway - and concentrated more on some safety and convenience features that would make this trimmer more usable . This unit is poorly thought out and designed .
 I ca n't exactly review using the product because upon receiving it I wanted to RETURN it . I was sent a product that had been shipped AT LEAST once before and returned . The carton the product was shipped in was SO SEVERELY DAMAGED , parts were falling out of it , plastic parts were broken and items in the box very likely were lost in shipment . There were previous shipping labels on the carton . A company that does business this way is a company to NEVER DO BUSINESS WITH !!! I am recommending to Amazon it is a detrement to have SWISHER as a supplier !
 I bought one of these to help with the weeds on the 10 acres I have . The cheap plastic guard broke first day . Found out that you have to wear heavy duty clothing to keep from getting destroyed by debris . I have hired two people to use this machine , and neither will . I salvaged a Dish TV satellite dish and formed a new guard of my own , but it is insufficient . I am currently looking for some way to fortify the protection on this beast.Oh , and the trim line sucks .
 I was able to return it to Amazon and get my money back so I am happy with Amazon and will continue to buy from Amazon but this is not the type of product that you should buy online.-It arrived on one pallet weighing 440lbs . The 18-wheeler truck did not have a lift . The driver and I stood at the back of the truck for a few minutes wondering how we were going to get it down . Luckily , I had some wood planks that we used as a ramp.-It took a long time to pry open the crate . There is not much to assemble but there are no assembly or operating instructions , just warning and a parts catalog . -LRB- See the online manual to verify -RRB- . It would have been nice to know that the gear rod handle should point up when being bolted to the actual gear lever , the spring goes on the other side of the sheet metal and then the cotter pin holds it in place . I called technical support on this but the guy I spoke with did n't really know . He thought it came completely assembled . If you are at all technically inclined , you can figure it out but it would nice to have some instructions as a reference.-It took another 20 minutes trying to push it off the pallet wondering if I had it in neutral , -LRB- if I had attached the gear shift rod in the right position -RRB- before discovering that there was a brake that had to be held . The break bar and the blade engagement operator presence bar are not labeled or described in the manual . It is up to the user to discover their functions . This may be obvious , if you have owned a lawn mower before . I do n't know . I have not.-It would not start . I called technical support . After the suggestions did not work , I wanted to have a dealer look at . Well , THERE WERE NO LOCAL DEALERS in my area . If you get this product , you may be on your own to fix and maintain it . Finally , we got it started by connecting the fuel directly from the tank to the carburetor , bypassing a fuel recycling device . Once , the engine was warm , I was able to put the configuration back.-As soon as I started down a hill , it started to burn oil . The Briggs and Stratton engine manual says that it ships without oil . I dumped a quart of oil in -LRB- and did n't check the level , user error ! -RRB- . On Monday , when I was able to talk with tech support again , they told me that they test each one at the Swisher plant , and leave the oil in . Once I drained the oil I thought I would be all ready to go.-The blade engagement latch split apart after using it about 2-3 times . It was a flimsy piece of plastic.I continued to mow my lawn using a pair of pliers to hold in the blade engagement cable . I got about half way through it , when the blades stopped spinning . I figured the belt had jumped . I waited a couple of days for my new blade engagement latch to arrive . I installed it and checked the belt . However , the wheel that drives the belt was no longer spinning . Luckily , this all happened in a short period of time and I was able to return it.-It took me hours to reassemble the crate that I had dissembled . The wood posts were Oak and very difficult to nail through . I had to drill holes and use screws but I was happy to do that , in order to return it .
 It was scary reading the previous review - I HAD THE SAME EXACT EXPERIENCE . The mower came to me crated with no user manual or assembly instructions . I finally figured out how to install the handle and gear shift - but had immediate problems with the blade engage not working . Several calls to SWISHER did not result in the problem being fixed . Also , there were n't any dealers in the area willing to service a SWISHER mower - one dealer was about twenty miles away but told me since I did n't buy it from them - they did not want to service the mower . It is clear to me SWISHER is not ready to sell their mowers direct to the consumer . When I told them I wanted to return the mower , they told me to contact AMAZON - they consider AMAZON the dealer . I returned the mower two weeks ago and am still waiting for a refund from AMAZON . Beware of this company - their products should not be sold directly to consumers - you definitely need a dealer to be available to set-up and adjust the new mower and to service as needed . BEWARE !!!! UPDATE
 this machine is near worthless for our needs . the motor will run for 5-10 minutes then quit . the help line for briggs and stratton is impossible to get thru to a person . the best thing for us is a refund .
 I ran new pressure washer for 2 hours and it would not restart . took back to store and they replaced carborator . it ran 5 minutes and lost all compression . Briggs is telling me I ran it with out oil . I checked the oil every time I added gas and it needed oil almost every time . Now Briggs wants me to pay for repairs . I think electric may be in my future .
 Very disappointed ... Ordered the seats to make the most of our kayak over the last weeks of Summer ... BUT ... The disappointment is n't with the seats , but the couriers ... The seats have been in a couriers warehouse in New Jersey for over a month and Summer has turned to Autumn ... Still do n't have the seats !!
 I purchased the 1900 psi Briggs & Stratton Power Washer four months ago . It started up right away on one pull , then ten minutes later it stopped . My local authorized repair place diagnosed the problem as a faulty part covered under warrantee . Three months later I still do n't have the 1900 . After several calls and emails to Amazon and Briggs & Stratton I received encouraging customer service that told me the part was due the next day . Still waiting . I 'm dissappointed because I 've grown up with respect for the Briggs & Stratton name and have only had good experiences with Amazon . I 'm hoping the part will arrive , the repair made , and I can regain my confidence in these two companies . I have been told that if the 1900 can not be repaired , I can apply to Amazon for a new one which is a mixed promise . First , I can apply for a refund is not inspiring and secondly , I face the unknown of whether it was just a lemon or bad design.I 'll have to wait and see.I will be very dissappointed if the 1900 ca n't be repaired and Amazon refuses to either refund the purchase price plus shipping or is willing to ship me a new one , and not a reconditioned one.We 'll see .
 I ordered a new pressure washer and you sent me a used one with oil all over the inside of the box . I 'm pissed . I thought that a web site like amazon.com would not go so low as to dupe a coustomer . I am returning this item and I will not buy anything else from Amazon.com . I will tell all my friends that ask me what I think about amazon.com , not to buy anything from them . Even thought shipping this pressure washer back will cost me the shippihg , it 's OK as long as I get rid of this peice of this thing . I 'm am very disspointed with this service . ---------------
 The first guy was right . This thing does not have an OHV engine . It seemed underpowered and was so noisy and rattled so much I had to wear earmuffs . There is nowhere to wind up and store the extremely stiff , unmanagable , hose or anywhere to carry a container for detergent or other additive . And I was extremely surprised when the useally reliable B&S engine developed a rod knock . Now I need a new engine or a crank and connecting rod .
 Note that this item does NOT have a OHV engine . Check Briggs and Stratton website , it states it has the quantum engine . The rating is for the description , not the pressure washer itself since I bought a different one after learning of the lack of a OHV engine .
 I ordered this power washer after weeks of research . Turns out I could save $ 100 + by ordering online rather than purchasing locally -LRB- after discounts and incentives -RRB- . The first shipment never made it to me -- damaged in transit by UPS . The second shipment arrived to me damaged -- again by UPS -- as the entire unit was tipped over and much of the pump oil had spilled all over the inside . After days of waiting for a resolution , I finally decided to just return the product , which Amazon.com accepted without arguing , but the return process was a hassle -- have to empty all oil from unit then wait 7 days for evaporation before it can be safely shipped . So even after accepting the return , and my instruction not to send a replacement , Amazon.com sent another replacement unit -- refused delivery of this one as I was very ticked off at Amazon.com . Turns out the problem is with their delivery carrier . It seems that UPS does not understand what `` THIS SIDE UP '' means . I finally purchased the unit at a local dealer without any headaches and am very happy with its performance . No problems after 3-4 weeks of use , 2-3 hours at a time -- very powerful . I came to learn later that some of the newer models ship with a safety cap to prevent pump oil leakage -- the safety cap must be exchanged with a relief valve upon receipt of the unit . My unit from Amazon.com did not come with such a safety cap . So you can take your chances with Amazon.com and hope you get one with a safety cap , because I guarantee that UPS will tip the box over in transit . I am rating this power washer 1 star because of the delivery problem ; the unit itself is 5-star without question .
 I 've used this fruit picker for a couple of years now and overall I 'm disappointed with it . The frustration is that some minor design tweaks would make this a perfect tool . As is , it 's ineffective on fruit that is n't ripe and ready to fall , and that just is n't practical even for a backyard grower like me who has just a few fruit trees . The problem I 've encountered is that for fruit that 's still connected to the tree a little more strongly , the straight tines force me to turn the unit so that the tines are nearly horizontal to the ground to get enough leverage to pull the fruit free . In that position the bag is no longer in place to catch the fruit so 9 times out of 10 the fruit bounces to the ground . That 's not so horrible for citrus , but for stone fruit like apricots , that means bruising and splitting . If only the top tines were curved a little inward , it would make all the difference . But because the tine section is all plastic , I ca n't even tweak it myself to make it work because those tines would just snap off . < Grrr ! > Last year I gave up and went back to my old-fashioned picker with the metal basket and claw-shaped tines ; for my smaller fruit I line the metal basket with thin bubble-wrap and just secure it with twist-ties , and it works like a charm . Because I 'm frugal and absolutely hate it when I make a bad purchase , now and then I dust off this Wolf Garden fruit picker off and use it on the outside chance that I figure out a way to make it work , but so far no luck .
 I have tried both the WOLF Garten and the Lawn & Garden fruit pickers -LRB- with L-shaped picking tines -RRB- , and found pickers with the L-shaped tines much more efficient - especially with fruit which has to be twisted to release it from its stem .
 I bought this hoping to be able to pick the figs from branches too high to reach with the ladder . I also tried it with my lemon tree . Plainly and simply , it does n't work .
 Do not buy this fruit picker . You 'll be frustrated becuase you ca n't cut the stem . what a waste of money and time .
 This bar was difficult to use . It is hard to get s straight-line since the cables do not hold it level . The seller was prompt in shipping . However would not buy again . The straightedges that clip to the side are better
 I have used this product in the past with wonderful results . The Microbe lift i bough from water gardens this year it was a waste of money , i should have make a claim immediately after receiving the product because the seal on the gallon container was open and the preparation it was too clear . I know microbe lift from past purchases -LRB- from other suppliers -RRB- and it is of a turbid color and a particular smell . The microbe lift send by webb 's water gardens it had some of the sulfurous smell but it was too clear even after shaking the jug vigorously . Even when used to the recommended levels it was of no benefit at all for my pond .
 This is a good product , but for vegetation I found it to be too expensive . I 've learned that the generic powdered products say from Ace Hardware are much less and do the same thing growth wise . If you want your plants to yield better , research for the best products for bloom or flowering and save your money on the vegetative phase .
 The first time I used this , I was quite pleased - it cut well and at a fraction of the cost of those sold at my local hardware store.When I put it away , however , I noticed the locking device did not work , but that was not a problem - I do n't have kids in the house to worry about them cutting themselves . The second time I went to use it , I noticed it did not seem to work as well , and I thought perhaps the branches of my shrubs might be a bit thicker than the ones I initially pruned . The third time I took it out to cut away dead plants and get my garden ready for wintering over , I found I could cut and cut and cut and nothing happened . Finally took out a pair of scissors and used them to snip off my petunias , etc.Next time I know better . I 'll buy a recognized name brand AND I 'll pay a bit more to know I am getting something with lasting power .
 I have used this hand pruner for the past several months and the design certainly has not taken safety into consideration . I have found that without contant attention to position my hand carefully when cutting branches , etc. the palm of my hand will be pinched when depressing the handles . If you buy this wear thick gloves .
 I purchased one of these tubes several years ago , which was still in great shape , and wanted a matching one so the kids would stop fighting over it ! Love that it is transparent , and love the colors.Arrived in good shape , but only after a few -LRB- very gentle -RRB- uses , I found it deflated in the closet with a split seam . The old one is still working great . Disappointed in what seems to be decreasing quality , and wo n't purchase another one .
 I ordered this a week ago , along with several other items . Apparently that entire order was held up by this thermometer . Then a couple of days ago I get this from Amazon : Due to a lack of availability from our suppliers , we will not be able to obtain the following item -LRB- s -RRB- from your order : `` AquaQuik 7000 Derby Duck Thermometer `` We 've cancelled the item -LRB- s -RRB- and apologize for the inconvenience.So I 'm not sure why this is listed as `` in stock '' still on Amazon . But do n't bother with it .
 I returned other thermometers purchased at Wal-Mart because the temperature was very inaccurate only to find that these are also very innacurate . One if off by almost 2 degrees and the other is off by over 5 degrees . I have given up and will settle with these . I will just have to remember that they are off . They are cute and my kids like to chew on them .
 I thought this would be a cute addition to our pool . It is off by ten degrees . Then when I went to return it through Amazon , you ca n't ! Hazardous waste . It would have been nice to know that before I purchased . Only dissapointment with Amazon to date .
 First time into water and it does n't move from 90 degrees , so much for having ducky day . Don Eggen . I should of went simple
 I had to buy this as a replacement because my one-year-old picked it up out of my friends pool and the clear plastic part crumbled in his hands . Yes , I was right there , but I could n't stop the thing from disintegrating instantly . I figured it was just old , but they told me they bought it that summer .
 No , that 's not a typo . After the first few weeks of use , the temperature started steadily creeping up , and never going back down . It 's now past the 160 degree mark , even when placed directly in 30 degree snow . Not quite as accurate as I was hoping for . Pick another one , unless you just want to confuse your friends and family in the middle of January .
 I purchased this thermometer and it arrived broken.It can not be returned because it contains `` Hazardous '' materials.Better off purchasing at the local pool store .
 Listen to the reviews ! I wish i did . This is horrible . Thermometer does not work which makes the purchase useless .
 We have used Sproutman in the past and have liked their products . Unfortunately , we just recently found several mouse droppings in a bag of Golden Alfalfa . Consumer beware !
 stopped working in under a year -LRB- no output -RRB- . My xantrex charger lasted over 10 years , and I found a new 30A model for $ 85
 The shape is really awkward . It 's not a clean , straight rectangle like flags should be - there 's an obtuse angle -LSB- about 170 degrees ? -RSB- in the middle of the flag , so I have to overlap a portion of the flag to make it appear like a rectangle . Otherwise the material is of nice quality for only five dollars .
 the flag was printed wrong , the orientation and location of the black lines is all off , as well as the center circle .
 I understand that Korean flag is sometimes confusing , but it is n't an excuse.Anyone could google korean flag and see how it looks like.The black lines are on their correct positions , but blue and red is suppose to be opposite.Don ' t buy this flag it is simply wrong .
 Black should be top and green is bottom . The orientation of the flag shown is reveresed .
 The blue pots that the plants come with are pretty cute.Unfortunately the peat type soil that the plants are supposed to be grown in is apparently not conducive to plant growth . I tried for months to grow the plants and even replanted some seeds when nothing grew . After many months of regular watering -LRB- apparently that 's all you 're supposed to do -RRB- and moving to the best spots of sunlight one of the pots grew plants and I saw the stirrings of life in a second.These grew to approx . 4 inches , withered , grew yellow and died . A strange white fungus like layer formed on top of the peat soil . I threw the entire thing out and have kept the blue pots and blue tray in the hope of trying smg else.Do not buy this . It will not grow .
 The kit seems like a nice starter kit , however , 2 of the 3 large bottles leaked all over . I do n't know if I got a new package since no bottles were sealed except for the rooting gel . Anytime I 've bought liquid plant food , the bottles always have a safety seal . So either I got someone 's used / returned product and had a leak during shipping , or the manufacturer does n't seal this stuff which is disappointing . If the product was sealed , I would have given it 5 stars as it seems like a nice kit , with included instructions .
 Frstly the rooting gel did not work at all . i pulled the clone out of the medium when i was sure it was not going to grow , no root sprouts in a week and a half . Secondly there are many things to mix , even with the simple recipe it was still alot to do . Would highly recommend a higher grade , simpler recipe , and defiantly spring for the top of the line rooting gel . IMO . Good luck .
 Indoor or outdoor ? Better start off indoor . I planted outdoors and watered for weeks and they all died . It may be the southern soil and heat . But I will not order again .
 2 were dead when arrived & the other 2 did n't last much longer -- not worth trying to get my money back
 Some of Scott 's products contain ingredients not disclosed on the label.Although I 've used this product for a long time I 've switched to Jack 's Pro Water Soluble Fertilizer 25-5-15 . Not only is it cheaper it comes from a company I have no reason not to trust.Apparently not only does Scott 's quality control seem to be lacking they seem to be valuuing profit over honesty and safety . Right now there is a multi-state lawsuit in the courts over bird seed products which were treated with pesticides known by Scotts to be toxic to birds . Some of the seed was fed to domestic birds , which it killed . It is unknown how many wild birds were destroyed . The evidence is that pesticides were added to the seed to preserve the product during storage , even though staff told management about the toxicity . Scott 's has offered to pay a fine , an amount they came up with , which is a fraction of the profit made from 75 million units which continued to be sold , that is until employees notified the EPA.I 've also seen various other complaints about insect egg contamination and ingredient inconsistencies in their bag fertilizers.So I do n't know what might be in this stuff . It seems clear that if there 's a problem I wo n't be hearing about it from Scott 's .
 Instructions were not well written . Once I got the thing `` working , '' with the base unit and the remote sensor sitting within three feet of each other inside the house , they disagreed on the temperature by 3 + degrees F. Same result with both units outside . Various attempts to reposition the units did not improve agreement between units . In addition , both units read temperature too high by more than 7 degrees F. I can guess the termperature more accurately . The trouble-shooting and FAQ info on the manufacturer 's web-site is prety much worthless . Maybe the unit I received was a lemon , but I 'm not going to repeat the experience to find out .
 It 's a nice item in theory . In practice , the indoor thermometer only worked intermittently for two days , then stopped working -LRB- shows `` HH '' , which according to the manual means out of temperature range , which is supposed to be good to well over 100 deg . F , but ca n't handle the lower 70s in my home -RRB- . Resetting it does not fix it . Moreover , when it was working , it consistently showed a 1.4 degree difference between the base and remote unit while they were sitting right next to each other . The least they could do is calibrate them . And how hard is it to make a working indoor thermometer unit ? It would have gotten 4 stars if it had worked . Maybe you wo n't get a defective unit , but compare the two units side by side and check them against a reliable thermometer anyway.On the plus side , I had no trouble with the remote communicating with the base unit through a glass door about 20 feet away or receiving the time signals -LRB- I 'm in Virginia -RRB- . I 'll probably take it back for another one and see if that 's any better - maybe I 'll get lucky . -LRB- I did not get the first one from Amazon , by the way . -RRB- One star because of poor quality control and lack of calibration .
 Althought the umbrella is really pretty when it is open and tilted it is to heavy to straighten and close by yourself . My husband could not do it alone so I ended up sending it back .
 I PURCHASED THE UMBRELLA THINKING HOW NICE IT WAS TO PURCHASE ON LINE . WHAT A JOKE THE UMBRELLA WAS BROKE IN LESS THAN ONE WEEK AFTER PURCHASE CONTAINER WAS ALREADY PLACED IN THE TRASH SO RETURNING WAS VERY HARD AN COSTLY I WOULDNT ADVISE ANYONE TO BUY THIS UMBRELLA ON LINE . SHIPPING ALONE TO REURN THESE ITIEMS COST ME 94.00 DOLLARS OUT OF MY OWN POCKET SO FAR . ...
 This is not a self-setting clock , unless they mean that you have to set the clock yourSELF . Thermometer features work fine , though .
 Let me start by saying I am keeping it becuase I paid less than fifteen dollars for it and it does its most basic functions well -LRB- I 'll see how long the sensor lasts -RRB- This thermometer is a classic case of poor design . The most basic thing you need to know - `` Which temperature am I looking at ? '' is hidden in tiny text hidden inside a house symbol . I also found it counter intutive that the sensor temperature was the larger of the two readings . Of course I know which is which now so until I get senile , I wo n't have to resort to getting out the magnifying glass.Others have mentioned that the `` outdoor '' sensor is not waterproof . So what were they thinking - is this intended for another room ? No . The directions make it clear that the other sensor is intended for outdoors . Oh and by the way you need to find a location that is out of sun and rain and `` has a clear view fo the sky '' - good luck on that one.The non-self-setting clock settings are tedious and the date is only displayed in the day/month/year format unfamiliar to most Americans . The manual says you can change the ` mode ' of the clock from time to date . It does not say this change lasts only a few seconds . Too bad - I would have preferred it did what the manual said since I have plenty of clocks , but a digital calender would have been handy.Finally , it has a min/max memory which sounds useful at first until you find out the settings do not reset every day so you will rarely use this feature if ever . If only there was a clock so the memory could reset every day ... So in summary this is a classic case of a product designed to appear do something useful with some extra `` features '' thrown in to make you buy it instead of the other poorly designed product next to it . And then to sweeten the pot , Amazon makes up features that are not even there ! Are there still any laws prohibiting fraud ?
 As others have pointed out , the clock is not self setting . Also , the outdoor temperature range is not as described by Amazon .
 This is the product I bought that has a remote sensor -LRB- which I also reviewed -RRB- which eventually gives up working . That is , even when reset -LRB- leaving batteries out for an hour after talking to the company -RRB- and with non-rechargeable lithium batteries , the base and remote sensor stop communicating . I had it for about a month the first time the communication stopped , then it progressively went downhill from there
 I bought this for my brother for a gift . When I received the ax head was scratched up and the varnish was coming off handle . I did n't return it because it was only a few days before Christmas . He was happy with it but if I were going to buy another , I would get it from a different source .
 Flag colors and coat of arms are correct but this flag is VERY flimsy . Printed on the thinnest , most translucent fabric I have ever seen used for anything besides ladies ' tights . If you are in for a see-through flag , go ahead . But you better not fly it in bright sunshine - on in inclement weather , that is . You may use this as an indoor flag , pinned to a wall . For all other uses , or to actually fly it , I do not recommend .
 The diamonds are going the wrong way . I did n't notice until after I bought it and had some Germans laugh at me . Do not buy this flag if you want to be authentic . Other than that it is a nice flag .
 Stay away from the sap ! Does produce quite a bit of milky white sap when broken or cut ! Wound up in the hospital with extreme eye irritation ! Some get anaphylactic shock shock from it ! Wash your hands well after touching!Otherwise , this plant grows quickly and propagates easily by breaking off a piece and sticking it in the ground .
 When I first got the cover , I was satisfied with the material and the appearance . It also did fit my patio table . However I was disappointed after a few showers later . The cover did not stop rain from getting through . In fact it traps water / moisture under the cover and may do more harm to the furniture . I thought with the cost of the cover it should do better .
 This is a fairly pretty , small hummingbird feeder . It is quite delicate , and is high maintenance as you have to keep it at least half full for the feeding tubes to reach the liquid , so since it 's so small , you will have to fill it often . I will probably give it as a gift ; too much fuss for me .
 ... It had actually been a gel . It was actually a liquid . It went right through my Matala pads . I put a plastic bag under the pads to catch the liquid , but it made a mess anyway , and dripped off as I was taking to the waterfall weir . Certainly not what I expected , and will not purchase it again . I do not understand why they call it a gel when it is most certainly not .
 This product is very complicated to put together with many tiny tubes and parts and I have never been able to make it work . Additionally , the actual bath does not look as natural as shown in the pictures , but very artificial in sort of a blueish gray tone .
 The picture looks correct , but the colors on the flag I received were reversed
 If you are thinking of purchasing this item be aware that this item is not ** POLISHED BRASS ** 98 % is green distressed . The title is misleading and I returned mine to Amazon . Just be aware . OK ?
 December 19 , 2012 - Searched all over for Canadian flag and I realized for price I 'd probably get what we paid for it , which is true . While the package was neat and shipped from Japan , the flag was folded and contained in an inside plastic wrapper . Unfolding it was another matter-you could tell this is assembly line cutting and sewing-the standard flag pole would only fit one end as the other end was sewn shut and crooked stitching ! That top overlay part is read and you can visibly see where the worker cut off the end before proceeding to the next flag - very crooked side , stitching loose and threads hanging . While it was only $ 4 and free shipping , I would not recommend this flag if you are wanting it for something very special ; otherwise , for a lawn flag , it is fine . This is NOT made in the us and ships from Japan .
 the metal loop ripped off other that ... . great flag ... it was very neat and very machine washabe the the the the
 My product was mailed to me in excellent time . However , this item was a gift for a friend at work . When she opened the package for the first time , the flag had a large black oil stain right down the middle .
 MY RUSTED AS WELL IN LESS THAN ONE YEAR . SAVE YOUR MONEY , THIS IS JUNK !!
 I had the same problem as above . The cart started rusting immediately . It was completely rusted out in a year .
 When we first got the hose cart it had a flat tire due to sharp edges on the rim . Finally got a person at the toll free number , on the 9th call , and they shipped a new wheel and tire . No major rust problems after 2 years but a brass fitting froze and split this winter and I 'm on call 13 to the company with no answer or return call . I 've left a message each time . It 's a great idea but poorly constructed and even more poorly supported .
 spring 08 I purchased this so called commercial industrial heavy duty hose reel cart , by mid summer it was rusting badly , by fall the paint was starting to peel off.I brought in to my hose during the winter and a month ago May 09 I power brushed the complete cart which was totally rusted , and brought the entire cart to bare metal . I primed and painted the complete cart then I had to replace the four o-rings in the water head . I basically had to rebuild the entire thing or throw it away.All I can say is this is another example of some company here in the United States moving there operation overseas for profit . I do n't know that for sure , I 'm just guessing.Ten years earlier I purchased a wall mounted reel made in the United States , and to date it has very little rust showing , what rust is there in around screw heads , I 'm willing to guess I will never have to paint that one.J.W.G Minneapolis
 I purchased this hose reel summer of 2006 and had to trash it this year 2008 because it had rusted into . Do n't waste your money on these steel , powder coated reels . Go for the stainless steel or the aluminum ones that do n't rust .
 Mine started to leak after about 2 weeks in use . just a small drip :--RRB- , but not where it should be . perhaps plastic is not sturdy enough ...
 I baught the sundial on my daughters birthday , and she ate it in the first five minutes ! Terrible quality ! She had the poops for a week !
 BLUE STAR SHOULD BE IN TOP LEFT HAND CORNERD ON A WHITE BACKGROUND-SOLID RED IN RIGHT TOP CORNER-BOTTOM LEFT SOLID BLUE-AND BOTTOM RIGHT A RED STAR ON A WHITE BACKGROUNDIT APPEARS TO BE SHOWING UPSIDE DOWN ... WOW
 While this feeder is beautiful blown glass , sadly the hummingbirds are n't interested in it . Also , the product description states `` 2 per case '' and I received only one feeder , so make sure you actually get your $ worth or contact Amazon .
 If you have to have it just buy it as something pretty to look at , the hummingbirds will not drink from it .
 I had a cheap , but excellent Nelson hose spray that I had bought from Walmart several years back that eventually cracked due to the severe heat/cold since I used to leave it outside . I bought this Orbit Lawn & Garden 10-Pattern Front Trigger Millenium Hose Spray from Amazon hoping I would be getting one of the best hose sprays out there . Like I said in the title of this review , the spray build quality is excellent and looks and feels great when you hold it in the hand . The moment you attach the hose and start the water , it all goes down pretty quickly . The settings are pretty much similar with little variation between them , and the ` jet ' setting barely has any power -LRB- as compared to my previous Nelson one -RRB- . The trigger lock seems convenient but drastically cuts down on the pressure because it does n't lock all the way in like you would press the trigger normally . Today , I tried to unscrew the hose from the spray , and it just would n't come out . Looks like something may have rusted inside that 's causing it to lock . I 'll have to try some other day with some WD-40 . I felt that for the price only the looks and feel were worth it , not the performance and usability which I value more . All in all , quite a dud . Would not recommend it to anyone.Updated 5/2/2010Today I had no choice but to crack open the hose spray so that I could connect the hose to the sprinkler . I will not recommend this horrible product to anyone .
 This thing supposed to be a replacement on my old nozzle , which lost most of the spring mechanism , and after looking around and reading reviews , bought this nozzle . I just do n't get the 5-stars reviews about this product . Got the nozzle couple of weeks ago and used for the first time yesterday . The nozzle 's not that heavy , the dial is not tough to turn and the swivel mechanism is pretty cool . But the lock for the squeeze trigger is just terrible . If you push the trigger all the way in , you get full water pressure , but if you try and lock the thing , the pressure will drop ... a lot ... So what 's the use of having the lock if it wo n't hold the highest pressure ??? The trigger 's kind of tough to hold , after a while I got some wrist discomfort . So , back to basics and to my old nozzle and the new nozzle will see no light in the drawer . Oh , by the way , it leaks . I had to use a second washer ...
 When I got this thing I thought it was pretty neat as all the different spray settings offered lots of fun watering the flowers , the grass , the car , and anybody who got close . Then it got dropped on the driveway and instantly started to leak backward out of the turret . I think I had this thing well over a year and loved until that one day . After it got dropped on the driveway it was done .
 I like George received a USMC flag instead of the pictured USSR flag . I thought it was particularly amusing as I recognized that there was probably a shipping mixup -LRB- USM vs USS -RRB- . Anyhow , I wrote the company about what to do and I was comp ` ed the new flag for free ... the problem is that it does not actually resemble the USSR flag as appears on wikipedia . -LSB- ... -RSB- The star is positioned too close to the sickle , the color is too burnt gold rather than yellow , the star 's yellow border is too thick , the sickle is misshapen with the handle being replaced with just an oval instead of having any sort of detail . The scythe is also too big compared with the rest of the flag , and the hammer is also comically oversized.I would not buy any flag from this dealer again .
 Good size and quality , however , it was the wrong flag . Rather than getting the USSR flag , I got a United States Marine Corps flag , not that I do n't like the Marine Corps , I just want the flag that I paid for .
 This item does n't look like the pictures . I 'm from Saudi Arabia and i know how is my country flag look like . The flag has written words and a sword on the bottom . Unlike what they send to me , they send me a flag with just words , no sword . I talked to them through e-mail but they did n't answer me . Too disappointed .
 Excellent seller !!! Item shipped and arrived quickly . Order was filled as expected ... However , the Flag/Banner was not accurately described on product page . Colors are vibrant , but the material is `` see-through '' mesh . Background shows through the material . I was expecting solid flag material to prominently display the excellent design outdoors . I will keep the flag/banner and display indoors instead .
 I found this product works well but is not robust . This is my second one and both have developed cracks in them during winter months and after about a year of use . I keep the parts insulated . The third valve I have is from a different manufacturer and is holding up well .
 Bought this Rain Bird sprinkler valve a little over a year ago and it started out with minor water hammer problems . Every time it turned on/off it would rattle the plumbing -- easy to tell when the sprinkler went on/off . After several months of use the valve started having worse water hammer problems getting progressively louder . After being off all winter this valve worked as its usual noisy self and then one morning started cycling on and off with severe water hammer that was impossible to turn off . It was so bad that my neighbor showed up wondering what was rattling his plumbing . Turning the timer off still did n't solve the problem-it still cycled on/off . The only solution that worked was to turn the water off to the sprinkler system and replace the valve . Replaced the Rain bird valve with a new Lawn Genie valve and was impressed with how quiet it turned on and off -- zero water hammer . Replaced the other Rain Bird valves with new Lawn Genie valves and whole system now much quieter .
 I recieved it within the time frame but its not the actual flag it looks like my little nieces drew the lion ... Totally counterfeit !
 Excellent seller !!! Item shipped and arrived quickly . Order was filled as expected ... However , the Flag/Banner was not accurately described on product page . Colors are vibrant , but the material is `` see-through '' mesh . Background shows through the material . I was expecting solid flag material to prominently display the excellent design outdoors . I will keep the flag/banner and display indoors instead .
 Excellent seller !!! Item shipped and arrived quickly . Order was filled as expected ... However , the Flag/Banner was not accurately described on product page . Colors are vibrant , but the material is `` see-through '' mesh . Background shows through the material . I was expecting solid flag material to prominently display the excellent design outdoors . I will keep the flag/banner and display indoors instead .
 It is n't what we ordered , but it was n't worth the effort to exchange . If anyone actually reads this , please send the right flag !
 This shovel did n't come with an extra handle as advertized . The handle is also pulpwood and the hand handle is plastic . For the money I am disappointed with my purchase .
 As of 9/4/2010 it clearly states that the product costs $ 1.61 and shipping cost is $ 35.65 ! Is this product being shipped from the planet Jupiter ?! I have n't purchased this product and if anyone else does at this shippping price should have his/her head examined .
 Steel rakes are heavy but aluminum ones break tines so I went for heavy . The super rake avoids being very heavy by having thin , widely spaced , uncurved tines that I disliked , though not enough to return it . It will let larger stones through than other rakes and I ca n't pull embedded stones from the soil very easily but it will scratch up hard soil enough to seed with grass and can spread loose topsoil and gravel quickly with its three foot width . The `` long handle '' is n't any longer than a standard garden rake and overall I wish I bought another model of extra-wide steel rake but I 'll make do with this one for the rare occasions I need it .
 This product is very flimsy , the dimensions are a little misleading too
 I just cut out a bird and chipmunk trapped with these nets around their feet and neck . Sad sight to see , I hope they survive . I ca n't recommend a product that is so flimsy that animals ca n't penetrate it but then get stuck in it .
 Very thin , flimsy material . You can tear it just getting it opened up and stretched out . I was frustrated and disappointed
 Excellent seller !!! Item shipped and arrived quickly . Order was filled as expected ... However , the Flag/Banner was not accurately described on product page . Colors are vibrant , but the material is `` see-through '' mesh . Background shows through the material . I was expecting solid flag material to prominently display the excellent design outdoors . I will keep the flag/banner and display indoors instead .
 I bought this as a gift for a friend in another state , I just got a report from her that the wire mesh is too large to hold black oil sunflower seeds . This was the reason I bought it , so I 'm going to have to give it a very low grade .
 I received the Jamaican flag in just a few days after ordering it . It is way bigger than I imagined it would be . For the price of $ 4.49 it is a steal . It isproudly hung in my bedroom reminding me of my wonderful trips to Jamaica .
 I went ahead and ordered this despite other reviewers because I had seen the item in a store and the pictures looked the same . I figured if the color representation was off , it would n't be a big deal , as long as they matched -LRB- I had ordered 2 -RRB- . Wrong.The item I received is different from the picture shown in every way . First off , I selected the Fieldstone color option.l To begin with discrepancies , it is not the short 3 '' tall border as shown , and that I had seen in a store . I received a 6 '' or so tall border that has the look of stacked fieldstone . Secondly , it is not two sided , it is tall , skinny , and has the empty side . Lastly , it is n't 10ft long . The product I received is only 9 ' 4 '' . That being said , I am returning it , and I cancelled the one that had n't shipped yet.Order with caution . I will post a photo of what the Fieldstone actually is . Perhaps that will help other shoppers .
 This `` rock '' edging is around 3/4 '' inch thick back to front , and 2 inches tall . It is smaller than I expected and also glaringly shiny . It looks exceptionally fake . I 'll be using something else .
 I purchased this product last Spring and installed 6 boxes of this edging . It does not stay in the ground and I 'm constantly walking around pushing it down . I push one piece down and another piece pops up . It is a good concept but the functionality needs work .
 A waste of time . I will never buy these again . Puny , uneven , and was n't anything that I expected . Do n't waste your money .
 I ordered this item twice and twice I received the wrong product . Instead of receiving the item pictured and applicable part number , I received `` SUNCAST FDS10GY FIELDSTONE EDGING '' ... completely different item than what is pictured and described.Part number and descripton needs to be corrected somewhere along the line -LRB- I tried to explain this to the customer service agent ... not sure if anything was done -RRB- . Rather than getting the wrong item a third time , I purchased this item from another supplier .
 Wow , I purchased based on reviews in here , but what a dissapointment.This stuff looks cheap and feels cheap and only square corners , norounding the edges . After installed you get a couple of inches above ground.The pictures are deceiving .
 The Item number is for 10-1 foot sections of part number BSE10TG . The picture is for part number FDS10GY . The image is for a different part number than listed .
 I am very pleased with the quality of this item . I have seen similar items sold in stores for more money that were not equal to the quality of this product .
 While this feeder is beautiful blown glass , sadly the hummingbirds are n't interested in it . Also , the product description states `` 2 per case '' and I received only one feeder , so make sure you actually get your $ worth or contact Amazon .
 If you have to have it just buy it as something pretty to look at , the hummingbirds will not drink from it .
 While this feeder is beautiful blown glass , sadly the hummingbirds are n't interested in it . Also , the product description states `` 2 per case '' and I received only one feeder , so make sure you actually get your $ worth or contact Amazon .
 If you have to have it just buy it as something pretty to look at , the hummingbirds will not drink from it .
 The first day I used it I BROKE IT !! Lowes shovels are BETTER GRADE !!! These shovels are over priced and under made .
 The flag that arrived did not have the red star in the center . It seems to be some sort of upside-down Dutch flag .
 This was a complete disaster . It came in a thousand pieces . So we returned it and were charged $ 45.00 for freight . Amazon is in the freight business .
 I bought this in 2010 and it was in the trash around the same time in 2011 . While it looked like it would hold up , it suffered from the same things most covers do . Stains , dry rot , cracking , leaks , holes . It was able to make it through one Indiana winter and to a rainy spring , but that was it . At around $ 60 that is just not good enough . I expected it to make it at least 2 years hopefully more . I am seriously thinking about just using a standard tarp ... you can pick them up for next to nothing and they seem to last forever . In the end ... buy something else .
 Bought several of these covers and they worked great at first . . then months later they started warping , mildewing and the plastic was breaking / tearing . . Not the greatest covers by any means . .
 The cover has been over my patio set when it rain and there is always water coming through it.If there is an amount of water over a stitches you can be sure that it will be damp under and its only 2 month old.NOT WATERPROOF OR WEATHERPROOF .
 My purchase from Super Bargain Now was a horrible experience . I recommend that Amazon should quit their affiliation with them immediately . Super Bargains Now advertised a price on their web page and I bought the product . They then refunded my money and said the price was no good . I will never do business with Super Bargains Now or Amazon ever again . I do not see how a company can advertise a price and not back it up . It was blatant false advertising .
 This Guardian Generator Model # 04582 is JUNK.DO NOT BUY.I have had this generator for 4 months and it hasnot run right yet . Hunts badly from 55 to 65 cycles.Now , I ca n't get it to start.Customer Service is horrible . Ca n't get a phone numberto talk to anyone at Guardian.The Authorized Dealer in my area does not know what wrongwith the generator and will not give me a number so I can send it back .
 The engine hunts up and down every few seconds.So the light get bright and then dimThe engine cycles between 58 and 62 cycles per secondThe Authorize Service dealer said this ca n't be fixWorks good on lights but on electronic equip this is bad .
 I agree with the other reviewers that these are nice table/chair covers for the money . The vinyl seems to be of a good quality and the velcro straps to fasten the cover are a nice feature.My problem is the sizing . I bought one that should have fit my table and chairs near perfect -LRB- 120 x 80 '' with 30 '' drop -RRB- . The problem is the product actually measures out to 115 x 75 '' with a 28 '' drop . It still sort of fits , but half the velcro straps are worthless since they wo n't reach down far enough so they can attach to the chair legs.I would return the cover to get a larger size , but now that the weather has gotten nasty , I 'll just live with it . < < < Updated -LRB- reduced from 3 stars to 1 star -RRB- Well , spring time weather has finally arrived and I removed the cover . Bad news -- water has been dripping onto my table all winter . This cover has a velcro seam that seeps water . Why they have this seam , I do n't know.My marble table is now etched from water sitting on it all winter . I can get the table polished for $ 150 + , or etch the rest of the table with a vinegar wash . Should have paid for the more expensive cover .
 Very good quality but will definitely come off in a wind blowing at 15 to 20 mph or more . The wind also has a tendency to blow beneath the table and chairs causing the cover to balloon upward which assists in its rapid removal . You need to tie the Velcro straps to the chair and table legs with a knot in order for it to remain in place thus making it difficult to remove easily . The manufacture definitely needs to come up with a better way of attaching the cover to table and chair legs . They might also want to consider providing small sandbags to place on top of the table to help prevent ballooning.I 'm going to try two Hugger Mugger Yoga Sandbags from Amazon.comUPDATE
 I like the fabric , nice and smooth and flexible , but , the velcro straps are not sewn on very well . The first windy day one of the straps tore loose from the cover . I have a commercial sewing machine , so , I sewed it back on , and re-sewed all the other ones on better . The next windy day , the strap tore completely off . If you live in an area with lots of wind , be leery of this cover . Also , since it 's sold by Amazon , you ca n't get in touch with the manufacturer .
 I purchased this cover this summer , wanting to keep a teak patio set protected from the harsh sun & rain . Recently , I left the cover on for several weeks -LRB- no more than 3 -RRB- , and this afternoon when I took it off I noticed that the rain had soaked through onto the table top and left a stain on the table surface . I would have been better off not covering it at all , as now there is uneven staining that is unsightly.What 's worse than the defective product is that it appears that I 'm not able to return it , as the window has expired.Look elsewhere if you want a realiable weatherproof product .
 First , I have to say that I only just received this item and have yet to get it running . I will update this review after I have made more progress.In the mean time , be warned , this generator does NOT come with a battery . Never through the purchase process are you told it does not come with a battery . The manual does n't even say that you have to provide your own battery . I know that compared to the overall cost , this is a small item . But it really irks me . Can you imagine going to a car dealer , buying a car , and then being told that you have to bring your own battery to pick it up.The second reason that I am only giving it two stars is because it took more than two months to get this generator delivered . No less than four times I had to approve a delay in shipping . I expect this has more to do with the manufacturer then it does Amazon.com . However , had I known it was going to take so long to get delivery , I would have ordered it months earlier . Now it is December and 9 degrees outside and I am going to be finally installing my generator . Not really the most ideal conditions.Update : It 's now March and I have been operating my generator for several months now . I have not had any substantial power outages , so I have not put it to a serious real world test yet . However , with the testing that I have done so far , the generator performs as claimed . It also performs it 's weekly exercise as scheduled and on time . The noise is very tolerable.Installation was not too challenging -LRB- aside from the cold -RRB- and the conversion from natural gas to LP was a breeze . I do have two small complaints . The first relates to the battery again . The cradle they provide for the battery is too small for the type of battery they specify . However , a quick trip to the hardware store for two slightly longer metric bolts and the problem is solved . The second small challenge is that some of the hardware is metric and some is english . This is obviously not a big problem , just an annoyance . I will update this review again after I have had to do some PM .
 first one did not work replace it with a refurbished one tried calling generac to get a new one not a refurbished one . it was a week old when it broke down ran once.called customer service and this is how they take care of a customer . they have no customer service at all they said basically to bad .
 Bottles were not unopened . So seller could have added or emptyd if they wanted . Products didnt look like they helped much so I idk if it was the real thing but I tried to use . Id reccomnd just buying from a hydro store bcuz the one local to me charged less than what I paid but I wasent about to return these and repurchase cuz my plants needed nutes . Id recommend general hydroponics anyway same results and its more affordable . Or buy from a place where u can see the lids are sealed
 seems like a lot of the stuff is to course and settles out fast and winds up in bottom of water pail and not on your plants will not buy it again
 This stuff does not go very far & seriously i have had better grows with miracle gro to be honest , so a waste of money & time in my book .
 I recently recieved my Nute Trio and discovered one of the bottles wasnt even seeled -LRB- no seel under the cap or over the mouth of the bottle -RRB- the other two were seeled but the seel wasnt very good -LRB- nutrients leaked from the bottles durring shipping -RRB- . However i decided to go ahead and use them trusting this seller . I will update my opinion later when i see results .
 These products are complete trash IMO . I love fox farm soils I think they work great . However there fertilizer line could use a lot of work . First let me start by saying they are way underpowered in todays market . Clearly people need to learn how to feed plants rather then burn them isnt rocket science . Second this product will lower ph levels and cause acid build up . If feeding an fruit vines your going to need to transplant to new soil ever month maybe 2 if use these 3-4 times a week . I really think they could do a lot better with their product . The biggest reason i see is they are trying to stay some what natural in formula which is good but when it costs quality then im against it .
 first one did not work replace it with a refurbished one tried calling generac to get a new one not a refurbished one . it was a week old when it broke down ran once.called customer service and this is how they take care of a customer . they have no customer service at all they said basically to bad .
 First , I have to say that I only just received this item and have yet to get it running . I will update this review after I have made more progress.In the mean time , be warned , this generator does NOT come with a battery . Never through the purchase process are you told it does not come with a battery . The manual does n't even say that you have to provide your own battery . I know that compared to the overall cost , this is a small item . But it really irks me . Can you imagine going to a car dealer , buying a car , and then being told that you have to bring your own battery to pick it up.The second reason that I am only giving it two stars is because it took more than two months to get this generator delivered . No less than four times I had to approve a delay in shipping . I expect this has more to do with the manufacturer then it does Amazon.com . However , had I known it was going to take so long to get delivery , I would have ordered it months earlier . Now it is December and 9 degrees outside and I am going to be finally installing my generator . Not really the most ideal conditions.Update : It 's now March and I have been operating my generator for several months now . I have not had any substantial power outages , so I have not put it to a serious real world test yet . However , with the testing that I have done so far , the generator performs as claimed . It also performs it 's weekly exercise as scheduled and on time . The noise is very tolerable.Installation was not too challenging -LRB- aside from the cold -RRB- and the conversion from natural gas to LP was a breeze . I do have two small complaints . The first relates to the battery again . The cradle they provide for the battery is too small for the type of battery they specify . However , a quick trip to the hardware store for two slightly longer metric bolts and the problem is solved . The second small challenge is that some of the hardware is metric and some is english . This is obviously not a big problem , just an annoyance . I will update this review again after I have had to do some PM .
 I purchased this cover this summer , wanting to keep a teak patio set protected from the harsh sun & rain . Recently , I left the cover on for several weeks -LRB- no more than 3 -RRB- , and this afternoon when I took it off I noticed that the rain had soaked through onto the table top and left a stain on the table surface . I would have been better off not covering it at all , as now there is uneven staining that is unsightly.What 's worse than the defective product is that it appears that I 'm not able to return it , as the window has expired.Look elsewhere if you want a realiable weatherproof product .
 I agree with the other reviewers that these are nice table/chair covers for the money . The vinyl seems to be of a good quality and the velcro straps to fasten the cover are a nice feature.My problem is the sizing . I bought one that should have fit my table and chairs near perfect -LRB- 120 x 80 '' with 30 '' drop -RRB- . The problem is the product actually measures out to 115 x 75 '' with a 28 '' drop . It still sort of fits , but half the velcro straps are worthless since they wo n't reach down far enough so they can attach to the chair legs.I would return the cover to get a larger size , but now that the weather has gotten nasty , I 'll just live with it . < < < Updated -LRB- reduced from 3 stars to 1 star -RRB- Well , spring time weather has finally arrived and I removed the cover . Bad news -- water has been dripping onto my table all winter . This cover has a velcro seam that seeps water . Why they have this seam , I do n't know.My marble table is now etched from water sitting on it all winter . I can get the table polished for $ 150 + , or etch the rest of the table with a vinegar wash . Should have paid for the more expensive cover .
 Very good quality but will definitely come off in a wind blowing at 15 to 20 mph or more . The wind also has a tendency to blow beneath the table and chairs causing the cover to balloon upward which assists in its rapid removal . You need to tie the Velcro straps to the chair and table legs with a knot in order for it to remain in place thus making it difficult to remove easily . The manufacture definitely needs to come up with a better way of attaching the cover to table and chair legs . They might also want to consider providing small sandbags to place on top of the table to help prevent ballooning.I 'm going to try two Hugger Mugger Yoga Sandbags from Amazon.comUPDATE
 I like the fabric , nice and smooth and flexible , but , the velcro straps are not sewn on very well . The first windy day one of the straps tore loose from the cover . I have a commercial sewing machine , so , I sewed it back on , and re-sewed all the other ones on better . The next windy day , the strap tore completely off . If you live in an area with lots of wind , be leery of this cover . Also , since it 's sold by Amazon , you ca n't get in touch with the manufacturer .
 First of all , the graphics suck . The characters suck . Everything sucks in this one . My brother paid ten dollars for this game . I would n't of paid a penny . Rent it if you dare . Terrible game .
 Twisted Metal is a great game . Nothin beats fully equiped vehicles battling it out all over the world in hopes of becoming the victor and claming the ultimate prize , anything they desire ... You battle your way all through los angeles desroying everything in your path . There are may vehicles to choose from such as darkside , sweet tooth , yellow jacket , outlaw , pit viper and many more . You should definetly pick this one up . Check out Twisted Metal 2 , its even better than this one . Get 'em both ...
 i got this game a couple of weeks ago and I do not see how anyone could like it . The computer always gets behind you so you have to turn around with horrible car physics which takes a while with people like Darkside and Minion . The cpntrols are bad and all the fighting seems to be in the same place . You can have some fun woth this game though ...
 Twisted Metal is BORING ! The cars are slugs and the battle field is about as big as the T.V. screen . Trust me I know this stuff . I have Twisted Metal 1 , 2 , and 4 . If you have the game get Twisted Metal 2 or 4 . Even if you like it . Soon you will see Twisted Metal 2 or 4 is twice as fun . -LRB- If you are just learing about the game get Twisted Metal 2 -RRB- Please do n't waste your money .
 This hose is cheap and does n't deliver water evenly . I 'm on my second 50 ' hose and it puddles water at the end and delivers nothing on the upper end . My garden beds are level , so it 's the hose . I 've been given advice to go with a better pro quality product , such as Fiskars or Osimile -LRB- sold by Rittenhouse on Amazon -RRB- . If I 'm going to go through the effort to lay out one of these puppies on a hot day , I want it to be worth it for the long haul . It 's worth $ 20 of my time .
 These hoses are absolute crap ! I would n't even give this product 1 star ! I made the mistake of buying 5 of these a few months ago . None of them actually sprinkle no matter what side of the hose is facing upwards , they just barely drip . And then the second time I used them 3 of them developed big holes through the side of the hose in several places ! They are unusable now since they do n't take a repair very well , they just develop more holes further down . Save your money and buy the more expensive ones - at least you 'll have a useable hose !
 I should have read the existing reviews before purchasing . Indeed , the watering pattern is so uneven that it is unfit for gardening . If your garden depends on water during dry times , 2/3 of your garden will die because only a few oversize holes in this hose will spurt water . Go with a Gilmour hose instead . The Swan hose is so bad , it should be pulled from the market .
 This deer netting was much lighter weight than some bird netting I recently purchased from another site . How can deer netting be lighter than bird netting ? I put it up around some new trees anyway and we will see if the deer just run through it when food gets scarce around here . I guess you get what you pay for .
 We hung this fencing around our small orchard . It was really hard to work with , easily tangling itself . The first night after we installed it , the deer jumped right through it . We then installed a similar fence that had a heavier gauge and it has held . I wish we had spent the extra money up front and purchased the stronger fence in the first place.Easy Gardener LG400171 7 ' x 100 ' Black Deer Barrier
 We put this around our vegetable garden and the deer busted right through it . Rabbits chewed their way through . Did n't keep anything out !
 This rack is poorly made . Just arrived and it 's already broken . The frame is really thin and the welds holding it together are just tacks that are poorly done . One of the welds did n't hold at all . Pretty disappointed . Not sure how long the other welds will hold out in the heat .
 DO NOT BUY THESE COVERS FROM PROTECTIVE COVERS , INC. . THEY ARE NOT WATERPROOF ! DO NOT BE FOOLED AS I WAS AND THEN HAVE THEM `` DISCOVER '' RIPS ON COVER SO WARRANTLY COULD BE VOIDED . ALL WILL LEAK LIKE A SIEVE .
 It cracked and dried out in the short amount of time that we had them . Unfortunately the PHX sun beats the ever living life out of things , but if this was rain and snow resistant , I thought it would be able to handle the sun too .
 For the price , the cover is thin with an undercover of fluffy material . The water goes right through it and I know I would never buy another one like it . The color does not fade but gets dirty easily from the air pollution . Pillows were all wet underneath the cover .
 Be careful , this material leaks . I had a bad experience with the chair version of this brand . The rain leaks through it and it can stain whatever you are covering -LRB- the color is medium grey not light as pictured -RRB- . It is not breathable so you also then have mildew problems . Another reminder to me that you usually get what you pay for .
 DO NOT BUY THESE COVERS FROM PROTECTIVE COVERS , INC. . THEY ARE NOT WATERPROOF ! DO NOT BE FOOLED AS I WAS AND THEN HAVE THEM `` DISCOVER '' RIPS ON COVER SO WARRANTLY COULD BE VOIDED . ALL WILL LEAK LIKE A SIEVE FROM THE DAY YOU RECEIVE THEM .
 I ordered matching sofa and chair covers . All in stock at time of order . Got the chair covers but seller cancelled sofa cover order . Still shows in stock and I 've ordered it twice now . When it is late and I inquire both times they state they do not carry this item anymore.Now I have chair covers . No sofa cover . Sofa cover still available and in - stock per amazon . Company is unresponsive to email.I have no need for covers that do not match . Beware of this seller !
 I bought this as a temporary cover until I got a better one . What a big mistake . Not only did it leak , the dye from it stained my chair . One of my worst and most regretted purchases ever . Trying to save some money cost me multiples more in the long run . Even if not for the leak , the quality is very poor . It is an old style vinyl cover which means it does n't breath and that is not good because you get mildew and such . Yuck . I bought a duck brand cover for a sofa at same time that I bought this one . The quality is ten times greater than this even though it cost just a bit more . No leaks , it breathes and you can see and feel the quality difference is light years apart from this one.Lesson learned , passing it along to you .
 I 've had this cover for a year and it simply has started to disintegrate in the sunlight . I live in Southern California by the ocean . Not pleased with this product .
 It 's cracking after being outside for only 1 month . Very disappointing especially after opening them and seeing that the plastic looked somewhat thick .
 After rain both chairs are wet - both covers leak along the stitches . The rain was not heavy.I am very disappointed .
 I too measured my glider and when I received the order found that the cover was not an accurate fit . I did not comment at that time because it was ` workable ' and I am not a complainer . Now after two years -LRB- I know it sounds like a long time -RRB- the cover is hardened and falling apart in BIG flakes to expose the insulating materials within . I only comment on this now because I have a full size glider cover which I purchased more than five years ago that is holding up and is still as pliable as new . Both covers are located in the same patio area under a lattice cover . I research based on reviews and price and at the time this was a good deal -LRB- $ 30 . -RRB- Now I am not so sure and am very disappointed in the product .
 Beware ! I measured our glider to be sure this cover would fit . When we received the cover and attempted to put it on the glider , it did n't fit . It was n't even close . The cover seemed to be an entire foot shorter than claimed .
 DO NOT BUY THESE COVERS FROM PROTECTIVE COVERS , INC. . THEY ARE NOT WATERPROOF ! DO NOT BE FOOLED AS I WAS AND THEN HAVE THEM `` DISCOVER '' RIPS ON COVER SO WARRANTLY COULD BE VOIDED . ALL WILL LEAK LIKE A SIEVE FROM DAY ONE .
 This product was even nicer than I imagined . Very nice quality and I was certainly satisfied .
 I have used this shovel for only two N.Y. snow storms and it is already wearing through . The wear strip is mounted on the inside of the shovel . Thus the bottom of the shovel beneath the metal wear strip is wearing out . This shovel will not last one season . I have other suncast shovels which have the wear strip on both sides of the shovel . These products last longer . The shovel that I recommend is Suncast SC2700 20-Inch Snow Shovel/Pusher Combo with Wear Strip And D-Grip Handle .
 I returned this item and never actually used it on the grill . It is porceline coated , and two ends of the grilling surface had porceling missing with bare metal exposed . It would have rusted almost immediately . I doubt it would have held up to a barbque spatula . The concept with one solid half is excellent , as well as the three lips and one open end .
 For the price you can afford to buy one of these even if you have to work on it . I had to rebuild the fuel injector pump to make this generator work . I contacted the company about my problem and as of yet have not received a response.The voltage of the 12v charging terminals are less than 12 v so they will discharge a battery rather than charge it.at 40 hours the hour meter quit working.The capacitor in the generator had to be replacedAll these things in one generator with less than 80hrs , I just fixed them myself because I never got response from Amico . Because I can fix the thing I kept it , but you should know about there quality control .
 I bought two of these brushes and the heads of both broke off almost immediately . Plastic swivel is thin and can not take any stress when pushing/pulling snow .
 Bought 2 of these for winter , one for each car.Both of them broke within 2 minutes of first use -LRB- removing moderate snow -RRB- , leaving us stranded .
 I purchased this brand of tubing six years ago from a hardware store . It was flexible , easy to work with and provided me with many years of service . The tubing that arrived a few days ago is so stiff and inflexible that it is very difficult to work with and you have to heat the connections to get a seal on junctions and emitters . Unfortunately it does n't always seal completely.It just feels like cheap plastic compared to the old stuff .
 The tubing is plastic , not rubber , so it is stiff and less flexible then the other tubing I have used . It gets the job done , but not as easy to place where you want it .
 I ordered this on request from a customer who I 'm building a gun case for and wow is this thing of the lowest quality . It 's so thin you can see through it , immediately after unboxing it is already getting loose threads that got caught on the cardboard box and pulled even looser . I told the customer I would cover the cost of a better quality flag because I 'm not putting this thing in my work . It 's that bad . But at the price I should have known better .
 IVE BEEN ASKED FOR A REVIEW AND I HAVE NOT EVEN RECIEVED THE ORDER IM WAITING PATIENTLY , EVEN THOUGH IVE RECIEVED ORDERS THAT I MADE A WEEK AFTER MAKING THIS ONE . ILL GIVE A BETTER REVIEW IF AND WHEN I GET THE PRODUCT
 I was looking for a historical flag to order that represented the history , honor and courage of my fellow Americans and by accident came across this piece of trash which represents treason , slavery and shame .
 I was going to order this , then suddenly remembered that this is the United States of America , where we do n't honor traitors and terrorists .
 The flag would have been alright if they had sent me the correct flag . I asked for the Confederate Flag but was sent a British Flag instead -LRB- in the clear package that clearly stated Confederate Flag -RRB- . Did n't return the British Flag , and gave it to another person instead of who it was intended for . I 'll probably reorder a Confederate Flag , but probably not from this distributor .
 Picture shows that it can go down to 50F , but the one I was shipped only goes down to 100F .
 The Lifetime web site says `` Made in USA '' , but the bottom of the table says `` Made in China '' .
 I am disappointed that I tried to save a few bucks by ordering this product . It works but you have to literally touch the metal with the tip . It says you should get 1.5 '' , you do n't . I do n't see an use for this item if you have to touch the metal . If you can touch it , you 're there . You do n't need a pinpointer for that .
 range is .5 -1 in horrible and forget it , if the coin object is thin , i just put it up to a penny , dime , Q and it didnt even go OFF lol ... my wife laughed at me and my disappointment lol , i luv my Teknetics Omega , but they dropped the ball baddd
 save your 50 bucks this is just three pieces of metal wire
 Sprayer did not work from day one . The plastic on the top of the tank lid was unevenly machined and would not hold a seal . Air leaked out constantly and you had to pump the unit every ten seconds to hold any pressure . I returned it and Amazon refunded my money .
 Damlow is Misleading and it is a PIX belt and not the correct length , nowhere on the AD does it state a Pix belt of a lessor grade that is going to be sent out.Damlow shows a Ferris Drive belt Part # 1520824 in there AD and then sends out a lessor quality belt that is n't even the same original length.See below the response from Damlow . This response came after 3 months of trying to get them to resolve the problem , i finally got my charge card company involved.Amazon could care less for how their sellers are misleading the Public!Look at there AD and Judge for yourself , i have been in business for 35 years and never once misled the public like these people have!Also there AD never says to OEM Spec 's , -LRB- OEM Spec 's of Who -RRB- this imply 's it is a lessor Grade , No where does it state it is a replacment Pix belt , it only shows a ferris belt part # 1520824 . these folks are Scammers at best ! `` I apologize you feel this way and that you are not satisfied with your order . When aftermarket parts such as this are sold online they are generally listed as `` Replacement for '' , when n OEM part is sold online it is usually stated as `` Genuine '' or `` OEM '' in the listing . The listing also states the the belt is made to OEM specs , this indicates the belt is not original manufacturer made but rather an aftermarket part . ''
 I also used my generator twice and it failed after the second use . The company was very helpful in telling me I needed a new invertor , for $ 50 . which they promptly shipped for an additional $ 15 . That was the end of their customer service . After 4-5 calls requesting a repair manual and a return call , with not one call being returned , I was finally able to speak with a service rep. I requested a repair manual once again , which again fell on deaf ears . I have the inverter but not the guidance to install it . I emailed the company concerning this issue but did not receive a reply . Buyer Beware !
 Both the choke and fuel control knob were broken on delivery . The construction of both were compleate garbage so I 'm not supprised . After repairing these things , I started up the generator and it ran fine . Two days later I tried to start it again and could not.I eventual got it working again , but this thing is total junk . Trust me
 Got the generator in and it worked once . After that the motor would run but would not generate any AC or DC power . Customer servcie was unable to locate a service center that would work on the unit . They authorized a refund within just a few days .
 Bought generator in Feb . Opened it when lost power . The generator would not start . Called customer service which required that you leave a message . Never got back to me . Finally got thru and now have to fax copy of my order before they will tell me where I can go to have it fixed . A bad company When I needed generator in an emergency -LRB- out of power for 9 days -RRB- it was a bust . After repair found out I did not put in enough oil and when the repair man put in correct amount of oil started right up and runs fine . It 's not operating was my fault . Will stay with customer service problems . Was repaired by Sears which was very accomidating
 I am a parts manager in a lawn mower shop where I deal with manufacturers and distributors all over the US and Canada and All Power is hands down the absolute worst company I have ever dealt with . first of all you CAN NOT get their parts anywhere but from them directly . Sears supposedly carries them but it 's all indefinately backordered . I ordered a replacement fuel shutoff for a customers generator and waited close to three weeks . When I called to see what was going on , THEY HAD N'T EVEN PROCESSED THE ORDER . The customer service people you talk to on the phone have no interaction with the parts department and neither one of them has any interaction with billing . So customer service never passed it through and it just sat and got ignored . Now that my customer waiting for their generator was enraged I stayed on the phone with customer service and made sure they talked to billing and parts and the order got processed . When it finally got here it was the wrong part which was looked up by them because you ca n't find parts breakdowns for 90 % of their machines . Another call and another order at my expense and finally I got a fuel shutoff AND IT LEAKED . Another call and they said they would send me out another one . A week later I call to see where it is and it has n't shipped because they dont have it in stock . Their solution to this is apparently to get a complete generator shipped over from another location which I believe is China so they can take a fuel shutoff off of that and then ship that to me . THEY APPARENTLY CAN `` T EVEN GET ONE OF THEIR OWN FUEL SHUTOFFS UNLESS THEY TAKE IT OFF A GENERATOR THEY SPECIAL ORDER FOR THE OCCASION !!?? STAY AWAY FROM THESE INCOMPETENT IDIOTS
 This mount was said to be super easy to do , this took me about 4 hours to assemble . The rubber parts do n't fit the metal mount and there is no way to get the rubber pieces in . I had no doubt that this product would work but I thought wrong . Horrible set up and design ! do not buy !
 THE SEEDS WERE FINE , BUT IT CONTAINED TO MUCH TRASH . I TRIED TO CALCULATE THE PER CENT TRASH AND THE BEST ESTIMATE WAS ABOUT 15-20 PERCENT .
 I have used a Flotron for years to control mosquitoes around my house in a state where the mosquito is considered the official state bird . The Flowtron hung on the side of a shed wall right out in the elements -LRB- one year even right through a Maine winter ! -RRB- and I could always rely on it to zap night flying bugs from spring to fall , year after year . After many years of service the starter finally burned out . No problem . Three minutes , four screws and five dollars later my Flowtron was back to work smokin ' my little tormentors . -LRB- I love the smell of toasted mosquitoes in the morning . Smells like ... victory ! -RRB- Last year I saw a Stinger on sale and decided that if one bug zapper was good , then two would be better . Maybe that reasoning is true if both units are Flowtrons , but not when one or more of the zappers is a Stinger ! Even though I hung it under a wide protective eave on my garage , the Stinger only lasted a couple of months before it stopped working . The original bulb was blackened so I figured that it would be a simple fix . After installing a $ 20 replacement bulb , I rehung the Stinger , but the next morning there was no usual pile of bugs under the unit or in the grid . I reasoned that it was a burned out starter , but when I went to take the Stinger apart , I found that there is no easy way to get to the starter . Bad enough when a newly purchased item craps out prematurely , but then to discover that the manufacturer put more time , money , and effort into designing a FIX-proof P.O.S. rather than a fool-proof product , it really sizzles my bacon.Long story short , Stinger sucks at any price !
 Bought this unit from Wal & art . Worked great for two weeks then , no longer worked . I left it outside for two weeks . Exchanged for another . Also worked great for another two weeks then nothing . Took that one back also . Durability of this product is ZERO . Buy a Flowtron and save yourself the hassel . This company ca n't make a good product .
 The most difficult part of this review was deciding whether the words `` piece of crap '' , `` garbage '' or `` rip off '' were the most appropriate descriptions . As you can see , I took the high road and went with `` garbage '' . I purchased this two years ago as a replacement for a Flowtron that had worked well for me for a number of years and died of old age . I thought the cool , violet light and daylight sensing switch were going to be an upgrade . It worked for a few weeks then the bulb died . Now , when I say that it `` worked '' , I mean that it came on . It did n't really kill any insects , unless they were evaporated into atoms and not visible to the naked eye . Disgusted and sorry , I bought a new Flowtron to replace this thing and the new Flowtorn has worked flawlessly for two seasons now . While cleaning out the garage last week , I came across this thing and thought to myself -LRB- foolishly -RRB- `` Gee , maybe I 'll just replace the bulb and give this another chance '' . Then , thought I , I could have TWO bug zappers around the pool and happier guests . So , I bought a new UV bulb for 14 bucks from an independent company who were quite friendly and very quick . I placed the new bulb in the Stinger only to find that the entire unit was dead as a doornail . I did not take the time to call customer support or attempt to get a refund . I just did what most guys would do and launched the oblong device in a perfect arcing trajectory into my supercan , where it now resides awaiting its conversion to landfill . Do yourself a favor - get a Flowtron . Sting , indeed !
 We tried this for more than two weeks and did not kill a single mosquitto , though there are plentifull around the house . Only killed one bee . Waste of money . The lower-end product with the clear bulb worked better - killed some mosquittoes .
 Did n't last a year before it would n't light up . Replacing the $ 14 bulb did n't work . This is just poorly made and has no chance of ever lasting the 3 yr warranty . Walmart has even stopped selling this item because of so may returns .
 stinger ultra bug zapper , the only bug zapper readily purchased at Lowes and Home Depot . I purchased three of these last spring . replaced bulbs about every month . By the end of Summer only one still worked . I took it out of storage and plugged it in this spring and it did n't work even after bulb changes . Stinger makes a Piece of Junk !!! My first Flowtron lasted 6 years and never needed a bulb change . I threw it out because I could n't figure out how to change the bulb and purchased a new one when my stingers quit working last summer . It worked when I plugged it in this spring but the bulbs burned out . After replacing both bulbs , only one bulb worked . -LCB- NOT MADE LIKE THEY USED TO BE ! -RCB-
 This appeared to work great for a few weeks , and then the bulb stopped working . We bought a new one thinking it may be a faulty bulb , but that one would n't work either . We took it in to where we bought it and no one was able to see what was wrong . We were just out of luck ... -RRB- : We spent the rest of last summer dealing with it -LRB- and getting bit ! -RRB- , but after reading more reviews , I am off to order the Flowtron zapper . Here 's hoping for better luck !
 If I could give zero stars I would . We bought this model , plugged it in , set it to 24/7 mode , and waited . And waited . The bulb never came on so we exchanged it , thinking it was defective . Got second one home and same thing . Only by accident did we discover that the switch was n't covering the sensor enough to turn on the bulb . It only worked when duct tape was put over it . And by `` worked '' I mean the bulb came on . We chose not to use the chemical lure provided and I do n't think a single bug went near it . We 'll be taking this back for a refund and likely ordering a Flowtron .
 I purchased -LRB- and returned -RRB- this from a local home improvement store . This bug zapper is JUNK ! I read the varied reviews but figured I 'd give it a try anyway . I liked the propaganda about attracting more bugs because of the true black light , and the light sensor . I had an older bug zapper , so I placed it about 25 feet from this new one . The old zapper worked good , as always . This zapper zapped once or twice when it first turned on , but then not much more . I do n't know if it was because it did n't attract bugs , or if the high voltage was n't working . It lit up every night for about 2 weeks , the after the first rain ... KAPUT ! If one good rain will zap the zapper , then I 'd say it is a p!ss p@@r design . I do n't know how this company is still in business .
 Mine also failed to start after the first season.It 's not the bulb , it 's the unit . Go with Flowtron .
 I have wasted time and money on two of these . The first one lasted three days , the second one lasted 5 days . The zapper quit on both units -LRB- but the light would stay on -RRB- . Luckily I was able to return them . I will NEVER buy another Stinger/KAZ bug zapper . Total waste of time . Total waste of money .
 Stopped working after 2 weeks . Now it 's trash . Do n't waste your money on this . If possible I 'd give it 0 stars .
 Purchased the zapper last year . worked well for awhile got wet and crapped out . Dried it out and it restarted . This year it worked for the spring , and died in a rain storm . I know the directions say to turn it off during heavy rain , but who 's up a 3am to do this . Poor design ! BottomStinger UVB45 40 Watt 1-Acre Ultra Bug Zapperof grid is solid plastic which collects dead bugs and also collects moisture and rain which intern causes a short in the grid and it zaps itself out of existance .
 i have a creek right behind my 11/2 acres and we have always had bug issues . i got the stinger at bjs , worked great the first day and thats it ! it would n't come on the second day , i just returned it and i 'm getting a flowtron instead ... i 'll see if that lives up to the glowing reviews .
 Well the thing you do n't know is that `` Stinger '' will send you another brand new replacement every time it goes bad !! I 've had 5 or 6 new units ! ~ ! I 've actually lost track . You just call them up -LRB- and they already know why your calling -RRB- They 'll send you a new one as soon as they recieve the defective one . So unless you like reboxing and resending do n't bother with this bug zapper because the only thing getting zapped is your wallett for shipping charges !!!
 I bought one of these , 10 days later it was a light with no zap ! Took it back got another , less than 2 weeks same deal ! They are JUNK !!! And I see that many people have had problems with them !
 Last spring I purchased 3 of these . One year later I can now report all 3 dead , all with different problems too ! Total junk , avoid this brand .
 I have gone through 4 Stinger 1-acre zappers in 2-1/2 years . I have found that the bulbs have to be replaced about every three months and that the units burn out in less than a year -- even though I keep them cleaned out.While the company offered to replace one of the units , I determined that the time to package it up carefully and pay a substantial shipping fee makes it not worthwhile . I suspect that this , like so much schlock coming in from China , is very cheaply made . I 've gotten better longevity with their smaller , 1/2-acre units -- but those are n't so effective . When the big units work , they 're great . It 's just that they die early . I will try another brand . I have a large place with some turtle ponds , so mosquitos are a problem . I use dunks , monquito fish and zappers to keep the situation manageable . I live in California , where mosquito-borne West Nile Virus is a problem ; hence I need good protection .
 I have a 12 year old Stinger bug killer that I thought was getting too old . Unfortunately , I bought this product!First , it did not come with a ` basket ' to hold the mosquito repellent , and when I tried it out the ` lip ' near the bottom caught the dead bugs and the unit kept ` arching ' . I brought my old one out , attached the mosquito repellent and it works wonderfully!New and improved ? I THINK NOT !
 It appears the weak link in these units is the flourescent starter . Works well when it is working , but that is not very often .
 Bought 2 of these POS from Lowes , and gave one as a wedding gift . The one I kept lasted about 2 months before the bulb would n't light . Did an exchange at Lowes with no problems . The replacement unit lasted about 3 months . Unfortunately I misplaced my receipt and tossed the box . Worst part is when we asked about the one we 'd given as a wedding gift , it had only lasted about a 4 months . So I 've been stung for about $ 50 X 2 .
 Died within 1 week . Without the box I can not return . Do not buy . You are forwarned .
 Worst product of any kind that I have purchased in years ! Bought item at Home Depot a few months back and like an idiot I threw the box away . After about four days hanging in the tree the light stopped working so I figured maybe the bulb just burnt out because these things happen sometimes . I ordered a new bulb -LRB- $ 15.00 ! -RRB- but that did not solve the problem so I left it hanging in the tree non-working until I figured out what to do next . To my astonishment it could not even hang in the tree ! After about a week the case somehow decided to split apart at the top -LRB- cheap plastic -RRB- and the rest of the unit was laying on the ground with wires hanging out from the piece that remained on the tree hook -LRB- serious shock hazard !! -RRB- . You may think that I broke it changing the bulb but that absolutely was not the case . My advice is do not buy this product or you will regret it . At least that was my experience . Years ago we had the other brand that is highly recommended in this post and it lasted at least 10 years . Buy it , not this P.O.S.
 So I bought this bug zapper at Lowe 's and hung it up on a large tree . I set the zapper to to come on during the night-time hours , which is a nice feature . It took me a few days to figure out it did n't even come on ! I played around with it for awhile and determined it did not work at all . I took it back and got another one . The 2nd one turned on but would not stop sparking . According to the directions , the metal cage was too close to each other . I messed around with it for awhile and then took it back because it would not stop sparking . The 3rd one seems to work fine!Bottom line , if you find one that works , it seems to work very well ! Keep your receipt though .
 I purchased two of these from Home Depot . They both worked flawlessly for ONE night . The next night , the bulb would n't light up on one and on the other , the zapping grid was dead . Took them back to HD and got replacements . One lasted two nights then the zapping grid went dead and on the other , the bulb would not come on . -LRB- Yes , I did swap the bulbs around . The units were dead -RRB- These are excellent zappers if you only need them for one night .
 mine did n't make it past it 's first week . also I 'm not sure it worked any better than candles and/or bug spray . I plug it in and it wo n't start . home depot would n't take it back -LRB- with out receipt , i probably tossed into there trash can -RRB- even for an exchange . I 'm guessing they break alot and often . if you really like and want to fix you can buy a kit to fix them.I 'm just going to use that yard bug spray
 I bought one of these useless things at the local Lowe 's -LRB- all they sell is Stinger -RRB- , assured by the nice person working there that it was a great unit , and that the black light made a big difference in how many bugs are attracted to it . Well , atypically for me , I did n't do my research prior to buying it , and when checking online to see how badly I got overcharged , I found these reviews here at Amazon . I thought it might have been a fluke that so many people had written such bad reviews , but I must concur that these Stinger units are poorly designed . At about 7:00 pm I hung the UVB45 up on the outside corner of my fenced in area , hoping to draw the bugs away from my patio . When I plugged it in , there was an immediate , strong ZAP just as the bulb came on . I thought that it might indeed work , at least for a while . Well , that first zap was the only zap I ever heard the unit make . I thought it might take a little while to start attracting the bugs , and so I left the unit on , and went inside . I came back out around 10:15 pm , but still no zaps , just a crowd of bugs walking around on the unit , electrode grates and all . Disgusted , I left it running all night to see what it would do , and the next morning I went out to see what had happened , but no dead bugs , just a few stragglers walking around , still there from the party they had on it the night before . At that point I noticed the light was n't burning any more . After taking the unit down and putting it in a shaded area -LRB- I wanted to see if I just could n't see the `` black '' light in the sunlight -RRB- , it came back on . I checked the switch , and it was in the 24 hour position . Even that did n't work ! I switched the switch to all 3 positions , and if there was bright light present , it would n't come on , even in the `` always on '' position , unless I covered the light sensor with my hand . Needless to say I returned it to Lowe 's , and will be ordering the FlowtronFlowtron Model BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer -LRB- One Acre Coverage -RRB- from Amazon instead . It is rated quite highly here , so I hope my luck with it will be better . I would definitely recommend that people forget about the Stinger line of products , and search for something that actually works . I wish I could rate it zero stars , since nothing about it worked properly .
 I bought one of these at Home Depot 2 days ago and will return it . The light comes on , but t does n't zap bugs . The first time I plugged it in , in my kitchen , it zapped , and that was it .
 ... not on flies , anyway . The flies land everywhere on the outsides of it , on the cord suspending it , but do n't want to fly between the wires at all.If your problem is flies , get some sticky tape and a fly swatter .
 This product is not worth the price . It quit working after about 45 days , so my husband decided to check it out and found that the design was poor . The auto on board was not sealed off , which allowed moisture to enter . It is just not worth the money . Keep on looking for another brand that will hold up .
 Apparently I 'm not the only one having this problem which is a big disappointment to the manufacture of these bug lights . I bought this one in March , plugged it in and chose the `` sundown '' option where the light would turn on at dusk . I noticed it working fine ... for about two weeks . I was assuming the bulb had burned out since the power light to the unit was functioning . I bought a replacement bulb for another 20 bucks or so , replaced the bulb tonight and had no luck . I 've been a fan of the Stinger for quite a few years but this ULTRA model is apparently nothing but garbage . Yeah , it 's going to work great for a while but do n't expect it to last . Definitely NOT worth the price tag ... in this case , pricier does NOT mean `` better . ''
 I 'm on the second Stinger bug zapper.The first lasted about 6 mos ; the second about 3 mos.The manufacturer only replaces the unit once then you 're on your own.I should have paid more attention to the reviews.Buy a better unit than the Stinger brand.The reviews do n't lie - these units are poorly constructed and do n't last.They have electrical problems - probably because they are made overseas and without much in the way of `` electrical '' quality control.Once they go there 's no fixing them.They are junk ...
 I purchased this item from home depot 2 weeks ago , it worked great for 2 weeks then 1 day just no zapping anymore , I am in luck it is under 30 days for a full refund at home depot , do not buy this product at all , read more posts there is no reason for any well made product to be this much of a piece of junk .
 I do n't typically write reviews , but , when I saw the others , I felt a responsibility to do what I could to warn others . I actually already owned one of these zappers -LRB- I purchased the indoor/outdoor combination from Costco -RRB- , but I `` thought '' I needed a new bulb , which is why I was checking Amazon out . After a month or two , the solar sensor did not work anymore , causing the unit to stay on 24 hours a day . I did n't mind that much , since I had a timer for this anyway . Now the light , I thought , burned out . After reading the other reviews , I 'm not going to invest any time and money in a light bulb to see if it that is even the problem . I also found a huge issue with the bugs not falling out of the grates , so I would spend several days a week using compressed air to dislodge them ... into my hair and clothes ! I appreciate reading reviews from others and we always find it helpful to do so . Like another poster , I , too , feel that a Flowtron is a much better purchase ... the bulbs lasted for a long time , there was NO issue of the grates being stuffed with dead insects and it was durable . That 's where I 'm turning to next .
 This is a very bad bug zapper . Although it worked fine for a week , it the proceded to die . This happened with TWO new units . No rain , no bad weather , just a piece of junk .
 this is my third and last one of these , all three have failed within a year or less , all three failed because of the florescent starter . i have three good black light bulbs if you need one ?
 I purchased two of these units last season and low and behold , this season as of two days ago , one of the units stopped working . Like everyone else in these reviews , I tried to replace the bulb but to my surprise that did n't work . The reviews are right these units are junk and do n't hold up . I 'm waiting for the second unit to stop working . I guess its simply a matter of time . I was tempted to go buy / exchange this unit for another Stinger but after all these reviews not a snowball chance in hell . I 'm looking for another brand perhaps a Flowtron .
 seemed to go through bulbs about every other month it totally died less then 2 years old I threw it in the trash.apparently the starter/circuitry for bulb is also linked to grid voltage , if bulb is burnt out there is no grid voltage zapping moths/large bugs had the fluorescence black light pulsing with the zaps . IMO very POOR electronics circuitry design !
 I purchased one of these last spring and it worked great for about a month , then the daylight sensor failed . I returned the unit for replacment under warranty -LRB- shipping , $ 35.00 , at my expense -RRB- . some time late in the fall a replacment unit arived.This spring I put the replacement unit out in the garden , and it worked for about two weeks . Now the power light is on , but the UV bulb is not lighting and there is no power on the grid.I called KAZ Canada and all they can offer is another exchange under warranty with the shipping at my expense again . it seems to me that the problem is with their product , therefore they should cover the cost of shipping the defective product back.I am disappointed with the quality of the product and the poor service from KAZ.I wish I had read on-line reviews before purchasing this lamp .
 Bought one of these , and it worked great for a month or less . Bulb went out , so I ordered a few replacement lamps to get a quantity discount . The unit stopped working a week or two after the new lamp was installed . I called , and they had me return the unit to them for repair or replacement . The new one arrived after a long wait , and also failed within weeks . Now , I 'm stuck with the replacement lamps and a non-functioning unit . I 'll use the lamps in a modified unit from a different manufacturer . Frankly , I do n't understand why the make these lousy units year after year , and never bother to make them worth buying ?
 Stinger is a big POS chep made not like the old ones . my old one lasted 20 years . bought one last year worked for a week . took it back lowes they replaced it . for one lasted a month this are Pile of s *** .
 have had three of these things , not one has made it an entire year . if its not electrical its cheap plastic . whish i could post video on here , i have cameras on my house and caught video of this thing falling apart with no wind and exposing live electrical wires . do not buy !
 The first one I got at Lowe 's lasted for 2 years , but now I have bought 4 of these in 1 year and everyone worked great for a short time , but then they stop working , no light , no grid , even sent one back to KAZ and got a very quick warranty replacement however it only lasted 1 week . I now have a stack of 4 that do not work , do n't waste the money . Going to try a Flowtron BK-40D this time
 Do n't buy . Kills only a couple of bugs a day.My house was infested with flies due to a heavy rain season and built up trash . I put this up and it attracts SOME flies and they fly around the light and get stuck in the product . This thing will kill a majority of the flys by them just hanging around in it , not by zapping them . There is a light that draws them in and 2 , yes 2 , small wires that the bug has to walk across to get fried . I witnessed a few flies get zapped and fly away ... my house remains infested and the zapped remains filled with flies that come and go as they please . So glad I bought this neat fly clubhouse for my house ; they 're loving it . I 'll be returning it this week .
 Purchased from walmart . Hung that night . Worked great for a few hours . By morning , would not come on ... even with so , ar sensor fixed to on at all times . Called company . They said it was a dud and to return it . Purchased a flowtron and can honestly say I have noticed a rapid decline in mosquito bites ! Probably a 90 % reduction . Please , buy a flowtron !!! I was n't expecting much of an improvement since these are not really geared to kill mosquitoes despite the advertising , but flowtron is great ! And , they sell factory refurbs on the website !
 Purchased this unit at Home Depot last night . I set the unit up and watched for awhile how effective it works . To my amazement , very few bugs actually died after flying into the unit and hitting the electrified grid . 1 out of 4 died , while the remaining 3 were merely stunned , flying away again a mere 30 seconds later . This unit will be going back to the retailer first thing tomorrow . Dont waste your time with this inferior product .
 I wish I had come to Amazon and read the reviews FIRST before wasting my gas buying this zapper . I bought it at our local Lowe 's . Of course they raved about the black light being the best thing ever . I had never owned a zapper with a black light before . I brought it home , within min . the bulb lit up , I thought great , it was so pretty . After 3 days , it stopped . I went out to make sure there was still power to the outlet , that was n't it . This was the `` all the time '' mode I kept it on . I went to take it off the hanger I had it on , and the light came on . I found out it worked very well upside down . Took it back , get a replacement , same thing . This time it would n't even come on unless you put it upside down . Called the 800 number and they say , oh , it must be a light sensor problem . Duh , do you think so ? Something is sure wrong . Actually it acted more like the bulb itself was n't seated properly . If you pushed it up and held it , the light would come on , as soon as you let go , it went off . But anyway , I took it back and have now ordered a Flowtron which I should have from the beginning . I should know by now if the unit you had you liked and it worked great , get it again . The only problem with my old Flowtron was , it got old.By the way , had to give it one star because Amazon wo n't let you not give an item nothing .
 I bought this Stinger even after reading the reviews because no store sold the Flowtron in my town . I was hoping for the best but after using it for two days I returned and ordered the Flowtron . When we first plugged it in and everytime after - it started sparking and making alot of noise . After that stopped it did do a good job killing the mosquitos . The sundown switch sounds like a good idea but that did n't work right on this machine either . I just figured I would cut my losses while I still had a chance to return it .
 I plugged the unit in and it came on fine . It zapped one bug and never worked again . The light comes on and goes off just fine , but it has n't killed another bug . I brought it in to see if I could find a shorted fuse or wire , but it has no user serviceable parts . I intend on buying a Flowtron after reading the other bad reviews . This particular Stinger was purchased at Lowe 's Hardware as a gift . I do n't think one bug is worth $ 60.00 . I intend on trying to get Honeywell -- or whoever the manufacturer is -- to replace it or give me a part and a service manual . I can take a ventilator apart and put it back together , so this item should be a snap ! Think they 'll do it ? Doubtful !
 I purchased the stinger in June to try and knock down the mosquitos in my back yard . I live in Orlando , Florida , and they are pretty fierce . We also get a lot of rain in the summer . Product worked for three of four days , and worked well for that time . I stopped hearing pops in less than one week . Upon examining the unit , I noticed that the bottom wire of the zapper was melted through . What is the point of having a mosquito lamp that ca n't take the elements ? This thing was a complete waste of money . It is disconcerting that a company would put out a product that failed so quickly . Based upon the other negative reviews , they clearly know they have an issue and continue to put put garbage . Do not buy anything from this company . If I could give it less than no stars , I would .
 I will start off by stating I purchased this bug zapper through my local home improvement store just because I wanted to pick it up same day . This Stinger bug zapper worked well for about 3 nights then it failed . The unit lit up UV to attract bugs but the zapper portion of the unit did not work anymore . I returned it to the store and immediately ordered the Flowtron BK-80D which is SUPURB -LRB- first time I can turn on my porch light and there are no bugs or moths flying towards my porch light -LRB- after 30 mins still no bugs near porch -RRB- . Do not buy any Stinger bug zappers unless you plan on returning it as quick as you bought it . Flowtron has been making bug zappers since the 80 's I would trust them more than any other bug zapper manufacturer .
 I have owned two of these units , both of which quit working in less than a year . While it works , it does a fine job of killing bugs , but it must be cleaned very frequently or the grids will short circuit with dead bugs . Not to worry though , you wo n't have to deal with cleaning it after it stops working ! It 's a shame that KAZ -LRB- Stinger brand -RRB- makes and markets such a piece of crap . I will do MY part to help put them out of business . The name KAZ and STINGER are burned into my brain and I 'll be sure to never purchase any of their products again . Please , do the same and use your money more wisely than I did .
 Sounds repetitive , but it 's true
 If I could give no stars I would . We recieved this as a gift . NEVER give this as a gift . The company terminates all warranty when given as a gift . When we opened the pool there was missing pieces which the company refused to replace . The inflatable ring has a leak , so there is no way to fill the pool . It is impossible to level the ground . They claim to have high quality control , but they refuse to fix any problems . Beware of this company .
 This should be the Intex set and reset and set again pool . I 'm not sure what 's wrong but after a couple of weeks the pool just suddenly loses a foot or more of water . It also seems to `` roll '' toward the pump filter as if the hoses were dragging it down . Our site is almost perfectly laser site level on super hard clay . No grass only 2 inches of premium sand . I spent 2 weeks carefully leveling the site and it still slowly rolls then collapses . Of course it still has a massive amount of water but I have no choice but to finish draining it and set it back up . This pool is pretty tough never had a leak except for the mysterious collapses . I think I 've spent more time screwing around setting and resetting the pool than I have swimming .
 My problem with this pool is that the pump is a piece of junk . It is NOT strong enough to circulate the water properly . If you go away for a few days and come back and your water is green or cloudy , it will cost you a fortune trying to get the water clear , if you ever do . The filter catridge has to be cleaned or replaced far too often . Keeping this pool clean is a way more expensive and time consuming job than a more expensive `` real '' above ground pool . I would venture in the long run , this pool ends up costimg more than a `` real pool '' .
 I do n't know what all you guys are raving about ... Although if all moons are aligned , this is an excellent pool , however -LRB- and i mean HOWEVER -RRB- , i have had a lot of problems ... 1 -RRB- The leveling thing was HORRIBLE . It took me 3 tries to get the darn thing right . After that , everything went great for a couple of weeks ... 2 -RRB- I have had to replace this pool 2 times due to leaks ... the first one occured on the side of the pool -LRB- i imagined that our gardner did it with his lawn mower and a ricochet of a rock -RRB- ... however , the second one still has me still thinking ... 3 -RRB- Every single post here failed to include a MAJOR PROBLEM when putting this pool . Everyone has had this problem ... if you have n't its because you either are on a concrete floor or did something to prevent the WEEDS ... My second leak i figured has to do with weeds ... i even put something under the liner -LRB- and put roundup to kill the weeds -RRB- and still had weeds growing through ... My opinion , its a great product for people that can put it on CONCRETE ... otherwise , i would n't even buy it ...
 These pools are only as good as the top ring . When -LRB- and it is inevitable -RRB- the top ring starts leaking air , the end is soon . My pool , in its second year , started getting black spots in the upper ring . Those black spots lost their elasicity and started cracking , and then started leaking . Pool is unusable at end of second season .
 this pool was nothing but trouble from the day we purchased it . The pump broke with in a week , within a month the pool liner ripped . We took back for full refund .
 Young kids love it . Once we had a level site -LRB- very important -RRB- the pool was setup rather quickly . The longest time was really filling it with water . We used it less than ten times . Then the next morning the pool was completely flat and empty . It turns out the a seem between the pool bottom and side liners burst . You could see the stitching pulled apart for about a foot . The Customer Service was terrible and enlightening . Apparently they were not surprised that the seam had burst . They did n't require any explanation or confirmation that we had n't caused the problem . And , they could n't refund us any money or send us a new pool because of high replacement demand . The pool burst in July . I called the Customer Support line every two - three weeks as instructed to see whether any new shipments had arrived . Each time I was given a similar response that in the next week or two a shipment was scheduled to arrive . I did eventually get the new pool ; in October . The whole summer was lost ; and I 'm not confident that the new batch wo n't encounter the same quality issue as the first .
 Terrible instructions . Easy Set ... if the ground is PERFECTLY level it will be easy . Do n't think your ground is level trust me it 's not level enough for this pool . 4 weekends wasted . leveled the yard within 1/4 '' or better and it spills over into the neighbors yard . Save your money.Warning
 I had this pool for 2 years and had nothing but problems with it . The pump is a total joke . My son hardly got to swim in it because I was always having to put chemicals in it . I had to empty the pool out and fill it up again 2 times during the summer , because I could n't get it clean . Intex needs to up-grade the pump .
 This is not really a swimming pool , but an overgrown splash pool . But , if you have young kids , hot weather , and do n't have many , many thousands of dollars laying around to invest in a real swimming pool , It seems like a promisingly cool toy to have ; however , with all the maintenance this thing has been , I 'm still waiting for the `` fun '' part to kick in ... Can I give it zero stars for `` how much trouble is this toy ? `` Mine is the 15 ' diameter by -LRB- nominal -RRB- 42 '' depth , and came in a set with ladder , cover , ground cloth , pump with two filter cartridges , and skimmer/vacuum set.THE BAD : WARNING 1
 Hi . I bought this pool because my kids were insisting for it . At first it was a big liki mama but then afterwards it became a small faloooooooooooo mama ... . i told my kids bane pilons boor sa dan zot face and they really liked it ...
 Pool only last for a few months then had a hole in inflatable top making it useless . Will not buy another one and due to only having a 90 day warrenty I am stuck with it . Off to the dump to toss 200.00 .
 Got this pool for our kids and grandkids . Very disappointed . FIrst off the pump did not work when we set up the pool . After several 1 hour or longer phone calls to Cust . Service we finally got a new pump 3 weeks after the pool was filled . Finally get to use the pool . But only for 6 weeks because now it is time to take it down . Taking it down , we find the entire bottom of the pool to be full of pin holes . Water is seeping out . Called Cust . Service . They will not stand by their product because we did not buy the extended warranty . We did n't even know one wa available . But I would think their product should last more than 6 weeks of use . SAVE YOUR MONEY ! DO NOT BUY THIS POOL !
 Bought an EasySet 48 `` x15 ' pool last fall . Pool liner leaked at setup/fill . It took several weeks to get warranty info & approval for a replacement pool liner . Received replacement pool liner just before Thanksgiving , and as it was too cold to use pool , I waited until spring to setup/fill the replcement pool liner . GUESS WHAT ? The replacement pool liner leaked twice as bad as the original pool liner . Further contact with INTEX about the second leaking pool liner , and their position is that `` it is beyond the 90 days from the original purchase date , therefore there is no longer a warranty ! `` JUST GREAT !! I have received two defective pool liners , and in my opinion INTEX has NOT followed the `` MAGNUSON-MOSS Federal Warranty Act '' retail warranty provisions.The pool concept is great , and I encountered no problems during setup -LRB- other then the leaky pool liners -RRB- . I expect to get maybe two years use out of this defective pool kit , so it not all a waste . I just keep adding water to the pool !
 After looking at a number of pools , we chose this one because of what appeared to be ease of set-up , enjoyment and durability . I read all of the reviews and started out mindful of the warning about level ground . I had no idea how TRUE that warning was . What appeared to be absolutely level too us , when filling the pool turned out to be unlevel . We are refilling now for the 3rd time . I wish I had gotten a steel wall or professional ground prep.This is so very disappointing to my family . I can agree with some of the reviewers , about tha `` 15-30 minute ring set-up , and fill with water '' . Whazzat ???? Never again ! Hello professional pool builders !
 My husband and I purchased this pool last June 2004 . It was great the first season . Second season started out fine until the big heat wave of 100 degree plus weather . We were planning to get out into the pool with the kids one hot summer evening in July 2005 when we heard a loud rumble and what sounded like an explosion . I looked outside to see what it was . The pool completely ripped at all seams due to the extreme heat . All flotation devices were washed over to the fence with the rushing water . If you are wondering about the level of the pool here is the information
 There should be a law against being allowed make such junk . It collapsed within seconds of everyone getting in it for the first time . After getting it absolutely level , setting it up again and filled it up , it was n't 42 '' like the box stated . I measured from the floor to the very top of the water and it measured 23 '' . It was filled all the way and level . Who can swim in 23 inches of water ? Also the filter is junk , it 's made cheap and ca n't clean well . Look at the picture on the box and you can tell the adults are sitting and the children are on their knees in the pool . It 's a total advertising gimmick . Obviously , the company ca n't keep their numbers straight . When they said 42 '' they must have meant 24 '' . The kids got to play in it a total of 1 hour . It cost me nearly $ 300 for them to swim for that hour . Do n't waste you time or money on this junk .
 What a piece of garbage . I had a regular above ground pool for eight years . When it broke we got this pool . What a mistake . It was never level and because the pool angles in , algae was always growing . The pool is disgusting . I tried vacuuming it and using shock , but it was never clean like my other one . It took us at least five times to get it level , and my husband is an engineer ! I will get rid of this pool and get a new regular above ground pool next year . Do n't waste your money-its not fun . Even my five year old refused to go in and he loves the water .
 We only have had this pool for one season -LRB- purchased in the middle of the summer in 2010 -RRB- . There is a factory defect and the company will not cover it . I will NEVER purchase any product form INTEX , they do not back there product that they sell !! Not worth your money if you plan on using often with the family . Cause any damage is not covered by company and your money is gone .
 This pool is ok but i would buy a metal pool . This pool is not very strong . I would tell you buyers to get a metal pool over this one ! I have had this pool for a week and i hate it i would perfer a metal one which i am going to get soon . I have only been in it 3 times , Because we always have to clean it , But it 's ok if you want to waste your money !
 This pool was so boring ! It tool about 2 hours to fill but after it was filled , the wall started to cave out ! Then , after we were swimming for about 11/2 hours , we had to go to bed . The next morning , the whole wall fell down and all the water was gone !
 We purchased this Intex 15 X 42 pool and it 's NOT what the box shows by any stretch of the imagination . We filled it up and it was supposed to have 3 feet of water , but barely had a foot and a half . After several struggles I found myself taking it back for store credit and going with a completely different pool . This was a waste of time , energy and resources . Do n't bother !
 I WAS SO EXCITED WHEN WE BOUGHT THE POOL.WE SET IT UP AFTER VIEWING THE VIDEO FOLLOWED INSTRUCTIONS TOOK HRS TO FILL.WE 'VE HAD THE POOL FOR ONLY 2 WEEKS WHEN THE DAMN THING EXPLODED IN OUR BACKYARD ALL WE HEARD WAS AS IF WE WERE AT THE OCEAN.NOW OUR YARD LOOKS LIKE A TYPHOON HIT IT . ANYWAYS I DO N'T RECOMMEND ANY ONE PURCHASING THIS PRODUCT . WE WERE GETTING READY TO GO SWIMMING WHEN IT CAME APART I 'M JUST GLAD NO ONE WAS IN THE POOL AT THE TIME.IF YOU WERE TO SEE MY YARD YOU 'D UNDERSTAND .
 I hate to say it but if you buy this , you will regret it . This is our second season with this pool and I just hate it ! Here are just some of the problems : It is NOT EASY to set up . The vinyl pool is very heavy and awkward . With two athletic adults -LRB- one male , on female -RRB- , it takes about an hour to unfold , spread out , and arrange the pool so that it is ready to be filled . It is not ready in fifteen minutes.The vinyl bottom must be absolutely smooth before filling with water . The water will not be able to stretch out the wrinkles as the pool fills . It 's also nearly impossible to smooth it out with the inch of water recommended . Very frustrating.You need to invest in a small motorized pump to inflate ring . A foot pump just is n't going to cut it . Add twenty dollars to the cost of pool.The manufacturer is n't kidding when they say your ground should be level . It MUST be level . We chose the most level part of our yard and we spent the money to add more dirt to ensure it was level . This added 200.00 dollars to price of the pool . Within two weeks , the pool still managed to settle and then leaned , emptying out about a foot of water on one side , washing away some of the dirt we built up . We packed that side back up with more dirt . ADD another 50 dollars to the price of the pool.The `` patented inflatable ring '' is a joke . Before the end of the first season , the inflatable ring deflated . We could never find the leak and decided to inflate it every two days instead . Grrr.Pool cover will not stay on unless ring is inflated . ARGG!The `` A '' type filters used in the pump are not easy to find so you are advised to purchase them online before you set up your pool . The `` Pool Maintenance kit '' AKA pool vacuum is also very difficult to locate . You 'll have to get it online -LRB- another $ 25 dollars ! -RRB- . Annoying!The skimmer sticks out into the pool and is easily knocked about by children playing in the water . This is also painful and then you end up with crying wet children . OY!Our kids loved the pool , so even though my husband and I hated it , we decided we would give it one more year . This second year , we built up the yard again . Another 200 dollars . We filled it up again . The ring is still deflating , we still ca n't find the leak . Blah , blah , blah . And strangest of all , now that it 's filled it looks like the vinyl stretched out from last year . So , now the pool looks like an overfilled pumpkin instead of the picture on the box . It 's really weird.So , if your yard is not perfectly level , spend the extra money and get a real above ground pool . This is NOT a cheap choice by any means . I would n't do it again .
 I came to this site today to check the prices on the swimming pools . We purchased the big one last summer for the $ 250.00 and the ring keeps leaking air and needs filling daily . I was just going to purchase a new pool this year because , I figured it was something we must have done to cause it although we are not rough in the pool and we used the ladder to get in and out . I am seeing now that others have had this problem as well and not long after purchasing it just like we experienced . Im beginning to wonder if its a quality product or not .
 I purchased this pool the end of May 2004 and it was n't as easy to set up as they lead you to believe . But I did finally get it up and running . My family enjoyed it until the beginning of August when the seam that 's attacted from the side to the bottom busted . 3,000 gallons of water everywhere . What a mess that was to clean up ! Fortunately I was able to return it for a refund . Apparently the store had heard of this happening before . I think it must be a flaw in this type of pool . I 'm sure there are alot out there that have been up and running with no problems for a long time . But I just wanted people to know that this could happen to you too .
 first note
 After one season of use the vinyl air ring developed numerous pinhole-size leaks that could not be repaired . As soon as I fixed one hole another one was created somewhere else as the vinyl slowly deteriorated in the sun . The customer `` service '' section at InTex was not at all helpful . All they could offer was to sell me more ineffective patches . They had no other solution and actually stated that the deteriorating vinyl was MY fault because I used their pool in Texas . I strongly advise against buying one of these pools if you intend to use it anywhere the sun shines .
 The `` Easy Set '' Intex pool is the furthest thing from easy I have ever seen . We had the 18x48 inch version . It leaks and the ladder is only good if you ` rea child . Who lets their child swim in a pool alone ? It took days to drain it . There is no way it would ever fit back in the box . I returned mine to the store and could n't be happier to see it go .
 purchased pool in 08/05 , after season stored unit in clean plastic & placed in heated basement of my home . unit devoleped leaks afted 2 weeks of use in spring of 06 . please do not purchase pool store or company will not stand behind product
 I purchased this pool 5/29/04 and it was up for approximately four months . The pool itself was great while it lasted . We had to replace the water transfer hose on the filter housing within one month of use , the inflatable ring started to deflate by the middle of the fourth month . We followed all the manufacturers directions to the ninth degree when getting the pool ready again this season . Checked the water transfer hose on the filter and the replacement they had sent had not only one crack , but three , this after only one month of use . We ended up using a filter hose from a tractor while waiting for yet another replacement . Oh , and now it looks as if the seam is leaking along the inflatable ring , which we find out is not covered under warranty on these pools . I spent close to $ 400 for this set-up , had I known it would n't last one season let alone two , I certainly would n't of spent that kind of money on it . I would n't recommend buying this pool at all , spend your money on a frame set pool !!!!! Very , Very disappointing purchase !
 Like others here I bought the Easy Set pool from Intex because of limited space and dollars , and I thought if I got 3 or 4 years out of it that I would be satisfied . Setup was easy as could be , I did n't level the ground but I should have . Still I could fill it up to the top ring and it was n't off more that a couple of inches . Bought all required chemicals , test strips , etc. , balanced the water and shocked it every week , ran the pump at least 4 hours a day , cleaned the filter once per week.Pool water still turned green from algae , so contrary to directions I bought a vaccum attachment and hose and used the pump to vaccum . Found out filter would not catch the algae , so I would vaccum water out in the yard wasting 25 to 40 % of the pool water each time . Then after 1 month the top ring starting a slow leak , then after 2 months the seams started splitting and leaking near the bottom of the pool.This pool was a complete waste of time and money .
 This pool was nothing but trouble for me and my family.We had the ground professionally leveled and then it still would n't stand up right . It would get about half full and then it would fall right down to the ground.This is n't a good product to me.I took it back and got my refund . Make sure you keep your receipt if you buy this product.We took all the right precautions but it still did n't work right . I do n't really know what was wrong with it ... but I Know that it was n't our fault that it kept falling down to the ground.And the pump to the pool was horrible as well ... It would n't even filter the water correctly . . The water was nasty because the pump was not doing it 's job . Think about it before you buy this pool .
 I generally find that there are a small percentage of negative reviews for even the best products . I read the negative reviews on this pool with that in mind . Was I wrong ! There is a reason this pool is so inexpensive and that is because the accessories are of extremely poor quality . If you are willing to spend an extra $ 300 for an after-market pump and filter , then you might like this pool . Otherwise forget keeping it clean enough to swim in.The pool itself is actually pretty well made . I was afraid my dog might puncture it but the sides are very tough . If you get a leak in the ring , however , the patches work fine , IF you can find the hole . The biggest problem though is that you will spend all of your time trying to keep the pool clean because the pump is too weak to adequately circulate the water or run the vacuum . It 's also practically impossible to keep air from getting into the pump which further depresses the pressure and hastens the death of the pump.The skimmer actually works IF you can keep it adjusted so air does n't get in , which is also very difficult . So if anything gets into the pool and sinks to the bottom , not only ca n't you get it out , you will also have to constantly add lots of extra chlorine to replace what is used up trying to kill everything in the pool . Forget putting the cover on to keep stuff out unless there 's someone else around to help you AND the cover has n't yet shredded.To add insult to injury , in short order the pump impeller will self-destruct , rendering the pump and filter completely useless . Intex knows this is a problem but they refuse to supply replacement parts , instead expecting you to buy a whole new pump that will shortly die too . Forget about the `` improved '' 635 pump as it has the same problem.So remember , you get what you pay for and there 's no such thing as a free lunch . Intex 's business model is apparently `` there 's a sucker born every minute . '' Do a search on Intex 635 pump and you will discover how many people wish they 'd never bought this pool . Then check the Better Business Bureau to see Intex 's F rating .
 I bought this pool because it was the largest inflated above ground pool and SUPPOSIVELY , it was easy to setup . That was wrong ! For starters , it advertises as `` no tools needed . '' Wrong ! I was upset to find that it did not include an air pump to inflate the pool ring , so count on spending more money for that if you do not have one -LRB- and a bicycle pump will take you forever ... so plan on purchasing a more commercial air compressor -RRB- . Also , a screw driver is absolutely necessary to tighten the brackets for the hoses . Another thing wrong is that it advertises that this pool can be setup in 30 minutes ... wrong ! Plan on a full day ... and that 's if you are lucky and have lots of help ... I am personally still having problems setting mine up due to the pool ring leaking and the hose gaskets leaking water . I am disappointed in this pool ... would not have purchased it if I known the difficulty , etc. . For a little more , get a professional above ground installed .
 I 'm surprised that no one else has had a problem with holes ! It 's a little hard to locate a hole in the top of a swimming pool . If you try to put it under water , all of the water comes out . You could walk around with a spray bottle , but that 's like finding a needle in a haystack ! I spent $ 100.00 on one of these pools and had to throw it away at the end of the summer . Also , no one has mentioned anything about rain . Several times our pool would fill up so high that ALL of the water would overflow onto the ground . This would n't happen with a metal pool . It seems like these `` Easy Pool Sets '' are taking over all of the stores , and it 's almost impossible to find a metal pool , unless you want to spend $ 1,000.00 or more !
 I had read the `` bad '' reviews of these pools before purchasing one . I decided to see for myself . That was a $ 300 mistake . Anyone saying that the support from the company is anything but a joke ca n't be telling the truth . The pumps are so under powered for the size it is n't even funny . I have had experience with regular above ground pools , so I understand the work that can go into keeping a pool up . I could go on and on about this , but please take this advice , DO N'T BUY ONE OF THESE POOLS !! They are a bigger pain than they are worth . I live in the upper midwest , so those in areas that have more all season warmth may have some different results .
 We purchased this pool last summer and had a wonderful time all season . We packed the pool away in our heated storage room for the winter and just brought it out again yesterday . First , there was a rather large hole in the inflatable ring . It looked like it was due to sun damage . Still , no big deal . We patched it with the repair kit and filled the pool . This morning , we woke up to discover that one of the seams had come apart and we had a steady stream of water coming out the side of the pool . When we called Intex to ask about possible repairs , we were told that the seams are not patchable and that we 're basically out of luck.I would never have spent $ 400 on the pool if I had known it would only last one summer . Instead , I would have purchased a sturdier -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- soft sided pool that had a better warranty . Of course , Intex `` kindly '' pointed out that we can purchase a new liner for a mere $ 299 . I think not .
 This company has a list of complaints on the BBB . This pool has cost me hundreds of dollars in water bills , and headaches due to leaks and cheap motors that consume tons of electricity . This year , I had it up 1 week , and already lost 2000 gals of water due to defective plunger vales . The list goes on . Beware ... Disregard the hype . Review the BBB instead .
 I have 3 children 7,4 , & 1 and bought this pool to teach the kids how to swim & it 's enjoyable for adults too . You have to watch the little ones because they can climb on anything and fall in very easily !!!! Setting up this pool is horrible . You need to set it up perfectly or it will slant causing water to gush out over the side !! We 've used the pool with no problems for about 3 weeks and then the water turned green . The filter is awful . We have used a ton of chemicals , ran the filter all day , vacuume constantly and eventually we had to drain about 3,000 gallons of water and fill it up again . One time my 4 yr old leaned on the side and the whole side collapsed and he fell out along with 2,000 gallons of water . The parts wear easily & need to be replaced too ! It 's a hassle & a money sucker !!
 This is our second run through with this product . After buying and filling the pool twice , both times it had leaks .
 I bought this pool due to it 's size and advertised ease of setup . In contrast , it is anything but easy to setup . The instructions are vague and minimal . Also , it is implied that everything you need is in this set ... but be warned that I was shocked to find that an air pump was not included . Thus original installation of the pool was delayed -LRB- we could inflate the ring -RRB- , until I ran to a nearby store and spent 40 additional dollars on one -RRB- . It is suggested on the box that this pool can be setup in 30 minutes ... it has taken us days to install it and the pool is still leaking around the filter pump . It does not suggest long-term outdoor exposure , so winterizing it for storage will not be easy . I fear that the filter pump is fragile and does not do well when exposed to outdoor climates . If I had known this pool was so difficult , I would have avoided it .
 I thought this pool was a great alternative to putting in a big pool . However , we ca n't find filters anywhere for this bigger size pool . -LRB- ... -RRB- I had to order them from another online company and still do n't have them . The vacuum system is a joke . It does pick up little solid debris from the floor , but it does nothing for pollens , algaes , and those sorts of things . The filter bag just pushes those things right back through . I went to the pool store to buy a real vacuum only to find that you ca n't hook one up with this kind of filter . I like the idea of the pool and it was exceedingly easy to set up , however I 'm not sure if we 'll be able to continue using it if we ca n't buy filters or get it clean .
 As the previous reviewer pointed out , these will not hold well if used as a tee for three 1/4 '' vinyl tubes . The middle -LRB- pointed -RRB- end will pop off and you 'll end up with water everywhere but where you wanted it .
 Installed this pump in my small fountain.The pumps runs and pumps backwards , I triedpriming the pump , it is a real piece of crap.wasted my money . Do n't waste yours !
 UPDATE
 I 've used Miracle-Gro feeders and fertilizers for over a decade , but the quality of their feeder units has plummeted in recent years . Today I drew a line at the level of the liquid , `` fed '' my gardens for 20 minutes -- the liquid had not moved . Piece of junk . Looking for another feeder , another fertilizer , another company .
 The Miracle Grow Liquifieed Starter Kit is a disgrace for the Miracle Grow brand . It is top heavy , poorly constructed , has a cheap plastic connector that strips immediately . I was incensed with the design and the way it worked . I feel like the brand I have trusted for years has let me down . They wo n't fool me again . I cant wait to tell my friends about this so that they will avoid the frustation .
 Lasted through 11/2 bottles , then started severly leaking . No way to use.Purchased for simplicity , big mistake , it 's really no problem to mix the granular stuff in watering can.Miracle-gro has lost a long-time customer . I will be buying anything else from now on -LRB- Better-gro , Lilly Miller , Jobes -RRB- . If I ca n't trust MiracleGro -LRB- Scotts -RRB- sprayer , why should I trust their fertilizer ?
 I 'm not the first to complain about the leaking . This is not an expensive device , but it amazes me they do n't test , re-engineer this thing . Last year , I complained to Miracle Grow/Scotts about that problem . A nice lady told me it was because I was using Quick Connect Hose connectors that required double washers . She actually mailed me 2 washers and $ 12 worth of Miracle Grow coupons . So ... like a dummy , I did purchase another 4 pack of the refills with my coupons . -LRB- Luckily , I used he rest of my money on the Blue solid Miracle Grow I 've used for years -RRB- . Well , the double washers helped ... for about 3 minutes , then started douching me again . Even if you were wearing a raincoat it would not help . When you water hanging plants , it runs down your armpit , side , pants and into your shoes . Luckily , I only have one refill left . I 'll throw the sprayer in the garbage and not be tempted again . I also agree about the mentioned economics of the thing . The refills are like expensive captive razor blades . Except in this case the `` Razor '' is so bad that the blades/refills are worthless . One other thing to be aware of ... if you have any left over the winter , you must bring it to a warm area or the liquid will freeze . Not a problem with the solids.Also ... I tried to use this without Quick Connect hose ends . Nada ... same problem .
 This review applies to ALL Miracle-Gro brand fertilizer-feeders , includingMiracle-Gro 100410 Lawn and Garden FeederMiracle-Gro 101411 LiquaFeed Starter KitMiracle-Gro 101411 LiquaFeed All Purpose Plant Feeding SystemandMiracle-Gro 100511 LiquaFeed Advance Starter KitI totally agree with ALL of you who have posted on the `` rip-off '' index of these products . My `` other half '' bought these one of each type at local home improvement warehouse on two different occasions thinking how easy it would be to use . She did not realize how EXPENSIVE it would be for the LiquaFeed Kits , it just looked EASY . Not only are the refill cartridges costly , the things LEAK , do n't dispense evenly and is basically garbage ! -LRB- Maybe she has learned on 2nd time around , then again ... -RRB- Miracle-Gro bulk granular water soluble fertilizers of various types are great ! I have never burned any plants with them -LRB- see note below -RRB- and have healthy excellent looking flowers , plants and few veggies . But Miracle-Gro equipment is JUNK , including this item and Miracle Gro Lawn & Garden Feeder Miracle-Gro 100410 Lawn and Garden Feeder . They are made of BRITTLE plastic , as I stated LEAK , do not mix & dispense fertilizer well , and break easily.AVOID these products . -LRB- NOTE
 Like many of the other reviewers I have encountered problems with the device in terms of it actually being able to suck the fertilizer liquid into the water stream . I will say that it seemed to work fine for several months . Then I began encountering intermittent difficulties . And now after 6 months or so does n't seem to work at all . Seems to make more sense to throw down the granules instead .
 This is a sorry excuse for product to be sold to the public . It is even more disturbing that reponsible vendors sell this product . Home Depot and Lowe 's lead the pack . The design is okay but the materials used and construction is deficient . `` Gardener in Austin , Texas .
 This review is for the LiquaFeed system only . Miracle Gro is a very good garden fertilizer . However , this applicator is a gadget designed to keep you buying `` the system '' at super premium prices.My applicator was inconsistent and I think its somewhat unwieldy . I set the dial to feed and used it on my lawn for over 1/2 hour and the bottle is still 2/3 full of fertilizer . The first couple of ounces flow out fast , then it stops . Who knows what the application rate is ? I fooled with it for a long time trying to get it to work right.Look carefully at the cost of this thing and ask yourself if its worth that much to avoid scooping a couple teaspoons of powder into a watering can . For me the `` old '' way is still much better -- its far cheaper and I know exactly how much fertilizer is going onto my garden .
 I 'm actually `` Dad of Two . '' I 'm hijacking my wife 's account to write this review . . I just tried the Miracle Grow Liquifeed for the first time . It has two major problems :1 . It is awkward and unwieldy2 . Mine leaked like a sieve1 . You ca n't deny that the thing is tougher to handle then it should be . It 's large ... much larger than previous versions . This makes it harder to maneuver . It 's also somewhat heavier than it ought to be . The thing is just not nimble and easy to use ... and is n't that the whole reason you want the thing ? To make feeding easier and more convenient ? 2 . Mine leaked . I know I connected it properly , so there was no human error involved . Water poured out of the joint between the the green piece that connects the feeder to the hose and the yellow handle . Miracle Grow soaked my feet until my sneaker squished . When I tried to feed overhead hanging plants , Miracle Grow cascaded down my arm , soaking my shirt . Finally I gave up leaving about 20 % of my garden unfed . Now I 'm sitting here writing this review with soaking socks . My Miracle Growed sneakers are drying in the sun . I 'm going to shower my Miracle Growed body . Then I 'm going to do laundry to wash my Miracle Growed clothes . So much for convenience.When you feed your plants , you always end up with a calm , serene feeling , as if you 've accomplished something and invested in your future enjoyment . I felt that way too ... after I finished , I tossed this thing right in the garbage .
 Before you buy this , be aware that you can only use this with their overpriced refill bottles -LRB- and be sure to figure out how many of those expensive bottles you 'll go through watering your flowers every week all summer -- the true cost of this product is ridiculous -RRB- . This is the same stuff you buy in a box for just a few dollars and add to the water in a watering can to fertilize your plants . Makes your flowers bloom better . Great stuff , right ? Being able to use their fertilizer with a hose sounds convenient , does n't it ? But be warned
 I have tried the Liquafeed Miracle Gro product several times . Each time , the product stops working . It 's supposed to empty in fifteen minutes but I have several bottles that do NOT do what they were supposed to do . I am tired of calling up Miracle Gro and having them send me coupons for design flawed products . If only EVERY bottle would emit the feeder like they are supposed to do !
 The first time we used the Miracle grow liquid feeder it worked fine . Two months later it started to work fine , I could see bubbles coming up in the container then it stopped . I tried a different bottle and bubbles once again so I knew it was working , then it stopped about 1/2 bottle down . I am a DIY guy and took it apart.Checked the tiny screen and it was OK . Checked the pin that goes into the bottle and it was OK but , still would not work with new bottle . Going to return about 6 bottles if we can . It is a great idea if it would only work .
 I purchased this system in May mainly to feed 3 hanging baskets and 5 planters . The good news is that the plants look great and I have the best display I 've had in 5 years but that 's the end of the good ! I knew this was expensive and that powder fertilizer is cheaper yet just as good so the expense was purely an indulgence for convenience . The trouble is it 's really not that convenient . It leaks and it is hard to get the liquid fertilizer to flow . It is easy to see when it 's working because you can see bubbles rise inside the bottle but getting it to go can take 3 times longer than scooping the powder stuff into a watering can . If you stop watering to move to a new area , something I do 8 times a night as I move to the next planter , it 's a crap shoot as to if it will start flowing again . Not only is it frustrating and a waste of time but you also waste a ton of water trying to get it going . I feed once a week but when my supply of fertilizer is done I wo n't buy more and I 'm tempted to use a different brand on principle , I wish you could rate with no stars cause this is n't worth 1 .
 I just came inside from attempting to feed my fairly large flower garden with this product . What a FAIL ! I blame myself somewhat because this is the third or fourth time I 've used this product , and all provided the exact same result , so I should have known . Just as someone before me wrote in their review , the feeder starts out fine . Seems to be feeding and bubbles are rising in the bottle indicating product is moving through . Also , the feeder bottle is slowly lowering . Somewhere after the first two or three minutes it quits feeding completely ! Unfortunately , I do n't notice it at this point and continue the long and arduous process of feeding my entire garden . Fifteen minutes in I look and realize it is n't feeding , and I 've wasted all the effort yet again . This has happened to me nearly everytime I 've tried this product . I 'll never make the same mistake again . This system is a complete FAIL . I 'll never buy another bottle again .
 I watered with liquifeed for over two hours and the bottle is 1/2 full . obviously a waste of my time and money . very disappointing as I have three bottles of this stuff in my garden shed .
 I bought the liquafeed system expecting it to be easy to use . I do n't know if there is any fertilizer coming out of the bottle . I 've tried to reposition the nozzle and have unscrewed and replaced the bottle several times but there does n't seem to be any less product in the bottle . I guess I 'll try it for a while to see if the plants respond .
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 This Item looks like a really good purchase , but after I received it , I discovered that the product is only Mild Steel not Stainless Steel . I am very dissappointed with the supplier , I called their toll free number and was told that it was n't their problem . Now to get satisfaction I have to return this order to Amazon at extra cost to me !! from Canada to the USA . Poor communication always leaves the customer with a POOR IMAGE of their business transation !!!!!
 EVEN AFTER TRYING TO USE THIS TOOL , I AM LEFT WONDERING WHAT IT DOES AND WHY I WOULD NEED IT ?
 nice idea but i seem to have problems getting the jar in and out - it is durable but still find it hard to clean and fill
 This cushion measured less than an inch thick upon arrival , not the two inches promised in the specifications . After a month of use it measured about a half inch . We threw it out . Total waste of money !
 This sprinkler stopped rotating and just leaks water from the bottom shortly after I purchased it , but it happened outside the return window so I am stuck with a sprinkler that does not work .
 I ordered this downspout extension after reading on Amazon 's product description page that it `` fits either 2 '' X 3 '' to 3 '' X 4 '' downspouts . '' To me , this sounded like a universal fit that might apply to my 2 '' round downspout , and it was impossible to tell from the accompanying photo whether it would fit a round downspout or not . Well , it would n't , not even close , and the seller is making me pay for the shipping and handling to send it to me -LRB- $ 7.65 -RRB- plus my cost to ship it back to them.Another problem with this item that did n't become quite clear until I got it is that it 's open on the top , which would allow leaves and other debris to accumulate in the trough . I had been planning to use it under some bushes near a corner of my porch that I rarely visit , and what I really needed was a covered tube to carry water away from my house , something that would n't require regular maintenance .
 ... the downspouts are displaced by wind . The extensions are completely blown off in wind . If you live in a place where the wind never never blows these are probably great . For those of us who live in the real world they are pretty much a waste of money . I would have paid twice as much for a heavier more durable product . In fact I 'm still looking for same .
 Does not work well at all - string tangles constantly around the trimmer head - not at all like the original .
 Not great ... * Handles are poorly finished . * Made in China - I thought this stuff was French ? * Brush is not durable . * Tools are HUGE - great size for Yao Ming , Shaq or any other seven-footers on your gift list . * You get what you pay for !
 the metal wire fell out of the scraper on the first use .
 I got these before thinking they would be great because it has a good grip and they are long but i found that it was hard to flip the meat on the grill . DO N'T BUY THESE !
 For starting seeds It was inconsistent in maintaining proper moisture levels , thus prone to various pathogens IMO . I would n't tell others to purchase this product with the intention of germinating seeds . I will be trying this product with cuttings in the future , possibly with a favorable outcome and in turn a higher rating of this product
 All the squirrel has to do is push its head through the cage and it has easy access to the suet , and the spaces are wide enough that the squirrel 's head slips in and out easily . It took a while for the critters to figure it out , but once they did they were very happy ! It does a great job , however , of keeping larger birds like Jays and Starlings away from the suet .
 I bought this grill about two weeks ago from a local store . For close to $ 2000 , I thought it would work like a dream.Because it used natural gas , I had to hire a plumber to run a gas line to my patio . After that was done , he tested the side burner and everything seemed to be working fine . I hosted a large family cookout that weekend with the new grill.The first thing I did was reading the manual . The instruction said to run all burners on high for 15 minutes before use . I did that , and the temperature rose to 600 some degrees . After 15 minutes , I put two chickens on rotisserie , and turned the knobs to low . I came back to the grill 5 minutes later , and smelled gas . All six burners had gone out , even though there was very little wind . I let the gas dissipate , and lit the burners again . This time I put the settings to medium . About 5 minutes later , the fire had gone out again . This happened about 10 times in a row . If I put everything on high , it stays lit ; any settings medium or lower cause all the burners to go out.I called Weber support after that . It turned out Weber headquarter was located in the next town to me . The first lady I spoke to claimed that my plumber must have hooked up the grill wrong . She insisted the connector was 3/8 '' for the grill , even though the manual and the label on the connector clearly stated 1/2 '' . I asked to speak to some one more experienced , and was promptly hung up . I called back again , and the next rep. I spoke to had no record of my previous hung up conversation . I gave my information to register the product , and told her the problem again . She asked me to wait for the grill to cool down , and clean all the internal parts per manufacturer instruction . She also wanted me to take out the burners , and clean them with a stainless steel brush . I asked her why I needed to do that when the grill is brand new . She said something about shipping wax could have gotten into the grill internals . She also said my gas pressure may not be high enough . I call the plumber at home , and asked him to come back here to check the pressure . The plumber told me that he had checked the pressure after installation , and it must have been a problem with the grill . He then agreed to come over , but will charge me for traveling time if it was not a gas line problem . He lived about 1 hour away , and it was on Sunday.My whole family waited with table full of raw meat , while the plumber checked the gas pressure . Sure enough the pressure was fine , even a bit higher than normal . Embarrassed , I paid him for 2 hours of time , and extra for traveling.I called Weber support again , and spoke to a different support person . While giving my information , I was hung up again . I called back again , and this time was transferred to voicemail . Finally , I tried again , and spoke to another rep. I told her that their previous suggestions did not work , and I paid close to $ 2000 for a grill that did not work . She told me that I needed to heat the grill up to 700 degree , instead of just 600 , even it took over 15 minutes . I tried that solute , and let grill run for over 20 minutes . Finally , the temperature rose to about 680 , but would not go up again . I then hear the grill cover metal making popping sound , the temperature started going down . I opened up the grill , and noticed the thing metal line inside started to buckle and warp , and started to peel off the rivets . I called Weber support again , and told them that solution did not work either . This time the support person scheduled for a service call . However , I would not be contacted until a week later to be scheduled , and it would take another week or two for the actual repair to take place . I was so frustrated with the experience , and called the local store to take the whole grill back.So far I have wasted over $ 400 paying for the plumber , messed up a weekend cookout -LRB- we ended up microwave all the food -RRB- , and wasted over 4 hours on the phone with Weber support . I bought Weber because of all the great reviews and reputation , but it was a big disappointment . The overall construction of this grill felt light and cheap , and it did not even work right out of the box . My old Vermont Castings grill only cost $ 300 , and it worked for over 5 years without any problem , on the same gas line . Weber support had tried everything they can to not send any repairperson to fix the problem . I was not impressed with the quality at all , especially with the high rate of disconnects -LRB- 2 out of 6 -RRB- . In the old days , Weber made durable quality products . It is not the case today . At least with the high price Summit Gold D6 I bought . I will not buy any products from Weber again .
 I purchased three of these and they worked for the first year then for no reason at all they stopped shutting off . I cut away the rubber protector on the handle in an effort to repair but they are assembled as a non-repair item . There is an internal `` O '' ring that becomes dislodged and causes the valve not to seat . Nice idea but poorly made.Update November 2012 , This was the second year for my last Dramm Full Flow Shut-Off-Valve and like clock work I was using it while washing out my flower pots before winter storage and half way through the project it stopped shutting completely off . Believe me these are not abused nor left out in freezing weather . Such a shame for a nice idea but poor design .
 Performs as advertised . It 's sad how many of these hose attachments are just junk . This seals tight and allows me to keep the hose on full time at the spigot without running back and forth . Nothing much to report aside from it 's an all-too-rare quality product at a great price.Update after 1 year - the valve that is operated by squeezing the handle has become sluggish at best and nonfunctional at worst . The result is that when the trigger is released , the water still flows . For a short period at first , then a few seconds , then not at all . It appears to get calcified over time , which I guess is understandable but a design flaw all the same . I have CLR 'd it a couple times now and that fix lasts for a few weeks but those intervals are becoming increasingly short and ineffective . We 'll see how long it lasts before it just fails to work at all . It 's great when it works ... OK , Update shortly after my previous update . It now leaks at the valve button . So totally worthless . I 'm now adding this to the mounting pile of failed hose attachments over the years . Onto the next shutoff valve - ever optimistic .
 It stopped working after a few months and even though it looks very heavy duty but it is not shutting off the water any more . I contacted the seller but they said I have to pay for return shipping cost so , my shipping cost was about the same as what I paid for that item but I sent it back since it was the right thing to do .
 I purchased this valve because it looked to be of professional quality construction . The `` Pro '' is not professional quality . The lever hinge broke within days of purchasing when it was dropped onto the ground . Inspection of the hinge showed that it is way too flimsy for any type of long term use .
 I loved this until the shut off valve quit working after 2 months . Ive never had a dramm product that lasted more than one year .
 Worked great until it broke after 3 months . We 'll see if Dramm makes good on their lifetime warranty as I ca n't return to amazon .
 When I discovered this easy to operate hose end shut-off valve I was wondering where it had been all of these years ! It made watering where need to vary flows in all degrees from complete off to full on easy and fairly precise . Even though it is really a wonderful tool I gave it 2 stars because no matter how great it is if it lasts only a few months it is really kind of worthless ! I have a total aversion to `` throw-away '' technology which this could be classified as.What happened to mine is that I lost the ability to control the volume of the water . I could get maximum flow but when released would not shut off . Still had some flow ranging from a trickle to as soft spray . The small water gate inside was getting stuck in partially open positions . I tried lubricating with machine oil open/closing the valve rapidly . Worked for only a short time.I believe there is some kind of internal spring mechanism that was failing.I absolutely do not recommend it unless you do very little watering and hopefully the valve does not get stuck .
 As others have stated this valve is not full flow despite the claims that it is . When I used several spray attachments they did n't work very well due to not being full flow nor having straight through path as would be present in even a smaller ball valve.In addition to the first problem after 5 months it stopped shutting off . I tried various methods to get it working again to no avail . For $ 13 + dollars for a valve I expect a lot more for my money . Save your money and buy a tried and true ball valve , while they do n't last forever they last a heck of a lot longer than this crappy valve and can be made to work again when the ball stops being easy to rotate.Steer clear of this product .
 Worked fine until it did n't . I figured it was the O rings , and the person who dissected his confirms this . Can anyone recommend a better product ? I have one watering wand for outdoors & one for my greenhouse , and I 'm sort of resigned to paying $ 22/yr for replacments .
 I bought this feeder thinking it would deter the house sparrow and house finches . While it does keep house sparrows away , the house finches still manage to feed from it . Worse of all , some of them stick the upper part of their body into the opening and just perch there while they go through the seeds , leaving shells behind in the feeder ! I have yet to see the smaller birds feed from it .
 We have had these feeders for years . I ordered one for my husband for Xmas . The top cap was buckled in two places . I sent it back and got a replacement , same thing . I called the manufacture of these &#34; Duncraft &#34; and they checked and they are all like that . I felt rain could get in these places and cause the seeds to clog up . So the second one was returned as well . Too bad , they are a perfect feeder for smaller birds . Hopefully this flaw will be corrected .
 I thought this would be fun , but the birds do n't have a place to land . They just kind of flutter around trying to perch , and than go onto another feeder.The angle is weird .
 Yeah , it will work and seams sturdy , and fits both adults & kids ... However , the photo on-line shows a cute duck motif at the top with duck footprints inside . The one I 've gotten only has bright blue text `` Game '' where the ducks are shown at top and a simple anti-slip wave pattern inside . I was hoping the kids would think it 's cute and use it , but it 's not cute ! just yellow . Not much better than my cheep white plastic tub that I use already .
 I do not recommend this grade hose the first time I used it , it split open and now sits in my garage useless .
 I 've had an old Weber for 15 years - still works well ! However , as it was getting too small for my growing needs and starting to show its age , I `` upgraded '' to this model.The new one has more bells and whistles - I do love the smoking burner/box combo . The rest of the features are nice too . However , this thing is almost impossible to get to 500 degrees to sear a steak or do some other high-temp cooking ! It runs through a tank of propane in just a couple of serious days of cooking and once you 're at less than 3/4 tank , do n't bother with high heat - it 's not there!On the other hand - very few flare-ups and mid/low temp cooking is great .
 Unfortunately , when I opened the shipping box , the lid of the grill was dented so I refused the shipment and sent it back .
 Please be advised that although the packaging is clearly marked as 5/8 , the hose is actually only 1/2 inches in diameter .
 Bought this skimmer for my Intex inflatable pool . It says it should work for this size pool , but once hooked up there is not enough suction for it to work . Does not suction at all .
 I would have given this a 5 alll the way but beings this is not a toy I rated it low !!!!! I really like being able to have a skimmer attached to my pool it is so much eaiser than having to vaccum everyday . Once you get it adjusted properly so the water will flow correctly and not allow air this product works just perfect !!
 POOR P O O R investment , this thing did n't make it a full year 's use . Plastic in the attaching arm ROTTED and it snapped like a spaghetti noodle the first time we tried to reposition it .
 I bought these light they are ok but I did not get what I paid for ... They did refund me a few dollars but that was not the point ... And they are way to expensive forwhat they are ... Would not buy again to pricey ... was not Happy at all ... Would not buy again ...
 Good luck if you ever need to get a part for your grill . I gove them a zero for customer service . I would give less than zero if I could . After repeated calls with customer service , the representative asked if there was anything else they could help me with . I said yes , please come and haul this piece of junk off as it is worthless as it is .
 The chair itself was alright , very short/low back makes it far less comfortable than most . My biggest complaint was the cost of shipping ... far more than the chair was worth . I would not purchase it again .
 This item is disgraceful ; it is a desecration of our beautiful United States flag ! The eagle may also be a proud symbol of our country , but this depicts it destroying the flag . Both unpatriotic and in very bad taste , it is just horrible!If you must , fly a separate flag with the eagle beneath the United States flag , not on top of it !!!
 This unit was sold as `` new '' but when it arrived the box looked like it had been opened and taped shut . The instructions say to plug unit A into unit B and assemble by attaching unit C. My box contained only A and C , no B , so it was returned for credit -LRB- I had to pay the return postage -RRB- . I will never order from this supplier again .
 This product has done nothing to curb our pest issues in our backyard area . It does not seem to affect any above ground creature at all that I can tell . I looked out the window one evening to see a rat sitting about 2 inches away from it , completely unaffected . We still have squirrels , racoons , and mice . Though the blue jays do n't seem too fond of the noise it produces .
 I bought 3 of these for my mother 's yard because she was having major problems with mole runs . When the repellers were first installed in early summer , it seemed that they might be working because mole activity decreased a lot . However , this was also when the wet weather ended and the hot , dry period started . Shortly after we got a fair amount of rain , the mole activity resumed . I think that the moles had just gone deeper underground when it was very hot and dry . The repellers are still beeping , so they have not broken , but they are ineffective .
 Pros
 I am surrounded by a forest and have a big problem with chipmunks tunneling under the cement floor of my garage and also into the footing drains of my house . Up until now we have used water traps very effectively but are a lot of work to keep up with and keep clean . Since using this product -LRB- about a month -RRB- we have seen a drop in activity with the chipmunks but they are still around . The directions say it takes a while to work most effectively so I am waiting and watching . Will update progress again in the near future.Update
 There must be regional differences in Gopher sensativities to this device . Some people rave about the success and others , like myself , think they suck . I have one in soft ground in a garden/flower bed and another in an orchard with rock hard dirt between the trees and niether one works . I still have gophers within 3 or 4 feet of the Solar Repellers . We are in the foothills of Norther California and they do not work here .
 At least in New Mexico , these and other sound repellers do not work . Neither does granular deterrent . Traps work IF you find someone who sets them properly .
 I was very happy with this repeller . However , it only worked for 3 months , then quit . I contacted the company and they said the solar battery was probably not charging . They said if I would fax my receipt , they would send another one . I did so that very day ; that was 6 weeks ago and I have not received a new product . You can not get to the batteries to replace them yourself , I tried . Now when I call their customer service number , all I get is a busy signal . So beware!After I posted this review , I got through to the company and they informed me that the unit was on back order and finally arrived . They said I should be receiving my new unit shortly ... hope it lasts longer this time .
 I admit that between the gophers -LRB- as it turned out , moles as well -RRB- and my wife complaining about our back yard being a gopher mound romper room , I was willing to try anything , including these `` Solar Pest Repellers '' . WELL I advise you , RUN AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT ! I repeat , DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT !! I state again , DO NOT WASTE 1 CENT OF YOUR MONEY ON PURCHASING THIS PRODUCT !!!! Like virtually everyone said , it does not work ; no way , not even close !! After trying them in different locations , depths , etc. , etc. . I finially paid a trapper to come out and try his luck -LRB- yes we still have trapper people here -RRB- . WELL , 2 gophers , 2 moles , about 8 days and $ 160.00 later I have been gopher and mole free for nearly 9 months now ... . It took wheelbarrowing and raking about 2 yards of topsoil along with several applications of grass seed and fertilizer , but we are almost back to a `` normal '' looking back yard !! I did NOT get any satisfaction from the company -LRB- Sunforce + other AKA 's -RRB- when I tried to return the 3 I purchased -LRB- too late for Amazon -RRB- . Anyone want to try 3 of these junkers , REALLY CHEAP ???
 I installed the device in our yard in the area where the Gophers were digging.They have continued to dig , as close as 18 '' from the `` Repeller ''
 I purchased two of these to try to control moles that had invaded our neighborhood . At the time they were not running rampant in my yard . I have had the the two repellers installed for around a month . Since I have started using this product the moles have been attracted to them -LRB- as stated in the product guide -RRB- . The only problem is they will not go away and keep coming back to my flower beds.Before spending money on this product , do your homework and research moles . They reportedly are more numerous when the ground is moist , which is what has happened this year . Traps and poisons can remedy the problem but they will still come back.This product did not work for me at all .
 The Sunforce 80001 operates as designed , emitting an intermittent combination of sound and vibration . Unfortunately the moles do n't care . The unit has been in operation for about a month , and there are new mole tunnels with 15 feet of it . It is advertised as covering 6000 sq ft , so the range ought to be about 43 feet in any direction.Save your money .
 I expect new items to be in original packaging but this was in a plain large box in 2 pieces with no instructions , no manufacturing info , no troubleshooting info , no nothing . How long does it need to be exposed to the sun to work ? Does it make sounds ? How deep should it be placed ? Not a clue .
 One evening when I walked down to the lower back yard to see how our watermelons , cantaloupes , honeydews , pumpkins and bird nest gourds were doing , I was shocked and a little miffed that all but the pumpkin and gourds were nothing but stems ... DARN THOSE GROUND HOGS !!! I came across this and thought that perhaps this would work ... and too , I thought that I read in the instructions provided that it would deter rabbits , ground hogs and other rodents ... well , no . I ended up purchasing a Havaheart trap and have trapped and released 3 ground hogs , 1 skunk -LRB- he was a little guy and cute ! -RRB- and 1 oppossum and now my mellon patch is thriving ... and those plants that were nibbled to just the stems ... they 've bounced back ! So this little contraption is being placed in the garden closer to house ... hopefully , it will deter what ever is eating the squash !
 I installed this in my garden after failing to repel a destructive family of moles using a variety of techniques . It has produced no results even though it does emit vibrations . I had to resort to poison to get rid of them . It is easy to use and install but apparently does not work on all moles .
 This product is completely worthless . It seems to draw more critters like the pied piper . Plus there is a buzz every few seconds that drives us all crazy .
 I do n't know if this thing is working , my gut tells me no . I 've had it in several months now and I 'm still seeing mounds and tunnels throughout my yard . Not to mention the squirrels just stand on top of these to taunt me . So no it probably is n't working at all . Would n't recommend in Florida .
 purchased 4 of these for a large back yard . left them in place plenty of time for them to take effect per the directions . 2 of them made no sound at all 2 of them made noise but had no effect whatsoever . They are made cheaply also . When I went to pull them out to return them two of them broke so they can not be returned and I 'm out about $ 100 . I read the mixed reviews but thought I 'd give it a try anyway . Do n't waste your time or money .
 These things do n't work . We have had them before and they were wonderful and did the job but these do nothing and we are out the money for 2 of them .
 I was tasked by my wife to rid her garden of the voles . Unfortunately , this is not the device for that task . Our Garden is very small at approx 150 sq ft. We purchased one of these and placed it in the center . Even though the unit appears to be operating correctly , the voles are tunneling within 4 inches of the unit . They do n't seem to be affected by this unit . Our neighborhood cats have delivered 4 voles to my driveway in the last month . Maybe i need to stick to feeding the cats.I give it two starts just for the fact the unit was received in a well packaged box with very quick shipping .
 Since I purchased this item , it seems to attract pest . I wish I could returned it . It was a waist of money .
 I had previously read the reviews and I chose to ignore them thinking that perhaps they were competitors/saboteurs etc. . I wish I had n't . Quite simply it did nothing but make another hole on the ground.I think the idea that this product would work makes sense but the technology is simply not there.Save your money .
 We are in Colorado and are plagued with pocket gophers . We have had these pest repellers in our lawn for over 2 years and I have yet to see any difference in the hungry pests digging patterns . I think they chuckle and use it as a beacon to know where in the garden are the tastier roots and bulbs.Maybe it works for some people because they have moles . I bet a lot of people do n't even know what they have in their lawn - for months , my wife and I debated whether we had pocket gophers or voles . I know we have pocket gophers because we 've captured and released over a dozen.These do n't work . What works is the wash , catch and release program . My wife takes the hose , floods all of their tunnels and air holes . Sometimes it takes hours to get one to surface and does n't always work . Once they surface , scoop them up in a bucket and take to a nearby national forest , open space or park.Also works to build garden boxes with tough wire mesh on the bottom.Good luck !
 Like another poster mentioned , the mole actually seems to have an affinity for this junk . The day after I placed the rod in the soil , the mole dug a tunnel right next to it ! I assume most of the positive posts are from people associated with this product .
 I bought two because I wanted to place them before going out of town . Both arrived on time in working order , but on my return two weeks later only one of them was still working .
 The moles taunt me as they push up the mounds next to the `` solar pest repeller '' . Sorry folks . This just does n't work .
 Save all your packaging and be prepared to return the product .1 -RRB- Here is how you can test the product -LRB- without doing any technical work -RRB- . After assembling per instructions , cover the solar top so that it gets no light . This will force the unit to run off the batteries -LRB- which come pre-charged -RRB- . You will hear the unit hum/vibrate , as it should . Leave it like that for a few days to drain the batteries . After you are sure the batteries are drained -LRB- unit no longer makes intermittent hums/vibrations -RRB- , remove the solar cover , and take it outside in the sun . Make sure the solar collector is getting direct sun . If the unit is wired correctly it will resume operation and the batteries will recharge . Congratulations , you have received operational product .2 -RRB- Here is how you can repair the product -LRB- if you do n't want to send it back for a refund -RRB- . A -RRB- Remove the little screws underneath the top of the product . B -RRB- If you have access to a volt meter , take a reading on solder points where the wires from the solar collector are soldered . If you have to switch the meter leads -LRB- black on red ; red on black -RRB- , to obtain a normal voltage reading , then the solar collector is wired backwards . I got a reading of about -8 volts -LRB- DC -RRB- . C -RRB- The wiring can be corrected by cutting the red and black wires near the middle of the collector . D -RRB- Re-splice to opposites -LRB- connect red to black ; black to red -RRB- . This will correct the problem , but the better way is to re-solder the wires on the printed circuit board in reverse locations . E -RRB- Once you have swapped the wires , and if sunlight is hitting the solar collector , it will start working . F -RRB- You should also pull the battery plug and take a voltage reading on the two little prongs . You should be getting about an 8 VDC reading there as well -LRB- meaning it will recharge the batteries -RRB- . Does the product really work ? Well I do n't know yet , just got them working , but at least the two I purchased are now operational . If I see gopher damage diminish , maybe I will come back and add a star ...
 I had hoped this product would save me from having to put out traps . No luck . One of the younger gophers actually likes to sit on the thing when he suns himself .
 In reading the reviews I guess this is just hit and miss . It seems to have worked for some people , but did n't work at all for me . I do n't like the loud beeping noise , but I would n't mind it if it was repelling the squirrels , if anything I seem to have more of them . It was a waste of money for me .
 Ok I have n't seen any difference but it 's only been a two days . I am wondering however is this thing suppose to vibrate ? I hear the buzzing but I ca n't feel anything moving inside that might annoy the moles in my yard .
 this is the 3 or 4th time things have been screwed up at amazon , got my coffee grinder , sent email about b buzzer no response
 We purchased two Sunforce Solar Pest Repellers to keep rats out of our garden and backyard . We live in an urban area and have children/pets so it seemed that this was a good investment . It would have been if it worked . Just last night , I saw a rat walk right by it without even flinching ! It may work for gophers and moles but not `` rodents '' .
 I am still having trouble with moles I just found new trails where they have woking , so I will be looking for a new solution
 This item is a TOTAL waste of money . I plugged in the solar top , secured it to the post , inserted it into the ground . It was n't quite straight so I pulled it out . As a result the tip -LRB- Which had nothing to do with anything I assembled -RRB- came off ripping the wires off , thus rendering it completely useless . I left the tip eight inches below the grass surface and threw the rest in the recycling bin . What a piece of shit !
 Does n't do what it should . Vibrates fine , I was able to put it in the ground fine , however the voles seem unaffected by the whole thing .
 in stalled in new laid sodded grass area still have gophers and way annoying with a beep every two minutes
 I have tried every known method for getting rid of moles and this was the last step . I put in two and the moles came up right next to the device ... waste of money .
 The buyer has to assemble this . Close to impossible unless you have tools to fix it . Screw holes were n't completely drilled . Pieces were not the same length so it did not fit together . Go with another one .
 After a month of use , I 've found that Rockwool is much too basic and needs to be soaked much too long , with ending results that are too inconsistent . Rapid Rooters are pH neutral , only need to be soaked for a few minutes , and have a much higher rate of success . Balancing my Rockwool became too much of a chore . The low price is good if you need to keep your cost down and do n't mind the extra effort though .
 If your looking for a great product to mess up your system try this junk . Some people swear by the stuff me , every time i use it it disintegrates on to my roots causing a bigger problem .
 The chimney did n't work for me at all . I followed the directions and all the chimney did was smoke and the charcoal remained the same .
 I was hoping to use two of these inline with each other , but due to the amount of water pressure needed to power these , there was barely any spray -LRB- maybe 6 feet ! -RRB- .
 This was purchased as a gift . After receiving it , I almost sent it back . It may be telescoping , but seems very flimsy , the rod too thin and does not appear to be sturdy at all . Not sure if it will serve the purpose , or hold up well . It may work with marshmallows , but so will a long ` free ' stick . I would not order it again .
 Do not rely on the information printed on the packaging . I bought this blade as a replacement for my TP3712 -LRB- per the information on the package -RRB- , the holes on the blade do not match the tool . Returning it
 I bought these and when I used them the handle got so hot it burned the hot pad and my hand ! I bought a heavy duty grilling mitt and it burned it too . I threw them away .
 When I was finally done assembling this bird bath , I thought the finished product was very nice and will look great in almost any garden . Unfortunately , assembly was the problem . The one I received did not come with any hardware or instructions and none of the drilled and tapped holes in the base matched -LRB- all 3 of the legs had holes in different places -RRB- . I have access to a wire feed and I just welded mine together and repainted it with no problems . The reason for this review is to forewarn anyone who is not handy at fixing things or if you expect something to be perfect when you open the box !
 We ordered the table , thinking that after so many complaints , the manufacturer and Amazon would finally get it right . Wrong . Our table arrived with 3 legs from one table , and one completely wrong leg . After unpacking everything , and setting up all the legs , we find that the table is useless . Amazon is generally good , but when they suck , they really suck .
 Very disappointed in the quality of the table . . First one arrived with a big hole broken in top of table . . The 2nd one they sent had two legs that could not be attached because they were made at a 90 degree angle at upper base of each leg . . so unable to put the screw thru to attach to table top . The 3rd table is ok and was able to put together . Maybe I just had bad luck with my orders ... The table is a nice heavy one so sure it will not move with strong winds . . I had ordered the other matching pieces or I probably would have given up after receiving the defective one .
 Enjoy being awash in a hideous bright post-apocolyptic orange glow while being blinded by the beaming element . Also , the heated area just did n't live up to the specs which , even if it did , would not overcome the downside of being turned orange . It really did n't heat anything but seemed to just barely keep the cold air at bay . Yes , I mounted it height and angle-wise according to the recommendations in the manual . Just thought I should give fair warning to any others .
 We purchased 9 of these for our house four years ago . We experience a lot of wind and they have been relatively good at keeping us warm on breezy evenings . In the past year , I have purchased more than 10 bulbs to replace burnt out bulbs . These cost between $ 85 and $ 95 . Considering they are supposed to have a rather long life , I am extremely disappointed with this expenditure . Then one bulb arced and blew out the socket , so I bought a new socket for $ 45 . I have tried to contact the company on two occasions and do not get response -LRB- one an unanswered message from their website and one a unreturned phone call -RRB- . Apparently , we have one that is 240 , not 120 and I unknowingly ordered all 120 bulbs which resulted in that one exploding . I did n't see it , thankfully it was turned on , then we decided to eat inside . The explosion blew out the glass , sending smoldering chunks flying in a 3 foot radius . I know they were smoldering because when I went to clean up , the shards had melted our decking and stuck to the deck boards . They just are n't worth throwing money at , we will be replacing them with a different product as their bulbs burn out , which should be soon .
 Do n't buy this item . The finish will burn off after 2 uses ! and when you contact char-griller they will tell you that your warranty will not cover their shoddy product ! in the day and age i would think they would be more concerned with keeping customers .
 Really , what is the point of having this thing otherwise ? I 've owned and used mine for nearly a full year now , and I 've got to say that it is an enormous waste of time and patience . It 's hard to assemble , harder to clean out and maintain , it 's construction is cheap and it twists and contorts with the slightest movement , and it is incapable of holding temperature . Today was the last straw . The first cook of the year and a gorgeous cut of meat will end up in either the oven or the garbage because this monstrosity ca n't get up to a little as 150 degrees without constant stoking and stroking . When I bought it , I was n't told to also order the full-time babysitter required to keep the coals from going cold every half hour . I 'm giving it a one-star rating only because Amazon does n't do NO stars . What a piece of junk ! Gas grill , here I come !
 This was not what I expected at ALL > It separates the fire form under the meat area so you do n't get that BBQ flavoring from th ebunrt edges .
 This grill is not that hard to assemble and is mid priced for a cheaply made offset smoker . Assembly took me about an hour and that wasnt too bad considering i am fairly inept at following assembly instructions . I used the grill for a fourteen pound brisket for its first time use . The temp gauge is totally useless and i used a remote thermometer for the grill temp before using it for the meat temp . My big problem with this grill is the inefficient heat retention . I was cooking for fourteen hours and used more than twenty pounds of charcoal . The charcoal i use is expensive and the amount i used for this was excessive compared to my big green egg . It may be better for summer grilling but using this in cold weather is difficult to justify when it comes to long time smoking . It has the benefits i desire in an offset smoker but it lacks year round use due to heat loss due to thin metal . I spent about 35 dollars for the charcoal to cook the brisket and it adds too much to the cost of making the food . Otherwise i would add a star to four . There really isnt much out there that is good unless you go to over a thousand dollars unfortunately . This grill appears to be the best of the low range offset smokers but you get what you pay for.Update : After doing several racks of ribs , I have concluded that cheap offset barrel smokers are not worth putting money into . The key for brisket and ribs is temperature control with precision . This cheap model which is the best of the low range offset smokers is seriously lacking in precise temperature control . By the time you get it stabilized you have to open it up to add charcoal or baste/mop or something else . Then the temp gets messed up and throws the cooking off kilter . The reason I bought this grill was for brisket and ribs and this is unit is not the answer . Maybe the more expensive ones are better . You can correct temp variation over ten or more hours of cooking so it will not have the impact with the brisket as it does the ribs but you really have to finesse with foil wraps or such and for good barbeque you have to really get a good quality smoker . I wasted my money but you dont have to . I can not recommend this offset smoker based on a lack of adequate temperature control and maintenance while cooking .
 While I 'm sure the actual product performs just fine , the product that I received in the mail was a used product that had been poorly packaged and arrived in damaged condition . Despite the claim that Amazon placed on the site that it was NEW , the body of the smoker had food grease staining the inside and , when assembled , the top of the body was dented so nothing fit together properly -LRB- which is one of the most important things to have in a smoker ! -RRB- There was also a huge and deep scratch on the front of the side fire box.The most disappointing thing about the entire process is that when I called Amazon to complain , the only thing they could give me was a 15 % discount . The box that the smoker came in was barely holding together as it was , and so it would be almost impossible to ship it back in the same box . Very frustrating .
 When the product arrived the box was badly damaged and so was the grill . The lid did not align properly and we had to bang it with a hammer in several places to get it close . The Char-Griller symbol was missing for the lid . The paint cracked off the top of the smoker attachment the first time we used it . Definetly looked like someone had returned this grill and they did n't inspect the product before shipping it out .
 I replaced a large Weber grill and now I 'm going back . I prefer indirect cooking . This may be fine for direct.With the attached firebox , the grill consumes an immense amount of fuel . Buy your wood by the cord . The heat is very uneven , much hotter near the firebox than away from it . You have to move meat several times to cook evenly . I did try the fire bricks but this only helped marginally.The grill itself is rusting badly and I live in the desert where most metal does not rust . The grill leaks a lot of air , and I suspect that is why you need so much fuel to maintain a reasonable temperature . I bought on the basis of the reviews here , and I really do not understand the generally positive feelings about this grill !
 It is sad to say but the days of a solid American made product is dead ! The smokers made by Char Griller boast that they are American made , and covered by a warranty ... then in the small print it says ` the paint may peel off your smoker upon first use -LRB- it should say WILL peel off upon first use ! -RRB- , the paint is not covered by the warranty . ' if you are unfortunate enough to own one of these then you know what I am talking about , both my grill and side smoker are all but devoid of paint . I called Char Griller and told them that I was appalled by their underhandedness , they did n't seem to care . well the best -LRB- or worst -RRB- advertising is word of mouth . and I have nothing good to say about this product !
 If you are just getting into smoking , then this one is not too bad if you do n't want to spend big bucks for a more professional unit up front.Problems I ' v had :1 . On mine the grates would drop into the grill fire box until I took a couple of screw clamps and a couple of two by fours and forced the fire box to be retangular . Should n't have to do this . Char-Griller needs to make the lip that the grates sit on wider , and improve their manufacturing .2 . There is too much of a gap between the lid and the grill fire box , leading to a lot of smoke and temperature loss . Once again , the manufacturing needs improvement . Again , I can fix this by adding more thickness , but I should ` nt have to .3 . The wire handles that lift the grate up and down are poorly made , and the little supports they sit on are too short . More than once the grate has fallen to the bottom of the grill fire box . I guess I 'll have to add longer supports .
 As i put this together the paint was peeling off.I have to paint the inside so it will last a year.It is a fair BBQ and packaged poorly
 truthfully can not rate product becuase I have never been able to receive product undamage . As a result I have never had a chance to assemble and cook . Packaging is insufficient for weight of product so every order I have made -LRB- a few -RRB- it always ends up damaged during shipping process . Then it just becomes another job to send back , get new one , send back ... . I am ready to cook , not manage returns ... I would not order until they develope a solution to shipping issue because I think there is very small likelyhood of receiving undamaged -LRB- UPS delivery guys agress -RRB- . Too bad because I had high hopes for this unit . My mother found a smaller version at a local store and I have enjoyed cooking with it . My guess is that this company makes good products and hope to some day try out the BBQ with a side fire box .
 We received this as a gift and already it is starting to RUST out in the bottom . It grills ok but do n't count on having this grill for long due to the rust issue . It is a lot of money to put into a grill to have this happen . Luckily we did n't pay for it . Also the `` all weather '' cover is terrible and has come part , shredding .
 As an avid charcoal BBQer , I was looking to replace my 20 year old Ball-B-Q which I had painstakingly preserved until the bottom had rusted out , so it was time to check out what the market had to offer . I was used to an adjustable height cooking grill and found that most charcoal grills today do not offer this feature . In my mind it 's a necessity for those who grill for two or less , otherwise you waste a lot of charcoal and pollute that much more.So Char-Griller seemed to have all the feature I wanted , especially the airtight hood which has the advantage of snuffing out the coals when you 're done . That makes it possible to reuse the coals a second time . Plus the reviews here for other Char-Griller models were positively glowing , so I ordered one blind without seeing it in person.The grill was straightforward enough to build , but there was some confusion about whether or not the cast iron grates were treated at the factory in China . It turns out they were , but you still have to prime the entire inside of the grill with cooking oil . It then needs to burned off for something ridiculous like two hours before you use it the first time.The warming rack warped pretty noticeably after this first burn off , and it is clear from the smoke leaking out of the sides and back that the airtight flanged hood is not quite as advertised.Instead of raising or lowering the cast iron cooking grates , this model has you lift the coal grate up closer to the food . The handles have notches on them that rest on tabs inside the grill body . Fine in theory , clunky in practice ... also the handles are metal and get quite hot ... mitts are essential.Dumping the ashes is another pain ... you have to remove the 3-piece cast iron grates and then lift the ash pan out using the same handles that adjust the height . Unfortunately , those handles do not lock onto the ash pan , so it 's difficult to maneuver it.I 'm not sure if it 's because the manufacturer skimped on the gauge of the metal but the grill body bows inward and the hood outward on the sides which creates a 1/4 '' gap on each side . That lets in a lot of air which makes controlling the cooking temperature difficult . This unit also has a chimney which for some reason is installed from the inside of the hood . That makes it possible for water to leak into the hood and onto the cast iron grills . You will need a cover if you plan to leave this one outside.Very disappointed with this one , especially since most reviews for similar models were so positive . I 'm not sure how long Char-Griller has been manufacturing offshore , but maybe that has something to do with it . Contacted customer service about these issues but their response was indifferent . And of course , once you 've used it ... you ca n't return it.UPDATE 09/2006
 There are good things to be said . The weight is good , and the grates are excellent . The size is perfect . Unfortunately , I have to agree with an earlier reviewer who talked about execution . The machining on this thing is abysmal . I 'm not a novice at putting these together ; I 've had three others , albeit from different companies . This was not pleasant . I had to chisel out holes that had n't been punched properly . I had to force the barrel to fit on the frame ; it was off by about 1/2 '' . Not surprisingly , nothing fits snugly . I know , you get what you pay for -LRB- which was more than what it is now listed for -RRB- , but my Weber was n't much more and it 's still going strong after 10 years . I doubt I get 2 years with this .
 Ok this is a terrible grill for charcoal grilling . You ca n't keep a nice consistent heat without constant adjustments to the vents , and adding charcoal . You have to have such a small fire that it will go out after 15 minutes just to keep a low enough temperature to not just instaburn the food which makes you have to add coal constantly to keep the fire from going out . I guess that 's why the grill is made in 3 pieces so you can easily add fuel to the fire.Do not buy this POS . Save your money and just get an Ol' Smokey . Seriously , you 'll be much happier .
 why does it state free shipping and you charge $ 50.00 thats not right i want my money back thats wrong.Char-Griller 2123 Wrangler 640 Square Inch Charcoal Grill / Smoker
 I purchased this product from amazon . It looked good and solid and did n't take time to assemble . However , the blackness under the grill is peeling of due to heat . Its a great product , but I hope it lasts
 This grill lasted maybe a year and a half . the screws on the grill shelf broke off just from the movement of opening and closing the lid . we took that off , but within 2 months from that , the screws on the lid busted off too . I also ordered a grill over and used it every time . It 's cheap for a reason . I ended up replacing it with a Weber . It 's worth it just to spend a little more money and get quality .
 I 'm not sure it was actually Calphalon-nowhere near the quality of the Calphalon items I have bought locally in dept stores .
 I bought 2 of these hoses , just this spring -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . One has a crack and is leaking ; the female end on the other broke loose . Poor quality . The hoses are very convenient to use , but need to be made better .
 I have had this item for less than 60 days and the hose has a very large gash . This is not fixable or usable at this point . I realize the ones that I have purcased for far less at Target only a last a season or two , but at least I can return if it breaks within the first season of use . I am out $ 40 bucks and very displeased .
 The coil hose becomes to heavy to move easily once full of water . The coils create resistance against the ground and to not move easily or uniformaly . This is a `` do n't buy product '' .
 I bought the 25ft last year and loved it , so I bought a 50ft for the front . The swivel base leaks and I can not seem to make it stop . The 25ft did that for a while but I was able to stop it by moving the hose , but that does not work with the 50ft . The fitting looks flimsier than the hose I bought last year .
 Frustrating , gets all kinked up and very hard to manage . If I were n't so lazy I would send it back .
 Avoid this hose unless you want to wash your house since water comes out both ends . This is absolutely the worst hose I have ever used . There is no washer included , I thought that it as just out of error , so I exchanged it and the replacement was the same . So much water came out of the faucet side , only slightly less then the outlet end . For the price of this hose , you would n't begin to imagine that you would have to go to a hardware store seeking a proper size washer before use.I had different hoses of various cost over my lifetime and never had to seek out a washer before use . What is worst you are not even advised to go buy a washer first . I was extremely dissatisfied and got a refund .
 Bought this last year and was very happy until I had to throw it out because it developed pin hole size leaks ... that should only happen after years and years of use , not 6-8 months
 The end of the hose -LRB- nozzle end -RRB- blew off the first time I connected the hose . Seems manufacturer forgot to crimp/secure the nozzle connector ... . Used a `` hose clamp '' to repair and utilize.Hose tends to kink-up/twist often.Disappointed .
 I bought this hose for $ 36 after looking at number of alternatives in stores and on Amazon.I selected this 1/2 inch , 75 ft. coil model for use in my garage and to wash cars . I thought that the advertised hose length would be more than adequate to cover a 19 ' length garage and a car in front of it . However , I just went to use the hose and discovered that because it is tightly coiled , the 75 ' hose only results in a maximum usable length of 20 ' . This results in a very costly hose that has very limited use . It wo n't cover the inside of the garage nor a car infront of it . My suggestion is do n't buy it and Amazon should change their product description to the real usable length of the hose . Currently their description is very deceiving .
 I should have followed the advice of the other reviewers . The connections on both ends of this hose seem to be made of a very flimsy aluminum . They can not make a good connection to the spigot or to the pistol-grip hose nozzle that I own . As a result , water sprays from both ends . I am so aggravated by it ! I rarely have time to write reviews but feel compelled to in this case . Please , save yourself money and aggravation . I will attempt to return it but who has the time to go through that paperwork and shipping hassle ?
 Buy it cheaper at discount stores . It tangles , kinks , and is cumbersome . Wrestling with it is irritating .
 I bought this grass seed because I had not seen the brand before , and the description of it sounded great ! Unfortunately , the grass seed did not grow - after many weeks , it is still sitting there , doing nothing . I checked the bag , and guess what ? It is labeled 2010 - no wonder ! very disappointed in this purchase .
 Do n't waste your money on this one . While it did grow fast , it looked horrible . Buy something that does not look like this .
 I purchased his hoping to keep rabbits and maybe squirrels from coming through my backyard fence to eat my lawn . This product is light bordering on flimsy and posed no challenge to the critters gnawing through it . It may be fine for other purposes , for what I wanted , it was worthless . I took it down and put up a thin gauge wire fence instead . Fingers crossed , it seems to be doing the job .
 Huge rip off . Go to Walmart and buy this for under ten dollars . This will not keep dogs out .
 This fence was much easier to work with than regular chicken wire . Unfortunately the rabbits found it much easier to chew through as well . It lasted about a week before I had to put regular chicken wire over top of it as the rabbits had chewed at least 5 holes in it .
 while belt was correct length , it was n't exact width so belt slips if put in a strain in heavy grass.Had to buy another
 The first time I used this product the handle came off ! I Am lucky that it came off just as I lifted it off the ground and not in the air where it could have dumped the coals on me . The reason was that the rivets melted and pulled out . My last charcoal starter was five years old and so rusted I could flatten it between my hands but the handle was still firmly attached . this produced could have never been tested with coals in it !
 Pros : The sign looks better than the picture in the description.It is visible from a distance.Cons : Very cheap metal , feels like 5 layers of tinfoil smashed together.Do not expect a quality sign , it 's printed on the thinnest sheet metal money can buy .
 I own a bunch of these and am amazed at the price here -- $ 9 -LRB- when you add in the shipping -RRB- -- when this same thing is available elsewhere -LRB- I am not permitted to tell you exactly where , so ... Google it -RRB- This is not a good deal ...
 This worked about 15 times , now it leaks and only shuts off 50 % of the time . Look for something else .
 I 'm on Amazon shopping for a replacement . It lasted for about 4 months of almost daily use . Then it stopped ticking . While it worked , I really liked it . Wish it would have been higher quality , but perhaps I got what I paid for . This time I 'm going to try a more expensive one .
 Purchased this timer two years ago and have used it for one and a half seasons . When it works , it 's fine , but about 40 % of the time it does n't shut off . That 's sort of the whole point of a mechanical timer ; so , I 'm now shopping Amazon for a new timer .
 This water meter is awful . It lasted about 5 hours before it started leaking and making a funny noise .
 Though the product itself functions adequately , the horrible rigid plastic clamshell creates a danger for skin cuts due to the need for slicing off several sides to access the product . One of the worst I 've ever encountered.On the Gilmour website , the company states `` The quality of our products is unsurpassed , and we make it a point to offer environmentally friendly products that help customers use natural resources responsibly ... . We 're doing our part , both in what we make , and how we make it . Gilmour 's new product and packaging programs will continue commitment efforts to a greener earth , greener lawns , ... `` But this packaging is a poor example of Gilmour 's philosophy ; indeed , it is a repudiation of their claim that they are environmentally friendly.Gilmour is a division of the Robert Bosch Tool Corporation of Peoria , Illinois . Perhaps the folks in Peoria can get the attention of the company and make it live up to its claims .
 My neighbor has the manual version of this hose box , and I liked it except for the cranking while guiding the hose onto the reel part . It was awkward and a little hard on the back . I thought an electric winding version would be just the thing so I bought this . I really wanted it to work , but it has major flaws.It takes two arms and a leg to get the hose out . There is no release mechanism so you have to pull against the drive motor . I could only get about 3 ' of hose out per pull , and toward the end I had to open the top and turn the spool by hand . This is a deal killer , but wait , there 's more.There is a feeder like a fishing reel has to wind the hose on the reel . It frequently got out of sync with what was really happening to the hose on the spool , and would need to be disengaged , moved , and re-engaged . When re-engaging it can be tricky to make sure it is going the right way . The mechanism is cheap plastic . It ca n't avoid making the lump the hose makes where it is attached bigger on each pass . On the manual model you would normally skip this part on a wrap to get a nice even spool of hose.The hose connections are cheap plastic . The manual has warnings and there are stickers too - telling you to be careful not to cross thread your hose . There 's a reason . Cheap plastic parts with cheap plastic threads . The short piece of hose that feeds the box has to be twisted to attach because the fitting is so cheap it is n't even a coupler.The top is curved so you ca n't set anything on it . The manual box had a flat top . Handy . The spool is n't really big enough for 100 ' of hose . Maybe teensy hose . There is wasted space inside the box . With better layout the box size could be reduced and the reel size increased.The pedal you push on to actuate the electric drive is on the side at the back . It 's awkward to push it and see what 's happening inside . If you lift the top it wo n't run , so you have to look through the slit.To make this thing work you would need to relocate the foot pedal switch , add a reversing switch so it would also drive the hose out , eliminate the top safety switch so you could see inside easily with the top up , remove the mechanical feeder -LRB- which will give room for more hose on the reel -RRB- , and replace the fittings with brass . You might as well make a smaller box with a flat top too while you 're at it . That leaves the drive and battery as the only useful parts , and it would really be nicer to have a drive that disengaged ... I ca n't believe this thing is being sold . It 's shameful . The shipping killed me but I returned it . What a piece of junk .
 I thought this would be good for me , I am handicapped and have a hard time rewinding my hose . It not avery good product , it is very hard to unwind and very slow to rewind I think this product needs more research . I would not buy another one .
 What 's the use of a hose rewinder that rewinds okay , but fights you to unwind the hose . Do not even think about this product . Kudos to Amazon for making this return painless and cost-free .
 Do not buy this product . It is virtually impossible to pull the hose out and use it . The winder works great , but when trying to pull out the hose , you are pulling against the motor and the gears and it is very difficult to pull out the hose . I am trashing mine . I went out and bought a different suncast model that holds up to 150 feet of hose . You have to hand crank it but at least you can pull the hose out to use it .
 Very disappointed in this unit . While it is easy reel in the hose , it takes a tractor to pull it out . We had to pull so hard , it caused the hose to clamp on itself , and I had to open the top and pull the house out by hand . I think the problem is you are rotating the motor backwards . They should have made it so it would free wheel when going out -LRB- like a bike coasting -RRB- . We returned the unit .
 Virtually impossible to reel out the hose when it is stored because the container can not be secured to the ground firmly enough to prevent the entire container from moving and tumbling over . The rewinder works GREAT , however . If they should include a powder UNwinder , buy that unit !
 I originally purchased a PW100 power hose reel about about 4 years ago . Last month , the activation switch broke and , since it was out of warranty , I searched online for the switch and I found it $ 2.00 . Only problem the minimum order was 100 for the little sucker . So , I bit the bullet , and ordered a new one for $ 83.94 -LRB- Cheaper than $ 200.00 for 100 switches -RRB- . The new one arrived , big problem - it is very difficult to pull the hose out , I could barely do it , my wife could not . My original one was no problem . I took my new one apart to see what was up and discovered the Co. has `` re-engineered '' the product to save money . Original has metal bearings and fittings , the updated one is all plastic parts . I removed the switch from the new one and put it into my 4 year old model . -LRB- So a new switch ended up costing me $ 83.94 , but at least it works ! -RRB- Bottom line , do not buy this product , it is of very poor quality compared to the original design .
 The concept is probably pretty good but the construction is the chinzyest -LRB- my own word but you get the idea -RRB- I ever saw . Extremly difficult to unwind . The traverse shaft is positioned too far to the left causing the hose to overlap . I hope it lasts thru thos year . A poor product.Charles TinkerColumbiaville MI
 We had several hydro powered hose reels and they always leaked somewhere . This hose reel is awesome
 We should have paid attention to those reviews that pointed up the difficulty in extracting the hose from this unit . The amount of tension -LRB- pull -RRB- required to simply unwind the hose is unacceptable . Damage to the unit , if it is secured , seems to be a likely outcome . C'mon folks , you 've had enough complaints about this very issue ... fix it . We returned our unit the day after purchase and will not be looking at other Suncast products in the future .
 This is a horrible device.WASTES GALLONS OF WATER !!! sent mine back
 I really liked the idea of this product . I 'm returning it for 3Suncast PW100 Powerwind 100-Foot Capacity Automatic Rewind Garden Hose Reelreasons . The instructions suggest you have to remove the water from the hose before winding it up . This is to reduce the weight so the motor and handle it . They also suggest removing any attachments . To me that 's too much trouble . The final negative is that it cold areas it must be stored out of the freezing weather . I do not have room to store this . Too bad seemed like a good idea.Suncast PW100 Powerwind 100-Foot Capacity Automatic Rewind Garden Hose Reel
 The concept sounds great , but the motor would not turn . It took 1 hours to troubleshoot per the manual but that did not help . Took over 1 hour to contact the company who emailed more troubleshooting tips . That did not solve the problem . Took another hours to contact the company again , and they suggested that I return it to the store.Following their troubleshooting advice , I discovered that the design of the foot electrical-switch mounting and the motor axle bushing are prone to cause problems . And the handle for manual rewounding will be broken when someone -LRB- like the wife or kids -RRB- does not know to push down on the lock for the handle . Must read the manual in detail to know that the lock exist . Manual also suggest the the hose nozzle be removed and the hose be dragged back to the powerwinder before using the electrial winder . Hoping for a no-cost refund .
 Bought this about 3 or 4 years ago . My brother-in-law did too . Had nothing but trouble with the foot pedal that activates the rewind.He had the same problem . Tried looking for parts at Suncast , they do n't even have them , Is n't that convenient . No way to replace the switch.It was terrific when it was working right , now it 's a yard ornament . I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS ITEM . .
 Hi , The cheapest part is the plastic hose male threads . I tried 3 hoses and stripped it eventually . I am in my 60 's and do know how to attach a hose and this part is really bad . I like the concept though and will make an attempt to get new threads before I return it .
 yeah , it doesnt unwindyeah , you ca n't leave it out in the rainyeah , you ca n't use it on your own when unwinding ityeah , you need to guide it when winding or it tangles upbut it does do its job ... kindatwo stars !!
 After spending hours and hours of adjusting , recharging and straining my back trying to pull the hose out -- I give up.I bought this winder last year and struggled with it for one season.This spring I tried to deal with it again and after another 5 to 6 hours of adjusting and internet time trying to figure out how to fix it ... . it will not work.The switches inside will not engage properly to get the motor to work . The belt that winds it will not release to let you unwind the hose.I have just put this item in the one place it belongs - in the trash.DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY ON THIS PIECE OF JUNK/CRAP . I GOT SCREWED .
 Do not buy this reel . Its impossible to unwind , I literally have to put one foot on the reel and pull with all my strength to get the hose to unwind . I use so much force that I have to put my foot on the top , otherwise the whole unit will pull with it . I 've tried two different hoses and three different times . My back was soar after each time . I 'd love to return this POS if I can . -LRB- i 've followed all instructions word for word , from start to finish -RRB- .
 I loved my 2-year old powerwind reel -LRB- same model -RRB- , worked perfectly , and ordered a second last summer . It was impossible to pull out the hose . I compared the belts on the older and newer reels , and discovered the interior measurement of the new belt was 1 '' smaller than that of the belt in my first reel -LRB- 17 '' instead of 18 '' -RRB- . Customer service acknowledged a change in manufacturer had resulted in problems , and sent me a new belt . Still 17 '' and too tight . Customer service has not returned my call asking for an 18 '' belt replacement . The reel is useless without it .
 You can not unwind the hose - it is virtually impossible . We have tried everything and still no luck.Last year we bought a different brand and absolutely loved it , this one is TERRIBLE.Would give it NO stars if that was even possible .
 This is a horrible hose reel . I bought for my elderly mother thinking what a great invention ... . step on the peddle and the hose rewinds ... . the problem is you ca n't get the hose out ! Even my son and husband tried and unless 2 people are holding the reel down and a VERY strong person is pulling the hose out , it 's next to impossible to get the hose out . I tried 3 different styles of hoses thinking it would help . Nothing worked . I 'm shipping back today and paying the cost , DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!!
 It is not too bad for use as a storage box outside but whenever anyone other than my kids sit on it the entire lid/seat bows in and I 'm afraid it going to break . I would n't suggest anyone weighing more than 150lbs sit on it often .
 I bought 2 other storage boxes that work well along with this bench . I feel this selection is not a quality of a product for a few reasons :1 -RRB- the seat slants back a bit so any rain water will drip into the back of the storage .2 -RRB- Since its a bench , you assume 2-3 people should be able to sit on the bench but I sat in the middle with my baby in my arms and the sides -LRB- arms -RRB- of the bench opened out and the whole middle of the seat fell inward . We had a very good laugh but it sure scared the bajesus of our baby . There should be some screw fasteners so the arms can not separate front he seat . This is something I could easily do myself but I will downgrade the usage of this bench and place it on the side of the house as a pool hose and toy holder . Not so much to protect from the rain but the sun .3 -RRB- The product as a hole seams a bit cheap to look at , even as we ordered very nice cushions for it.So I 've ordered a regular park bench style seating to replace this seat.Again I feel the storage boxes I 've purchased from Suncast look and work nicely but the bench , not so much .
 Although the bench is wide enough for 2 people , the bench does n't support 2 people ! The quality of plastic is thin & bows easily . I began to worry as I assembled the bench because in sliding the pieces together , the plastic was not rigid and was difficult to fit together - the pieces kept flexing.We bought this bench to use on our pontoon boat . Whenever 2 people sit on it , the plastic bends & the seat falls in ! We end up sitting on the edge just to make sure the seat does n't fall in again . And it does n't matter if it 's 2 adults or 2 children - the seat still falls in ! Embarrassing for our guests , as well as for us . Very disappointed .
 not the best buy i have donesave your moneyvery cheaply madebought all 3 pcsall made the same way
 We bought this item to use for storage -LRB- as it was intended -RRB- . Whenever it rains everything inside gets wet . We thought the purpose was to keep things stored and dry . The water just sits in container until we empty it . Would not recommend it for outdoor use .
 This is the worst rip off I have ever purchased . It is flimsy , and it was embarrasing when my NOT OVERWEIGHT niece sat on it and the seat collapsed and she fell into the bench . The pegs on the side bend , the bench does not keep water away from the inside . Overall this is the worst product I 've purchased online , and I purchase many items on line .
 I easily assemble many products but this was a DIFFICULT product to put together . The so called snap in place pieces kept popping apart . EVERY time you got one side together the other side would pop apart . My pieces did not snap into position and I finally needed 3 people to really force and maneuver the pieces together resulting in a small break and the pieces never did totally snap into place . The main problem was the bottom and sides did not snap together , they seemed to `` rest in place '' but did not hold , making it nearly impossible to snap the other pieces on . I also tried a rubber mallet , as recommended by another reviewer but that did not work at all and i would n't suggest it . I would recommend another product . For this to be a truly useful and excellent product it needs to truly `` snap '' in place and assemble with ease . Also It is not very sturdy and many of the little snap-in pieces never did SNAP into place .
 I can only say that the second large piece needed for assembly is n't in the box ... so one star for now .
 Despite seeing mixed reviews , I ordered the Sunset PB6700 Patio Bench and received it yesterday . The instructions seemed easy and staight forward . However , I began to second guess myself when the pieces did n't fit together like they should . The warning about the customer being responsible for breaking parts during installation caused me to be particularly cautious . If I had n't used a rubber mallet -LRB- as suggested in an earlier review -RRB- , I 'd still be working on the assembly or would have broken something . After 30 minutes into the assembly process and still on step one , my wife pointed to a note on the box advising that the assembly could be completed in 5 minutes . That might be possible if the parts fit together like they should , but they did n't . It took me well over an hour to complete the assembly and I was n't satisfied with the way the parts fit together even after that time . The final kicker was that the assembled bench was smaller that I anticipated and was n't large enough to store the cushions for the futrniture on our deck . I ended up moving the assembled bench to our lower patio where there are fewer cushions that need to be stored . I moved up a larger but less attractive plastic storage box from our patio to the deck . The Patio Bench is reasonably attractive and ok in its new location . However , it does n't seem real sturdy and I doubt that it will be water tight . My guess is that buying this product is hit or miss . If the plastic parts are precisely manufactured and have n't warped , it may be easy to assemble , sturdy and water tight . If not , oh well . . Amazon Purchased
 My father-in-law purchased this product for storage at his in-law apartment at my residence . Naturally , my hubbie and I had the lack of pleasure assembling this cheap piece of garbage . It 's been an hour and the pieces do not go together smoothly ! I would not recommend this product to anyone !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 this was a terrible product to put together
 The parts are rather ill fitting and warped . The illustrations in the directions could be better . Finally got it together and it 'll work , I guess . I do n't expect it to last long , we 'll see . Not as durable as I expected , not likely to buy another product from this company .
 I purchased this bench about three weeks ago and side part cracked right away . Ill fitting lid and generally just a peice of junk . I just got a Rubbermade bench and put it together in under four minutes , extra time taken because of Newfoundland helping . Very sturdy , no thin parts to crack . I am stuck with the Suncast as it is never worth a return on a larger item , but it is a good lesson . Rubbermade has always had a good name and I should have remembered that and searched it out first . I also paid less for the Rubbermade -LRB- $ 99 @ Ace Hdwr -RRB- and would have paid more for it to get such a better product , and got free sh for pick up at local store . I had been looking online at the Suncast storage shed and read reviews here how it was not so good . I should have taken that into account as to the quality of their products . Buyer beware . I am going to get another Rubbermade as I am sure the Suncast will not last down at the lake and I want this Rubbermade for my deck . Hope this helps , I love the Amazon review site , it really helps to get the straight info from real shoppers , not salespeople .
 I purchased the Suncast Patio Bench about a month ago - I had planned on using it to store our patio chair cushions when it rained . And , although the cushions did fit into it nicely , when we had our first rainfall all of the cushions got sopping wet and there was about 6 '' of water in the bottom.This may be fine if you 're just looking to purchase something that will go with your outdoor decor for some extra seating , but if you plan on using it to protect your cushions -LRB- or any other items -RRB- from the rain , I would not recommend it.Because of the problems we had with this Suncast Patio Bench , I wound up purchasing the Suncast Deck Storage Box with Seat & Gas Spring Lid Mechanism and this one works wonderful ! It 's not only a lot roomier , but it keeps everything in it protected from the elements .
 This bench/storage leaks like a sieve . Had rain on Monday , and did n't check it for a couple of days , and all the cushions were mildewed ! Had too turn it over to dump the water ! OK for outdoor toys but not cushions ! Would return it if it was n't so much trouble to take it apart .
 I paid 91.74 each . I bought 2 . Very very disappointed , Very flimsy , If a adult sat on this I think it would collaspe . Chair cushions are way to big to fit . Small storage . I buy a lot on Amazon and this is the first time I regret my purchase . These should sell for no more than 39.99 tops .
 having purchased the suncast patio benchbecause it was long enough to store our camp chairsand assembling a snap together bench made of plasticI placed it on our deck and placed the fold up campchairs inside , then came the rain about 2 inches per hourthe next day I went out and sat on the bench and fell throughnot only was I a little upset at the seat/lid caving inthere was water inside the storage space and the fold up chairs were wet.if you buy this product remember it is not water tight and you betterbe careful sitting down you might end up in the storage area .
 This product is flimsy and not water tight . The first one I got was warped and missing a major piece -LRB- returned it -RRB- . The next one I sat on after putting it together and it almost fell into itself -LRB- returned it and gave up -RRB- .
 This product was packaged well and I put it together in 15 minutes . However , it is NOT water tight . I put it together and put it out on my back porch . That night it rained . I went out the next morning and looked inside the storage area . There was about three gallons of water inside . So I have a nice plastic seat , however , I can not use it for what I wanted , which was keeping my charcoal in it .
 while it was easy to put together , it is alraady warped in less than one month ! I wanted this item for 5 years and it wasn ' f what I thought !
 Damaged in multiple places from shipping . No packaging in box to protect the very flimsy material during shipping . Pieces still fit together pretty easily even with warping and damage . Looks OK and felt sturdy enough for sitting as long as the person does not shift weight around . Would have rated a 3 without shipping damage because of the cheap material and poor fitting lid/seat .
 This is not a very good product . They are a lot of ones on the Market that are bigger and a lot more durable than this for less money . Do not waste your money on this ...
 I purchased this unit brand new . It would not start . I took it to a Husqvarna dealership and they stated it had bad gas and Husqvarna would not cover this under warrnaty . I told them I put brand new gas in it and they stated that Husqvarna puts gas in them to test and they obviously had bad gas or left it stored outside and casued varnish . Beware of Husqvarna products .
 I have had this chain saw for a few years with only ocasional use -LRB- 4 hours total -RRB- . I always drain the gas between uses and it has started and worked reliably until today . About an hour into my work I heard an rattling sound and turned off the machine . One of the two bolts that secures the muffler had fallen off and the other was loose . I tried to use the saw with one bolt but it quickly loosened and I ended up stripping the threads on the engin block with all my tightening . I spent a few hours looking for a replacement bolt , but Husqvarna is not well suported with repair shops locally.My advise is make sure you have a local shop that repairs the saw that you buy .
 This product works for a while then just rusts and locks to the connection.This product stinks . It was delivered quickly , and I 'm sure the seller is honest an well intentioned . Just did n't work for me.Skuter
 I was delighted to find a weather proof feeder , and even happier that it got great reviews -LRB- something I always look for -RRB- . BUT ! None of my birds can figure out how to get to the seed . They keep landing on the ring ABOVE the tray that they are supposed to perch on . They can see the food from there , but fly off after they ca n't find any feeding ports there . I tried sprinkling seed all over the bottom tray , but all that did was get them there to eat that seed , then they fly off without learning how to reach the seed inside the feeder . So sure , it keeps the seed dry . But after 4 months , I 've yet to see a bird actually figure out how to get to the seed . A waste of money for me .
 We set two of these up and hung them exactly as instructed . The yard had plenty of yellow jackets , as usual , and these traps attracted none - nada - zero . After three months the strings to hold them up rotted and broke . These are junk , a complete waste of money and time . AMAZON SHOULD DROP THIS ITEM !
 We used this hose on our Roadmate grill about 12 times over the past year . It worked just fine but then it just quit passing gas . Took it to a local gas shop and they say it is not fixable , must replace the end fittings due to corroded safety device or buy a new one . using it 12 times is not a good value . . Note of caution for other owners . Make sure to always bring along a portable tank so you will be able to continue cooking when the hose fails . .
 This hose worked great for our first year of camping . For our second year it did not work at all . It does not allow gas to pass through it even though it appears normal . Do Not buy .
 we purchased this hose for our ogrill . It worked great for 3 times . On the fourth try it would n ; t work at all . We switched propane tanks to be sure it was n't that . We then hooked up a portable tank directly to the Ogrill and it worked perfectly .
 Purchased this item in 2007 and all was great . Used for tailgating at football games , BBQ 's , camping etc. . One time and during a football game , the flame would not stay lit . As if there was something clogging the hose . When disconnecting after it failed , there was pressure built into the hose . I called the manufacturer and they did not help.Happen to anyone else ?
 It did not last . Used it 3 times and 4th time it would not let gas through . Replaced with local company product that we have used a couple dozen times since
 I purchased this hose in June of 2011 . By May , 2012 it no longer worked ! With the number of similar complaints about this product , Amazon should stop selling it ! As an earlier reviewer suggested , I purchased The Buddy Connection , 12ft Propane Hose Assembly from Tractor Supply Co. , for $ 24.99 and it works GREAT with my gas grill !
 This does n't fit the fire pit I got . It says that this is the one to buy with it but it is NOT THE RIGHT SIZE ...
 Used three times last year . Brought it out this year and the hose is bad . Just like other reviews , it will not allow propane to flow . Stay away , this is n't cool for a lightly used product .
 I have gone through 5 + of these over the past 2 years . For some reason , they work as long as they are not unhooked . Once you unhook them , they seem to rarely work again . There is something about the propane tank fitting that will no longer pass gas . I have read that some of them simply corrode shut.Not a good value .
 I was only able to use this hose once . The second time I could not get any gas flow to my O-grill . Luckily I still had a half of a disposable tank left , which worked fine . I 'm very disappointed with this purchase .
 Hose stopped working after a few times hooked up between a 10 lb propane tank and a Magma grill . Determined it was the grill end of the hose 's safety release . Not possible to fix .
 I required a 10PSI regulator for my application so I purchased this regulator . I have found that I need to close the control valve on the regulator to allow my generator to run properly . The generator requires 10PSI of propane to operate properly and by having to close the control valve on the regulator either the valve is NOT outputting 10PSI or there is a problem with my brand new generator . At this time I am holding both in question hence the two stars for the regulator -LRB- generator got two stars as well -RRB- . I will update this review once I find out which item is the culprit .1 / 16/2013 UPDATE.Well I 've used the generator and regulator during a power outage and they both worked well . I did however still need to adjust the valve shut off slightly to achieve the 10PSI my generator required . I would recommend this regulator ONLY because the regulator has a shut off that can be used if the output pressure is n't as low as you might need it .
 The arm of this chair completely broke off the 2nd time it was used . The man that used it is average size - 5 ' 8 '' and 180 lbs . I guess it was n't made for an adult male . I would never buy it again .
 I 'm on my third one of these pumps in five years . I start my waterfall up in late April and shut it down around Halloween . The pump over-winters in my heated laundry room . All three pumps have failed during their second summer . The third and current pump just went Tango Uniform this week -LRB- Mid June 2012 -RRB- . In other words , this means that I get about 9 months of duty time out of the pump before a failure that costs me one-third of the price of a new one.The failure is always the same , the bottom -LRB- PLASTIC ! -RRB- shaft on the impeller shears off , which releases the high-RPM magnet to rattle around inside the windings . In two of my three failures , including the most recent one -LRB- three days ago -RRB- , the impeller trashed the -LRB- PLASTIC ! -RRB- upper bushing mount in the cover . It had * less * than nine months duty time.The company is virtually impossible to contact , and when you do manage to get someone -LRB- via email -RRB- , they are dismissive , rude , and -LRB- duh ! -RRB- unhelpful.My plan is fix this pump , then purchase a much less expensive 2000gph pump that has a three-year unconditional warranty .06 / 25/2012
 I brought Mag-Drive 9.5 from BigAlsonline.com as return pump for my 100 gallons mix reef about 6 months ago . One day i found the pump stop working and I took it apart realized the Ceramic shaft was broken.Then I go to their website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- To filled out warranty request . Waited for a week and do n't hear anything from them . And I continue email for next six times and they just ignore you and never responded ... If you decide to buy one of those Mag-Drive pump and I wish you luck ... . Their customer service are non exist and their warranty do n't worth a dam.Oh . . The product manual state the propeller warranty is a year and the pump body are three years warranty ! It 's a JOKE !!
 Thought I was getting a deal . The outside diameter of the tubing is too small to secure fittings -LRB- elbows , end caps -RRB- . Could n't secure tubing with compression rings because of its thin material.Now I see the Rainbird product is only $ 1.00 more.Can I returns this after having cut it into the lengths I needed ?
 As soon as I can find a box , I need to send it back . I wish I had purchased the right one ... it delayed a scheduled garden job .
 I will not do that again . Freight cost was way too much and it took forever to arrive.I thought paying 3 times more than the product cost would result in quick delivery ... WRONG !
 I purchased 3 koverroos covers . They are light weight . I love the beige color and the fact that they are breathable.But beware they are NOT waterproof !!! My patio bench , my bistro set and my patio dining set that were all covered by Koverroos were all wet when I removed the covers this morning . It defeated it 's purpose as they were not protected against the rain .
 The holes where the seeds are to come out are far too small ! Bad investment . I thought the design of the feeder was workable but could n't judge how small the holes were .
 The design of this device is such that there is a larger than needed gap between the pool surface and the device , because the wheels are too big or mounted too low . So the large gap makes it so it does n't do a very good job sucking things up . Returned .
 This heavy duty vacuum is not as heavy duty as it appears . The handle on this vacuum looks like chrome plated plastic , but it may be metal , since I do n't want to break it to see . It allows for good suction and the wheels appear sturdy . The biggest complaint we have with it is that it does n't have any brushes on it . It picks up loose stuff but does n't brush and loosen the dirt or anything else that may be hugging the pool sides and bottom . My last cheap manual vacuum from Lowes had brushes and did a much better job . Unfortunately , Lowes manual vacuums did n't have brushes on them the last time I checked .
 I ordered this because it looked to be a heavier duty product than the plastic ones . It is flawed by both poor design and choice of materials . When it arrived , one of the metal weights had detached from the plastic sweeper because the screw holding it down had pulled through the plastic . When I tried to remove one of the other weights , I pushed the screw through the plastic with only a light force . The problem is that the weights are secured by a single screw with a small heat which concentrates the force of the weight causing the flimsy plastic to fail . A better solution would have been to put a couple of screws in or at least a washer to distribute the force over a larger area .
 The backing is stiff which severely restricts the blanket 's flexibility and the ability to fold it . It 's supposed to provide the waterproof barrier , but it cracks after being folded just a couple times , so does n't even do that . The blanket is more like 60x70 inches , smaller than the 68x82 stated in the description . All around piece of crap !
 I bought this mat with high hopes and was thoroughly disappointed !! I followed the washing directions the day that I got it so it would be clean and ready to use for my 8 month old baby . The plastic backing on it is so cheap and brittle that it was completely destroyed in the wash . Big holes all over ! Also , extremely difficult to wrap back in the original position to make the shoulder strap work , and when you do , the velcro is not strong enough to keep it closed . Altogether terrible product -- I wish I could get my money back !
 I received two of these for Christmas last year and just loved them . My husband and I used them for our first picnic last week and they were great . Waterproof and easy to carry , but not so easy to re-fold without getting dirty . I took them home and washed them for the first time
 I received two of these for Christmas last year and just loved them . My husband and I used them for our first picnic last week and they were great . Waterproof and easy to carry , but not so easy to re-fold without getting dirty . I took them home and washed them for the first time
 The backing seems to be waterproof as advertised . The padding is almost non-existent , and it feels flimsy overall . Definitely overpriced .
 Bought this Picnic Blanket about 18 months ago.Used it 2 , maybe 3 times.The backing is already falling apart . Poor quality , very disappointed .
 Notice that when this is folded up , the decorative side is on the OUTSIDE ! This means that , when you lay it out to fold it up , you have to put the soft side down on the WET GRASS !! Horrible !!!!
 This griddle was too big for my Q200 , there was no way to know because there was no size dimensions
 This product should get a zero ! Notice that it does not even tell what grill it fits on ! Notice that even the three positive reviews do n't even mention what Weber Q grill model they are using it on ? Whay is that ? It makes me a little suspect of the reviewers . Is leaving out what grill it fits the trap for more to be sold to people who do n't even have the grill it fits?Someone please correct these things . I 'm surprised Weber does n't keep an eye on these misleading listings?I have a Weber Q-320 by the way.DC
 The feeder arrived totally broken , mostly because it was sent with the worst mail order packing job I have ever seen . Huge box with about 2 yards of brown paper barely wrapped around a birdfeeder that obviously bounced around in a smashed box . In addition , the feeder was very poorly constructed , thin plastic , with each tube made of two pieces of plastic loosely glued together and one piece had totally snapped near base . I would never consider ordering this feeder again . Amazon needs to figure out a way to do a better packing job at Christmas , especially if using UPS since they treat packages so badly .
 Bought this product to edge around flower beds . Does n't work all that great . Blade is not sharp enough to cut though grass/grass roots and sharpening it will destroy the coating that prevents it from rusting . Requires using more effort than necessary to cut a nice edge and most of the time , does not create a crisp edge . Would probably work well if the blade was sharper .
 I ca n't remember where I purchased this -LRB- Walmart , etc. . -RRB- , but it was definitely NOT money well spent . I do n't know how they can label this as `` spill proof '' , as that 's all it does is spill . It may not spill out of the gas can on its own , but try putting gas into something - gas runs everywhere BUT into the piece of equipment you 're trying to fill up.The self-venting / `` spill proof '' mechanism works by you rotating it , and then pulling the large outside ring towards you . As you do this , you have to try to get the hard plastic nozzle down and into the item you 're filling without any of the gas coming out - MUCH trickier than it sounds . I 'd rather spend an afternoon trying to figure out the Rubik 's cube than this piece of junk.Save your money and spend it on one of the other more expensive gas cans that got better reviews . I bought this one and the 1 gallon can for my weed trimmer . I have n't even used the 1 gallon can because the 2.5 gallon can is so awful .
 I do not often write reviews for products but this one demands comment.One other reviewer said that it worked perfectly . No blackbirds , bluejays , or squirrels could get the seeds . That is very true . It is also very true that most other birds just do not seem to be smart enough to get up under that clear dome and feed!Our place is out in the woods in Maine and we had tons of pretty yellow wild canaries , nuthatches , chicadees , sparrows , even occasional titmouses and cardinals . As soon as I put this Fortress Feeder up we dropped to almost no birds visiting the feeder!The few birds , mostly sparrows , that did figure it out seemed to have a serious problem landing on those perches . The design does not allow them to lean forward upon landing and they seem to have trouble keeping their balance.I waited a week to see if the birds would learn , but nothing changed . The birds just did not visit.I bought a $ 9.95 carrosel style hanging feeder and replaced the Fortress . In less than an hour the birds were back . By that evening they were ringing that new feeder until dark.The idea for this feeder is good and it certainly looks great , but it just does not work for us .
 This bird feeder looked liked the solution to our problem with the squirrels , unfortunatley it is also the solution to the birds we have had the feeder up for a month , and the birds can not figure out how to enter it , they stand on it , sit on the pole it is hanging on , but can not get into it . Very disappointed , but it does keep the squirels off .
 I bought this feeder as a replacement for another feeder . I believe it would indeed deter squirrels but , as some other reviewers have said , birds may not be able to figure out how to get the to the seed . I 've only had mine up a week but I plan to get something else as I 'm afraid the birds will go elsewhere . Also , I did n't realize that birds like cardinals would be too large to use this feeder .
 It kept the squirrels away as promised but also the birds . They could see the seed but did n't know that they would have to duck under the plastic bell to get to the ports . In 3 days I saw only one sparrow figure it out . Very disappointing !
 The design of this feeder is nothing short of ridiculous . The clear plastic baffle portion that flows away from the feeder to keep the squirrels off does n't stay in place . There 's no solid clipping mechanism to hold it as pictured . It just flops down and , as if that is n't bad enough , it rests on the perches so the weight of it closes the seed openings . I returned it the day I received it without even putting seed in it ! That 's how glaring the problem was .
 this Perky pet squirrel proof feeder , I suppose did stop them getting at the food while it was hanging . but I watched them jump up and down on it until the feeder fell apart , falling to the ground . I had to glue it together and then they did it again . The top does not stay clipped on . I saw no birds on it at all , all I did was attract squirrels ... I now have all the squirrels in my neighborhood in my garden . waste of money . . sorry !!
 I had to get this twice . Both times the plastic shaft was cracked.The birds never seem to find the seeds until I removed the shelter part . The squirrel proof worked fine - squirrels did n't seem to get to the seeds . I tried for inexpensive and that is what I got .
 Feeder hung for 2 weeks , NO Birds !! One squirrel knocked it off the tree , broke the feeder , and down the tubes with this purchase . THANKS !! DO NOT BOTHER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000GGQ8DQ/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 We paid $ 48.95 for the premium cover , item # 9986 and we got item # 7455 which sells for $ 35 . Returned it and buying it on ebay instead .
 Very poor quality ... pulled it out of the box and noticed one of the brushes was laying in the bottom of the box . At first , I thought that it was odd that one extra brush is provided as a replacement . Then looked under the vacuum head and saw that a brush was missing and when I put the stray brush into place it became apparent the plastic clip that holds it in place was already broken . Hard to believe those plastic clips could hold up for long after a few uses.In this case , less hassle to just super glue it into place rather than exchange it as a new one would do the same thing in a short amount of time .
 The vinyl liner around the perimeter of the base fell off within weeks . The plastic dowel connecting the swivel arm to the base recently broke , after less than a year of ownership and hardly any use . It is now useless , and considering the price I paid -LRB- ~ $ 25 at a home improvement store -RRB- , I am not impressed .
 Item works good but in deeper pools has trouble staying on bottom not enough bristles on it and the bristles seem too short . I used it in our inground pool on deep end it was kindy hard to keep on bottom
 It 's stick to the pool and ca n't move unless turn off the pomp . So I try to move after get stuck and it broke . It 's my pomp to strong ? 1hp , I doubt.So I could not use and I do n't know how anybody could used because will stick to the bottom of the pool . Maybe you could used on the walls only ...
 It works well vacuums up bottom of my pool well so for that reason I gave it a 2 . I have used it only twice and I noticed there is a small crack which appears to be inside the blue plastic area . I have not abused it or dropped it so I believe it is a defect in the plastic . For the price I guess I ca n't expect a high quality item . I am sure it is made in China like about everything else anymore . Good old American made high quality items are a thing of the past .
 Very disappointed . Vacuum does not have enough bristles on bottom . Very small cleaning path , took forever to vacuum pool !! Priced and made cheap !!!!
 Pretty good concept but it does not work as well as described . Save your money and buy a regular vacuum and you will be ok .
 I used a piece of PVC and I cut a piece of `` pool vacuum hose '' and clamped it to the end of the pvc . Then I cut a V shaped slit in the pool hose , wide at the mouth , narrow at the clamp , slit face down toward the bottom of the pool when in use . This contraption I made does a better job than the liner vacuum I purchased , which seems to have too much surface area for the puny pump that comes with the temporary summer pool I used it on . -- which I realize is most of the problem and with a real pump and filter the results would likely have been MUCH better .
 I expected the wheels to be bigger ... they are so small they are useless and I wind up carrying it to clip afterall , which defeats the purpose . The handle could be longer , too . Overall , it 's not like the one I had years ago and I 'm disappointed .
 So disappointed the lavender plants never bloomed . They grew about 5 inches tall and that 's it . It was my first attempt growing lavender , so we 'll see what happens this year . Shipping was good and the plants were well packaged .
 Hound Dog Products Planting Auger #HDP 9-6I could n't believe I would n't get some usefulness from my newly purchased Hound Dog auger , as the areas i wished to plant are recently tilled and planted -LRB- I am putting in end-of-summer replacement color -RRB- , and found this auger stalled out before cutting through hair-fine roots near the surface . Arrrrgh . The wrenching of my wrist when the auger froze my 18v drill was worse then if I had dug the hole by hand . I tried different speeds , and practiced in different soils around the garden to no good effect . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ITEM !!!!! I wish I 'd read the previous review before my purchase , and can only OSH will reimburse me when they see the length of the register tape upon which this item was purchasedl
 I bought this cover from Amazon in the spring of 2009 . Several weeks ago , after 2 years of use , the material began to disintegrate , so forget about it `` lasting for years '' unless that means 2 years.Our barbecue is exposed to sunlight , but I was still hoping to get more use out of this cover . Not sure if I will buy another one or try to look for one made of sturdier material .
 Looks nice and feels nice when you first get it , but it is definitely not UV resistant . Based on past experience , I 'd expect at least two years out of a non-Sunbrella fabric . The cover first tore after about four months outside , but I thought I might have pulled it against a sharp edge on the grill when I removed it . I could n't find a sharp edge , but was careful with the cover after the first tear `` just in case '' . Well , after another four months it was useless . Ripped if you looked at it wrong . Do n't buy this product .
 This TOOL will completely Tool your back ... It stands below waist high . You have to bend over the entire time that you work with it . I should sue the designer ! Any normal , fit adult plannning to aerate your lawn with one of these will be in utter pain the next day , trust me . Forget about getting this one for old Dad .
 Unfortunately I thought the product was overpriced for the quality received . I found one for the same price at a hardware store that had a gage built in that measured the water going through . This would let you know when enough water had passed through for a small , medium or large shrub , and the same for different size trees . This one is simple bare bones .
 It seems to cut . I developed `` good style '' with it . But when I went to remove the grass I edged , it appears that the blade only pushed down the tougher `` runners '' . Yes , I removed the blade guard ! Yes , I edged 3 times , trying to get as close to the concrete as possible.Still , I had to use a short-handled shovel to scoop it , and it would lay over itself . That is when I saw it was n't really cutting it all . Maybe the blade needs to be deeper . So , I had to really hit it with the shovel to cut it.I could 've saved my money and used the shovel itself . Funny , the shovel is made by the same company !
 I sort of like this product but do n't love it . It does as promised to a point -- you step on it and it edges -- but i had to go back over my grass with a power edger to clean up what i missed with the steppin edger.The nice thing is it requires no gas , makes no noise and emits no smoke . The bad thing is it just does n't work as well as a power unit .
 Although well made , I couldnt work with it at all . You have to pick it up after each edge , bend over , put it in place and step on it -LRB- you can not slide it along -RRB- Just another thing for my yard sale pile .
 Looked like a neat tool . Totally useless on a regular lawn , maybe if you have a golf green lawn with a sand foundation it would work great . If you have normal 2-3 '' lawn grass it doesnt work worth a damn , you practically have to jump on the thing to get it through the grass . Neat idea but it doesnt work , the positive reviews on this thing must be company hacks trying to make their products sound better than they are .
 I could n't figure out how to get this stuff out of the bottle easily . I finally poked a larger hole in it and let it just run out into a measuring cup . After getting it all set up and in the feeder the hummers shunned it in favor of another feeder with only clear necter . Save your money and make your own necter with sugar , its easier !
 I purchased this product from a local garden supply store . I have made 2 batches of the nectar , following the directions extremely carefully the 2nd time to make sure I did n't screw up on the first batch ... and no birds this time either . They fly right by it barely even stopping to take a look and go to the neighbors feeder . Waste of money ... back to making my own .
 The item delivered WAS NOT the item shown on the web page . Very aggravating . Cost too much to return ship to bother with .
 WEll its been over a month and the product has still not arrived . In the meantime , rather than let my little bird friends go hungry , I bought a similar product locally for less .
 Unfortunately , for the price you pay this product is a horrific waste of money . Made In China is the theme here and it shows throughout . Save your $ $ and look at the Coleman CL1300 12 volt 20 watt Battery Solar Panel Charger which far surpasses this is value and quality . Trust me do n't spend your money on this !
 I have other products by the same manufacturer and thought this would be great . The attachment to hold the `` catch-bag '' on does n't stay in place . The bag falls off everytime I try to use it . Junk !
 I bought a poop hound and the implement was great . Unfortunately I lost the little bag holder and was unable to get a replacement from the store I purchased it at or the manufacturer . I tried emailing them , calling them and writing them , I never heard anything back at all . So much for their life time replacement policy . I would n't recommend buying an item that the manufacturer does n't have the courtesy to respond to the customer to try an resolve a problem.Don ' t know if this review prompted them , but they finally sent me the part I lost . Again , the implement is great I was just not satisfied with their service .
 This product works the way it 's described ; however , if the bag gets too heavy , which is very quickly , it falls off , and usually into another pile of poop . Also . the edges of the bag that are turned around the bag holder get smeared with poop , so you ca n't really avoid getting poop on your hands if you try to tie the bag shut .
 Am I allowed to return this thing with poop all over it ? For one thing , you have to handle the scooping area to put a new bag on it which , as you can imagine , gets covered in poop . Also , if you have a large dog as I do , the poop is heavy enough to pull off the piece on the back that keeps the bag attached . So on my very first use I had dog doo on my hands . I was not happy . It went straight into the trash . What a waste of money !
 this product is the worst ever . it is extremely difficult to have a clean pickup . It is the worst and most expensive product for poop scooping i ever bought . i would never recommend it .
 I have had my HDP5-4 Pooper Scooper for about a month and must admit I purchased it due to the many positive reviews here . However I have found it less than effective . I have two Labs and therefore , considerable poop . When cleaning the back yard , I can only scoop about 4 piles into the bag and the bags pop off . It does n't seem to hold the weight . Also , if the grass gets a little longish , I find it difficult to scoop the poop into the bag . The rake part does n't seem to separate the poop from the grass very well . The first couple of scoops go fine , then I end up with the old two-piece shovel and scraper thing I have been using . Maybe there 's a technique I have n't figured out yet , but I tilt it forward as suggested , and it certainly does n't `` fly '' into the bag as other people have described . I think I will go back to the simple two-piece scooper set I originally had .
 If the quality would actually hold up then I would 've given it 5 stars but after only a few uses the pin in the handle broke rendering it completely useless . I contacted the seller to see if they sold replacement parts but they do not and I would have to buy a whole new product . How can they not carry and sell extra pins ??? This has to happen from time to time and who wants to buy a whole new thing . We tried a few different things to get it to work right again but nothing would help so I ended up throwing it away . Now I have a ton of bags and no scooper .
 The first time I used this product the scooper part that held the bag in place fell apart . I tried again with the same result . I threw it in the garbage the next day , it was useless . The scooper part is flimsy and wo n't hold any reasonable amount of poop . Do n't waste your money on this product .
 I purchased this for my father , who is in his 80 's . He has trouble bending over to pick up the dog poop . However , the handle is too difficult/hard for him to operate . You might want to consider this before purchasing .
 Couple of years ago I bought a cheap mister box at my local Atwoods and recently decided to replace them with a nicer set . I bought 4 boxes of these for myself and my neighbor . What an awful idea that was and a waste of money . They look nice when coming out of the box but once you put them up they leak really badly . It looks like the tubing is just too soft for the design of the mister connectors . After messing around with mine for a couple hours trying to be VERY careful to turn and push the tube in all the way and trimming the ends off and trying over and over I finally gave up . The leaks would just not go away no matter what.I checked with my neighbor because I thought maybe I was just doing it wrong . He is a contractor and had his plumber with him . They had the exact same problems . Leaks everywhere . Probably 60 % of the connections had very steady drips . I contacted the company about this problem before leaving negative feedback about their product . They just told me that I didnt know what I was doing in a very short snippy response . Ive tried to communicate back with them several times and they do not respond most of the time and when they do its a 5 words response . Bottom line is that they dont care . They finally offered to exchange the product for me . I have now sent 2 different responsive emails telling them that I would like to go ahead and start that process and surprise surprise they are not answering me . So I suggest that you look elsewhere if you want a product that does not drip water constantly at the connections.Bottom line
 I own the 6-nozzle misting tower from this company , which works well , but this set does n't seem to work at all . I hooked it up in accordance with the instructions , turned on the water and ... . nothing . The misting tower works fine on the same hose connection , but for some reason , the hose on this kit will fill with water as if it 's pressurizing , but it wo n't start spraying anything until 10 minutes later - and even then , it 's not a fine mist , it 's little spurts and drips . Buy the 6-nozzle misting tower instead - it 's not available on Amazon , but it 's much simpler to set up and use .
 Not at all what I expected ! Does not even work ! The parts are cheap and it does not work for even a second . Im sure not due to any error of my own ! I am dissapointed all around with this !
 We have purchased four of the starter boxes plus the high pressure pump . The installation is easy , they function as described . They , as mentioned in other reviews , drip , average 1 out of 4 . My biggest issue is the lack of customer service . We wanted to rearrange and asked orbit how to unplug the hoses from the brass fittings . No response . Bad habit in today 's market . We will not expand the system and but rather exchange it with another one . For us it 's not only product and price , it 's also important to know that there is customer care . Not with Orbit ...
 I got this and put it together per the instructions , I 'm a pretty handy guy so I thought it would work well . WRONG , it leaks like a sieve from every joint . I had to take the whole thing down ; I had put it up because I 'm a trusting person and silly enough to believe that a new product right out of the box should work . I took it all down but that was easy because the low number of chintzy clips they send are n't very long . I have put Gorilla Glue on all of the joints because that 's a product that I can rely on . That should hold but it 's too bad that an expensive item like this with about five bucks worth of parts that they sell for $ 33 should work.One of the small screw-in misters was missing so I sent them an email , that was never anwered . I guess I 'll plug that hole with more Gorilla Glue.Caveat Emptor
 My wife bought this for me for Christmas and have n't been able to use it yet.After putting it together I find out the screens are way too small.I called customer service and they sent me new screens , but the same size as the ones that came with it.Called customer service back and they hung up on us when they did n't understand our problem.Called back and the woman said to turn the base -LRB- the part that sits on the ground -RRB- upside down.Totally the wrong information and how will that change the size of the screen opening?The instructions are useless and their help very unhelpful.Can anyone help , or do I just take it back and not buy anymore of their products ?
 I just bought this fireplace at my Target store on clearance -LRB- for normal price . -RRB- I got it home and put it together right away . The paint was chipped off on many places . The doors did not fit and the directions told you to do everything backwards . It was totally a different item than what was pictured on the box . Within an hour of purchasing it , it was on it 's way back to Target . I am very disappointed in this item and the fact that they had it grouped with all the clearance items , even though it was normal price . Very tricky !!! I 'll go elsewhere for my outdoor fireplace ...
 I ordered this from target.com . We received the fireplace and it was chipped and damaged like one other user said . After my husband followed the directions - he realized it was wrong - so he had to take the whole thing apart and start from scratch.After one day this thing began to rust like crazy - the screen , trays and frame . -LRB- And it did n't even get rained on -RRB- I now have to paint this with rustoleum I guess . Defiently not worth $ 130 plus shipping was very expensive at $ 80 .
 I bought this fireplace because of its raised platform that keeps the heat away from my deck and for the pull-out drawers to dispose of the ashes . Those features work well.The only downfall of this item -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- is that the easily accesible side screens also let all the smoke blow right into people 's faces if the winds up even a little . You likely would n't have this problem with a chiminea that has sides . But I guess you ca n't have it all.When I set this fireplace up , the top sections were already bent and rusted . Strange for a rust-free material ! I called the 800 number you are supposed to call for parts before you return to store . The rep.I spoke to was less than helpful . She acted as if she had no idea what I was talking about and then demanded that I fax my receipt . I did all that was required and waited two weeks with no parts . I called them back . They said they had no record of my order . I am now re-sending everything and anxiously awaiting what will happen next . What a hassle ! I hope others are more fortunate than I.
 Maybe it 's just me , or maybe it 's the type of grass I have , or maybe it 's the amount of tree roots running through the grass , or maybe it 's because the soil it too wet , or too dry , or too sandy , or too clayish . I do n't know . But I do know that when trying to use this on 600 sq ft of lawn , I had to stop and clean out the holes a couple dozen times . And it 's not easy to clean them out . Takes a combination of screwdriver + hose . This quadrupled the amount of time it should have taken . Perhaps if they had tapered the holes a bit more it would have been ok ?
 I purchased the Hound Dog to help with a few bare spots in my lawn . For the first 5 minutes it worked perfectly . I was able to aerate a small area pretty quickly , but then the clogging started . I would remove the clog -LRB- which is not easy at all -RRB- and then start up again only to get another clog shortly after . I thought that maybe I was getting clogs because the soil was too moist and I decided to try it again on a dryer day only to get the same result . It seems that the clogs can be caused by grass or grass roots as well as moist soil , so unless you are working on an area that has never had grass and at the perfect moisture , you will get frustrated with the clogs . I should have listened to the people who said that this tool was not worth the money instead of those who praised it .
 I purchased this tool thinking that I would save a few bucks and gain a workout by not renting one of the big , expensive and unwieldly aerating machines . The plugs of dirt popped out obediently enough for the first two plunges , then got massively jammed full of dirt . Once jammed full like this , the tool simply punches holes that you could do with a piece of rebar or something similar . I thought perhaps the soil was too dry for this to work so I waited until after a nice rain to try again . After clearing the holes and going out post-rain -LRB- but not too wet -RRB- this thing still jammed immediately . Worse yet , it pulled up large chunks of soil when withdrawing the tool from the dirt . The soil in my yard is wonderful , loamy stuff - I only need to aerate a couple of areas of high traffic - I am not expecting miracles here , but this just did not perform . I ended up sticking an old hay fork into the groud repeatedly . Save your money .
 I grow a 100 % organic lawn and manual tools/procedures are all I use to care for my lawn . Manual reel , Manual edger , Grass shears , Compost , Organic Fertilizer , etc etc. . For 4 years I took a stand and made this lawn a human powered lawn . However , Next year I 'm breaking my stand on saying no to gas powered lawn maintenance and allowing the begging yard contractor to core aerate with the gas toro aerator.Season 1 of Use -LRB- Last Year -RRB- Right out the packaging and to the lawn I went last growing season with the hound dog in hand . I was full of energy and boy did I need it , but that 's not whats wrong with this tool . Being in the south with clay soil will result in pain and defeat . A disclaimer is needed warning southerners about this tool 's ineffective use in clay soil as it repetitively penetrated only 1/4 of an inch deep . I tried this tool when the clay soil was wet , damp , somewhat damp , 100 % dry , and semi dry , but nothing mattered as I followed the dreaded pattern of step , unclog , step , unclog , step , unclog , step , unclog . Fed up I went to the one strip of my lawn that I knew from digging several feet contains the least amount of clay and the the largest amount of softer black soil . The tool worked nicely as the plugs pushed each other out . I was able to get into a groove in this black soil section and work almost to a beat . So back to clay I went and immediately Step , Unclog , Step , Unclog . It got so frustrating that I even sprayed the inner plug pipes with WD40 ... So I finished the lawn in about 3 days with some sections having plugs 3-4 inches deep and the majority of others 1/4 of an inch deep.Season 2 of Use -LRB- June 2010 -RRB- I break out the tool again well aware of its fault . As I used the tool making sure to step into the center , I accidentally picked up a method of rocking side to side and jumping that penetrated deep into the clay , it works nicely and has added to the dreadful routine . The new routine is Step , Rock Left , Rock Right , Rock Left , Rock Right , Jump , Jump , Unclog , Step , Rock Left , Rock Right , Rock Left , Rock Right , Jump , Jump , Unclog . My neighbors must think I 'm an accidental discharge from the loony house . . The bad part is that after approximately 2 + hours in the 90 + degree heat you turn around and quickly realize you 've only properly aerated an area the size of a king size bed . I say properly as in each square foot contains 8-12 holes that are at least 3 inches deep.Ive come to realize that this tool is for non clay owners . So to make that clear , this tool can work on say cool season grass like in the north east . Also it would be nice if the metal handle was covered with soft rubber grips .
 Worked for about three `` pushes '' then one side plugged up . After cleaning out the plugged side it will slightly work another couple times . I measured and found that the entrance diameter of one of the holes is smaller than the other side . I hope that mine does n't work simply for this reason and not because the product sucks in general . It would also be nice if there were four tubes in stead of two but Im sure that might not be practical . Either way , I 'll find myself a small electric aerator rather than take my chances with another one of these .
 Like others mentioned , I have had the same problem with the tubes plugging up . I bought this aerator a couple of years ago and it seemed to do a decent job the first time I used it , albeit a lot of stepping . I 'm in my early 30 's , good health so I actually enjoy the workout . I have about 3,000 square feet of lawn , and spent an hour here , an hour there going over the entire lawn with it . I do remember it clogging up a few times back then , but nothing like what it does now , 1.5 years later . I ca n't even seem to get one plug out of either side at this point . I live in the Northeast and it 's likely my soil has a lot of clay , so that might contribute to the problem like others had mentioned . Also , the latest time I tried it was when the soil was moist , not wet . I 'll make another attempt when the soil dries out a little more -LRB- which is unlikely any time soon here in rainy New England -RRB- . So I called Ames Customer Service , and when finally getting someone on the phone I explained the problem . The woman asked me if I had clay or sandy soil . I told her I 'm not sure , but likely a combination of both . She quickly responded by saying the product does n't work with those types of soil . I retorted , do n't most people have sandy or clay soil ? She chuckled and said `` Ahh , No '' . She then recommended I put oil -LRB- WD-40 -RRB- in the tubes and told me to call back if I 'm still having the problem . Ok , I will try that one , but doubt it will work . I asked her what would you do if I call back and tell you the oil trick did n't work , and she said we 'd have to re-evaluate at that point . I guess they are doing everything they can not to live up to the `` lifetime warranty '' . Based on that and the fact this aerator did n't hold up very long , I feel obligated to give this product 1 star.I 'll try the WD-40 thing , but I wonder if the tube edges get too dull with usage , therefore not making a clean enough cut in order to eject the plugs adequately . I suppose if you have the time , you could sharpen them to find out . As someone else mentioned the cores do seem to put some decent sized holes in your yard , which I imagine is good . I know by not ejecting the cores you are compacting the soil , but I wonder if it 's still providing a benefit since your compacting pretty far down , not the initial sub-surface . I plan on adding some top soil and over-seeding in a couple of weeks and wanted to aerate before then . If anyone has an opinion on whether still using this aerator is providing a benefit without ejecting the plugs when doing that I would appreciate it.There 's an honest review from someone that 's used the product about 4-5 times now .
 I purchased as an upgrade from the regular aerator thinking a coring model would be more beneficial . Come to find that it requires the right medium to work properly . unless your lawn is the right moisture it will either ; not penetrate or impact quickly . So perfect conditions are required . I went back to the regular aerator . Good luck predicting your lawn hardness between watering .
 I got this product based on the many positive reviews and was looking forward to using it , but for me it did not work . After only a few `` pokes '' the soil got stuck in the tubes and I had to clean them out with a screwdriver . I tried again with the same result . The soil was moist but not wet . Maybe it works with bone-dry soil , but in my region -LRB- New England -RRB- it rains more-or-less regularly year round so the soil rarely get that dry . I probably wo n't bother to return it , but I will definitely need to find another way to aerate my lawn .
 Concept is good but unfortunately the soil jams in the cones and has to be cleared too often . Design needs a re-work and fully tested before going back to a market . This product will eventually go broke without design changes.Hound Dog Products HDP3-8 Turf Hound Aerator -LRB- Purchased on 03/07/2010 -RRB- by Hound Dog
 Mine also clogged after the first row -LRB- about 30 plunges -RRB- . I unclogged it and tried again , but the cores did not pop out . First it was one side that was clogged then the other side about 10 times later.The reason for the few stars , is because I called the company on their 100 % guarantee , several times , left 2 messages and have yet to get a response .
 Disclosure
 I have been researching these aerators and ended up having to buy the competitor 's -LRB- Yard Butler -RRB- mostly for the fact that Hound Dog uses the most inappropriate typeface , Comic Sans , for their packaging . This may seem superficial , but I want a tool that is going to be tough and Comic Sans makes it seem like a toy . If they do n't care enough about their product to give it quality packaging , how can I know if they put any effort into making it a quality product?Hound Dog should read this article : http://online.wsj.com/article/SB123992364819927171.html
 I purchased a Hound Dog HDP3-8 coring aerator in April 2010 to aerate some areas where my tow-behind coring aerator ca n't reach . Ive tried to use it for several days now and it just does n't work . My soil is mostly a lightly compacted , sandy loam with varying amounts of humus and is currently slightly moist from recent rain . Rocks , roots , and clay are not generally a problem in my soil . I tried several areas of my yard as well as ranging from slow to fast motion . The only thing thing the Hound Dog does well is plug up . I consider myself lucky if I can get four little plugs out before it plugs up . I find myself spending most of my time unplugging it . I have now converted it into a trellis for a small vine ; the best use I can find for it . I 'll just have to stick with my tow-behind coring aerator since it does work well .
 Ignore the high ratings and do n't buy any product which has so many 1 start ratings . So , who could n't want a product by a company named Hound Dog , where a live person answers the phone , and which does n't pollute the air , and is cheap to boot.Sigh , well I guess that would be me now . Yep , bought 1 , product plugged repeatedly , and upon calling customer service -LRB- very nice but ... -RRB- tried the ` maybe it 's the soil type ' . . ? Me ... well , then why does only 1 cylinder get plugged ? Her
 not sure if it 's the lawn or the tool itself . One side it works fine , the other side always clog up ! one step , un-clog , another step , un-clog again . . frustrating !! it 's strange that only 1 side works . .
 This is a true waste of time if you have any moisture or anything but sand to plung this in . It plugs each and every time . It would work much better if the tubing was tapered so you could at least have a chance of digging the dirt out after each penetration . I gave up and rented an aerator . It worked .
 When it 's out of the pond water shoots out the top -LRB- from the hose -RRB- . Put it in the pond and it does not suck up dirt .
 it is made if plastic and the water pressure kept unplugging the hose . It could work if you worked on it to make it stronger .
 Nice idea in theory . Problem is very poor design for attaching and keeping debris bag attached . Water pressure knocks bag off ! Also bag is thin tears and rips easily .
 First the packaging is the plastic that you must totally destroy to open . Now that its open I attempt to attach it to my NOT INCLUDED STANDARD POLE , which would not fit . So I go to Walmart with the item and their standard poles do not fit either . So at this point I am upset . So I am requesting a refund . Do not waste your money unless you know which pole is needed , which I do n't or have . I also have 2 poles which do n't fit . GARBAGE GARBAGE GARBAGE !!!!
 This item might work in a filtered swimming pool that never got any leaves in it.No good at all as pond vacuum . The input opening is way too small . Any large leaf or stick gets stuck . Do n't waste your money on this as a pond vacuum .
 I ordered a wand extension and got a piece of threaded pipe . When I contacted the seller they stated that is what I bought but if I wanted to use it as a wand extension I could buy the the other parts . The price of the other parts equaled the price of the pipe , doubling the price of what I wanted . I bought the extension from someone else and then had to contact Amazom to get my refund for the returned pipe . Not a great experiance or value and will not buy from this vendor again .
 The label says `` 36 '' Wand Extension '' the picture shows a 36 '' wand extension but what you get is a simple lance , which require additional adapters .
 I searched for `` grill scraper '' and found this product . I like the sturdy wood handle , but `` grill sweeper '' would have been a better description for this product . I need to clean my grill , not dust it .
 This allegedly 7x10 rectangular net was unable to cover my 5 foot by 6 foot pond . I 'd guess the actual dimensions are something like 4 foot by 7 foot . It does n't stretch , either , if that 's what you 're thinking , it tears very easily . Too cheap to bother returning , but beware if you need a pond covered and you need a net that 's actually the size it claims to be .
 I opened the box and pulled the net out only to hear it rip . it was rolled up and ripped as i unroled it.that says it all .
 Do NOT buy this product unless you plan on keeping it well protected indoors and then I 'm not sure it will not rust . I have mine for less than two weeks and it is rusted . The rim on the top and all the sides are rusted . This is JUNK . If I could give it less than one star , I would . In fact , this is more like a minus 10 stars . I guess I 'll have to get a can of Rustolium and spray it but I 'm sure it will not last long . Waste of $ 69.00 . I would love to return it but I do n't think they will take it back after 10 days . Maybe I 'll try anyway before I get the Rustolium .
 This was way overpriced . It is not very well constructed to be out in the elements . It has already rusted .
 I assumed that a silk reproduction of an orchid , from seeing them at friends homes , would look more realistic than this one I purchased through Amazon . It is not nearly delicate enough to fool anyone , so I am quite disappointed .
 Pros : -- The chimes sound pleasant . They 're attractive , too , with dark green chimes and a pale green stain on the wood parts.Cons : -- Requires a strong wind to make them sound . Unfortunately , they 're rather quiet with little sustain , so it 's hard to hear them over the wind unless you are quite close to them . In a good wind , I can hear distant chimes from my neighbors ' yards clearly but am lucky to hear these chimes at all from twenty feet away . -- Made in China
 The grip for the shower head is not firm and will not hold the stream in place . I have been hit by the shower head and/or the shower head will hit the tub . This is a waste because the shower head and the charcoal filter are good products . Consumers do not need extras , just fix the grip .
 I mounted the remote rain sensor less than 25 feet from the main uniit and the remote temperature sensor less than 50 feet away in a visible straight-line run . -LRB- The temperature sensor was visible through a window , main unit resting on window sill . -RRB- Brand new alkaline batteries . Unit failed to maintain communication to both sensors . It works when everything is together on the bench ; when you set it up it fails miserably . I 'm returning it and will try the Oregon Scientific model instead .
 On the plus side , the bubble makes it easy to level . And I 've had no trouble with the distance from the main unit to the remote.On the minus side , it is grossly inaccurate ... as much as 25 % . Usually records on the low side , but occasionally also records on the high side . Also , too many screws to get to the batteries in the main unit.Oregon Scientific is much more accurate , but after a while -LRB- one year for one , three years for another -RRB- it stops working and no troubleshooting works . La Crosse suffered the same fate .
 It is a piece of Chinese junk . I am surprised this product bears the Honeywell name . The outside temperature reading is 10 degrees higher than the real temperature . The rain readings are inaccurate . Only the clock and the indoor temperatures work well . The rain gauge readings quit working and are now dashes and I can not reset them . Very expensive for just a clock and indoor gauge . I do n't want to spend more money returning it because I will probably get another piece of junk .
 This product was a total disappointment . I bought it for my dad , and it was too difficult for him to assemble it . So I got my husband , the Mr. Fix-It engineer to assemble it . He also found it a challenging pain to accomplish . You have to have just the right screwdrivers on hand , and be careful not to lose any little parts . If the batteries go bad , you have to do it all over again.It did n't even work at first , but Mr. Fix-It got it working . That lasted for about 2 weeks . It never consistently measured the rain , or even water we poured in . I 'm with one of the other reviewers ... it is n't even worth returning because I do n't want another one . I would not even want to change the batteries on it .
 What attracted me to this bird feeder was the design as well as the fact that it is all metal and easy to clean . However , I was very disappointed with it because it has been up for two weeks in my yard with black sunflower seeds and none of the birds have gone near it . They are sparrows and other city birds and they are all around except on this bird feeder . I also realized now that the only way for the birds to get to the seeds is through the mesh and I do n't know if that is a problem for them to feed through the mesh . The other bird feeders I 've seen open up when birds land on the perch and they can easily get to the seeds . I would like to return this bird feeder to Amazon and get a different one .
 I bought this feeder because I have several cardinals who eat at my other feeders . The cardinals do not seem to like this feeder . They seldom eat from it . they usually eat at my tube feeders . On the other hand , the neighborhood squirrels do eat from it and my wife and I love to watch them hanging off it as they get the seed out .
 Those little furry grey birds , the ones with the bushy tails , will hang up side down on this feeder and work every sunflower out of the mesh liner in less than a day.It takes about a week to figure this out.So the first week it works fine until the mesh wire lossens up .
 I purchased this feeder and the similar red cardinal feeder for my husband 's birthday in June . The birds love both ! My disappointment with this one is that the top rusted before the end of summer . No rust on the red cardinal feeder . And , for some reason , the bronze feeder is the one that the squirrel visits .
 ... and killed the plant ! I followed the instructions and a week later , the plant was an ex-plant . On the up side
 The handle would n't screw in very well and it broke off the first time it was used . Returned it to Amazon for a refund .
 if you buy this broom plan to purchase a new handle right away . . it 's flimsy and feels like it will break at any second . brush head seems fine , but without a handle it does n't really matter . take a pass on this one and save yourself some aggravation .
 The pump came very fast and was easy to assemble . I have used a uv in the past with great success but this light has done nothing to clear my pond . I followed directions -LRB- pump size etc -RRB- but it has made no noticable improvement . I would not recommend this light .
 i recieved it on time but the plant was about a cm big and shrivelled up . i tried to bring it back but no luck , i dont know if it was the shipping but i paid for a plant that i thought that it was gon na be bigger than a cm , dont think i will purchased from this company again .
 Knocks 'em down for a couple of hours , but long-lasting ? I do n't think so . Better than nothing I guess , but I really do n't care for the chemical smell after use . I doubt it 's gon na do your cows and sheep much good .
 The squirrel baffle has a split that is supposed to allow it to be wrapped around the 4x4 post , but it is very difficult to get it onto the post . When I did get it around the post , one of the four mounting tabs broke off when I was tightening the mounting screws . There was very little weld holding the tab , it looks like it was mostly held in place by paint . I do not recommend this squirrel baffle .
 This works for squirrels but not raccoons . The first night after installing this a raccoon raided my feeder . I have submiited a return with Amazon and will look for something that works on raccoons .
 It worked fine until the spot welds rusted and broke free . After that is was n't worth anything . The steel used for the mounting brackets was so hard a standard drill bit would not drill through it , so I was unable to fix it . It went in the garbage ... such a waste !
 Squirrels still get into the feeder , especially if there is a tree nearby where they can jump .
 It was not as advertised . It did not come with the lighter power cord . I am returning it because that is why I bought it . I need a back lit display so that I can see it at night . This will not stay on because it is battery powered only .
 This item is completely inaccurate . I placed it where recommended , outside the vehicle away from engine heat and wind , and it was 10-20 degrees off at all times . Do n't waste your money !!
 The road pro I was very mad about this product it do n't read the right temp inside or out . Its all ways 10 to 20 degrees off at all times . The only thing that works is the clock
 Sorry folks this product was a huge mistake . It worked as a clock but as far as a warning of freezing conditions , no . Very cheap . Waste of time and money , I returned it .
 Only last a few sprays , but real effective stuff . Just felt like it went to fast to be a bargain . I do not recommend as a good buy
 I 've followed the instructions twice on the same yellowjacket hole . No effect , we still get to watch the nasty critters coming in and out of the hole right by the porch . Bah .
 I received the bottle of spray promptly from the seller , which was great . I had wasps living in the shutters on my house . One flew out and I litterly unloaded 1/4 of the can right into his face . He/she -LRB- it was hard to tell -RRB- immediately dropped to the ground . But then to my surprise got back up and flew away up into a tree . I was mystified . This was repeated several times with the same result . To the sprays credit , the wasps eventually never came back , but did it kill them , no .
 Weld broke on filler cap the first time I opened it . Upon further inspection , I noticed significant flex in the top of the can when the discharge valve handle was pulled . For nearly $ 80 , I expected a can that would last a lifetime of normal use ; this can is poorly made and substandard in all respects.Note
 Last year I purchased two of these cans to use in my motorcycle dealership . Within a year , both cans developed leaks where the nozzle connects to the top of the can , and there does not appear to be a way to fix the leak . The leaks have gotten so bad , that when you go to fill up a motorcycle , the fuel pours out of the cans in a steady stream . I emailed the company with pictures asking for advice on what to do about the leaking cans , but they ignored my request and never responded . Unless you like spending time in the burn unit , I would avoid both this model of fuel can and this manufacturer .
 I was so excited to buy this as a christmas gift . I thought after Hurricane Sandy when we could n't get gas so easily this made a great gift . I read reviews and a couple people said there 's came dented . I figured whats the chance that could happen again , it was probably a fluke . Nope mind came dented also . It was a gift the person i gave it to said it was fine . What a disappointment ...
 I received my order on 4-7-12 and it arrived in perfect condition with no dents or scrapes as other reviewers have encountered . The exterior paint and finish were perfect , and I looked forward to a flawless fuel container that would last a lifetime . Today , 4-9-12 , I took it to the gas station to rinse it out with a couple ounces of gas to remove any residual potential particulate matter inside the can and then fill it with 4.5 gallons of gas to use for both my lawnmower and vehicle . I opened the filler/vent spout and pumped in a quick squirt of fuel to rinse it out . Then I shook the little gas in the can first right side up then upside down with plans to pour the little fuel in the can into my vehicle 's fuel tank . When I turned the can upside down , fuel began squirting in a steady stream from a leak in the fitting where the nozzle most closely attaches to the can . I attempted to tighten this fitting but was unable to do so , it was obviously a defective seal and/or fitting direct from the factory . Despite the high price , I chose this fuel can because it is made in the USA and because of the good reviews I read on Amazon . I am very disappointed.This fuel can is touted as a Type II , meaning it meets the highest standards of safety regulations , although mine leaked profusely at a factory `` sealed '' fitting right out of the box . In defense of Amazon.com though , I must say that they will credit my full purchase price at my request .
 Ordered Eagle can with 7/8 '' spout , recieved can with 5/8 '' spout and big dent in front . Amazon sent one more , still 5/8 '' spout not the 7/8 '' , dent in front and appears to have been dropped hard on the top and nozzel smashed into can , non-usable . Amazon did refund my money so I am pleased about that , I have other Eagle cans they are good , just not when recieved damaged .
 I just purchased this can from amazon and it did come with a dent in the can . The dent does effect the opening and closing of the can which is a clear safety issue with the can . These cans are defective products that amazon is selling . I am waiting to see if they will allow me to return it . I have not and will not use this product . If you are looking for a safety gas can search online instead . I use the `` justright '' brand at my work and it seems to be a much better can . Highly disappointing in amazon for selling such a defect product like this . Those who say the dent will not effect the operation may not know how to use a safety can , but it will scratch the enamel paint . I will wait and hopefully amazon will take it back because I will not buy another eagle brand safety can at this point or at least not from amazon!Update 2/15/10Amazon has sent me a new saftey can which was perfect with no dent and works fine now ! They were great with the response time and sending out a replacement at no cost for shipping and paid shipping back for damaged product .
 The can was dented , and the nozzle look used . Poor quality and packaging ! Will try to return , or cancel credit card payment . Amazon says they do not offer returns on this product . Beware !
 Since I purchased this gas can from Amazon , I was unable to try it out beforehand . Had I been able to do so , I would have taken a pass.I am totally baffled as to how Eagle could manufacture a gas can with such poor ergonomics.First , the pull handle is placed so close to the lift handle that , if you have normal sized hands , you can not readily squeeze the pull handle more than a small distance while gripping the lift handle.Second , the rear loop of the pull handle extends so far back that it contacts the fill spout preventing the pour spout plunger from opening more than a fraction of its full travel . As a result , the pour rate is very low.Third , and the worst , the lift tab on the fill spout gouges your wrist as you try to squeeze the pull handle.No , let me take that back . The worst is that this gas can is not returnable.If you are considering buying this can from Amazon , be sure to check one out at a store to see if your hands are the right size .
 This is an expensive gas can , and it is non-returnable . So I am not amused that it arrived damaged.The box that this can was shipped in was a single layer of cardboard -- not nearly good enough to protect the can . The box got slightly banged up in shipping , not even enough to really notice when I received it -- but the can has a nice substantial dent in it . Also some of the paint had flaked off the bottom rim , and that part of the box was completely fine.This makes me think that -LRB- 1 -RRB- the steel is n't a heavy enough gauge to make the can as tough as I would expect for this price level , and -LRB- 2 -RRB- the paint is n't as well bonded to the steel as it should be.So how long will this can last , even if I get one that is * not * damaged in shipping?I 'm starting to think that the only way to get the quality I wanted is to go into the past . Buy something from Ebay that was made in America in 1950 .
 This gas can should be great considering the price and reviews , but do n't believe it . The handle is strange and can not be fully opened . If that was the only problem , I 'd deal with it , but its not . I went to fill this can up for the first time which I would be using for my landscaping business . After adding the ethanol shield , I started to shake the can to mix it . Gas started flying everywhere . I added plumbers dope and tape to the nozzle threads and tightened the nozzle tight thinking this was the problem . Nope , upon further inspection while trying to put gas in my lawn mower , the factory nozzle connection started dripping gas . Luckily Amazon refunded my money and Eagle will never get another dime of my money .
 After two uses , the flexible spout came apart where the parts are soldered together . I can fix this , but should n't have to on a brand new item . As others have said , the ergonomics are also extremely poor . I would not buy another at any price .
 Highly dissapointed in these cans . Bought 2 , Bought for speed , figureing the vent would provide it , Wrong , their twice as slow as the ones without vents . Whole lotta money wasted , as I went back to useing my old unvented cans . I ` d like to return them and get my money back !!!
 I bought hardware cloth which is metal screening with 1/4 inch square holes . I removed the screen that came with the feeder and replaced it with the hardware cloth . It works great now .
 First time this past week trying this brand of injectable marinade and was very dissapointed . The marinade did n't seem to impart any spicy favor at all to the turkey . Extra downside , the marinade made the inside of the turkey a scary red color.Should have stuck with tony 's brand .
 We were disappointed with the quality of the ergonomic rake . We purchased it as a gift but did n't give it as it appears cheaply made .
 I looked at a lot of bird feeders and thought this one looked great . But after it was outside for just one week , all of the paint has cracked and is peeling off in big and little pieces . If I keep it , I 'll have to sand the whole thing down and prime and paint it myself . What a disappointment !
 No matter how well an item looks , is priced or works you have to judge it for it 's intended purpose . In this case this product completely fails . It 's intended to be used on travel but in it 's first use the cheap plastic side table broke where the pins attach it to the grill body when trying to pack it back up . Since they are used to secure the grill together in its travel form this is a serious flaw . I 'm sure they will replace these parts under warranty but it makes you wonder about the construction.Update - Meco does not carry this part so the grill must be shipped back to Amazon . Amazon has provided a free shipping label and will refund the purchase .
 it arrived the morning we were leaving for a camping trip so I packed it in the car still boxed up . The hinge that keeps the grill closed up came broken . SO , the whole idea of a portable grill is sort of lost with this plastic tray flapping around and the grill does n't stay closed.The grill itself worked great . We still used it on our trip and cooked almost every meal on it.My advice is to inspect it thoroughly before you end up on a trip with no other options !
 I have half a mind to call Droll Yankee and tell them that this feeder is JUNK . The main reason I bought this feeder was that it was supposed to keep out larger birds and protect the seed from the weather and it failed in both cases . Note that this feeder is not cheap either.I adjusted the hight of the dome to keep out the bluejays but there is no way to keep them out unless you set the dome an inch above the tray which would keep every other bird out as well . FAILEDI thought the seed would remain dry with the dome overhead but I was wrong . The problem is the dome does not extend out past the tray . Even when I set the dome down to about 4 inches from the tray -LRB- which is low -RRB- I woke up the next day and the tray was completly full of snow and the seed ruined . FAILEDAnother problem is when I went to disassemble the feeder -LRB- because now it is useless -RRB- the nut on the bottom of the threading fell out because the plastic which held it in fell apart . It still will work but now I would have to hold onto the nut to screw the pole in . FAILEDI hope this review will help people in deciding if they want it or not . Do not waste your money like I did because now its in the garage less than a month after I got it .
 You need to update the photo and give an accurate description of this feeder . The picture shows a clear , solid tray in the base to catch excess seed so it does n't fall on the ground . That was Droll Yankee 's original version which they changed and have not manufactured for quite some time . The actual feeder being sold has the open mesh on the bottom , the same as the sides , and the seed drops straight through to the ground . If that 's what you want , the feeder may be fine , but since that 's not what you 're advertising , I give it a one star .
 The idea behind this feeder is brilliant but for some reason the finches and smaller birds will not use it . Anyone have any suggestions ?
 I got hooked on Grilling Salmon on the planks about a month ago and have done it at least 4 times so far . After grilling on Alder since Cedar was sold out at the local store I decided to get these on Amazon but they do n't compare to the others I 've used . I 've been getting `` Fire & Flavor '' brand that 's sold at my local store and these Nature 's Cuisine planks are thinner . Even worse the Nature 's Cuisine are rough with wood fibers on both sides -LRB- even after wiping them off -RRB- - to the point where it got in the food a bit . I do n't know if I got a bad batch or not , but I can tell you that the `` Fire & Flavor '' always have one side smoothed out and even their ` rough ' side is still smoother than the surface of these Nature 's cuisine.Fwiw , after a number of side by sides , my wife and I both agree that we enjoy the Salmon grilled on the Alder over the cedar .
 The item page shows an image of a complete coiled power cord . This is not what you will receive if you order it . All you will get is the female end -LRB- the connector -RRB- of this power cord ! Ad descriptions says `` Heavy-duty , 20 Amp cord for use with Reliance generators '' . Not true ! Be careful .
 Picture is deceiving . You receive only the plug . The cable should not be shown ! Plug was fine once I purchased and installed it on a cable .
 I never received the flower seeds that I ordered ; but , in their place , I was sent Shasta Daisy seeds -LRB- or so I was told as they never bloomed -RRB- . I notified the Seller promptly ... nothing happened . Nada ! I fairly certain I sent a second notice with the same results . I 've waited so long now that I can not remember.CAVEAT EMPTOR !
 This cart seems to have everything going for it until you try to put the wheels on . The knock-on caps designed to keep the wheels on the axles are a very poor choice of fastener . The second wheel on each axle is a wrestling match because with the ballooned-out wheel design , the axle will not touch the floor . Using a small wooden block to push up into the wheel rim and hold the axle in place results in rebound off the plastic wheel itself and an immense amount of impact force is required to hammer the knock-on cap onto the axle . The knock-on cap tool designed to fit around the cap and assist with hammering the cap onto the axle is plastic and only adds to the rebound when trying to strike with a hammer . My suggestions ... unless the thing is already assembled , look for another choice and if you need a real workhorse buy a heavy duty garden cart from a hardware store because the cost will only be slightly more .
 This product arrived completely damaged . The quality of the material was very cheap . Having said that , I must give credit to both Amazon , and the company who makes the product . I called the company who makes the product -LRB- not the company that sold it through Amazon -RRB- . I talked to the owner of the company who was very apologetic . He informed me me that the last batch of ez does it carts were manufactured in China with very shoddy materials . He said that he was in the process of getting a new manufacturer and a new and quality made product would be out in June . Also Amazon was very helpful in refunding the the price of the product without any questions and without my having to pay any shipping costs either way . However , I can not say the same thing about the company that sold the product through Amazon . When I ordered the product I was told that the product was temporarily out of stock and that it would be sent as soon as it was back in stock . Well low and behold within 3 days I received what was supposed to be out of stock . This was , however before I had talked to the owner of the company who manufactures the product . Surely if I was told when calling in to make an inquiry about the defective material , the companies who are selling the products would also have been told . It makes me just a little suspicious that this company wanted to unload a defective product on an unsuspecting consumer .
 Very disappointed . This item was shipped with two right sides instead of a right and left . Very frustrated . Should have shopped at brick and motar .
 Not for anything but very dainty type of use . Maybe delicate desk work only . Do not travel with this anywhere as the slightest thing will break these templates .
 When pole mounring this baffle it will only fit a 1 '' diameter round pole .
 My neighbor has the rake shown . I orderedyours but what I received is nothing likewhat 's shown . The one I wanted is shown.The one I received rakes head was small andineffective if used to pull deep snow off onesroof . Returned absolutely untouched . Hopewe get our full refund .
 Disappointed in the quality of the Swisher Garden cart expecially the axel which was deformed on one end and should never have been shipped with the unit . Also , the wheels are too far forward and should have been placed back a tad for better weight distribution . On the positive side the unit was easy to put together although the instructions were n't always clear . If you 're looking for a cheap garden cart then this is the unit for you .
 Bought this cart in November 2006 , was immediately struck by shoddy parts and arcane assembly instructions . After two seasons , it has literally fallen apart
 Same thing happened to me with this product . L shaped center support broke - which caused the axle to bend , which caused the wheel bolts to bend . Further on taking it apart to repair noticed many of the parts were either an inconsistent size or not an appropriate size -LRB- from an engineering point of view -RRB- . This was on the third use - had probably done no more than 10 acres total .
 Although assembly was cumbersome , it was not that difficult . My yard is a little over 2 acres . In the first use , the middle brace broke in half and the wheels are not nearly as sturdy as they need to be if you have any amount of weight placed on the plugger.All in all , I was not pleased with the performance or durability of this product .
 I accidentally bought these at my local garden store and was very disappointed . I actually find them more difficult to fill up then the separated-chamber protectors -LRB- like wall o waters -RRB- , and they do n't stand up as well as them either .
 After on using for about 45 days , 4 of the 9 I purchased began to seperate at the bottom . They did not leak , but they did n't stand up well and 1 in particular needed added support . They are covered under a 1 year warranty so I am going through the process of getting some replacements . The others worked very well and this is an impressive invention .
 Bought these to be able to put tomato plants out early -LRB- live in the mountains -RRB- . Filled the `` wall of waters '' yesterday . Today , two of the three units have `` failed . `` The seams between individual cells have failed allowing water to merge and bulge . Have to remove them from the tomatoes before they collapse and ruin the plants . This stinks ! Now I either need to dig up the tomatoes and put them back into the greenhouse or find buckets/boxes to put over them at night.Awful quality problem . Wish I could give it NO STARS !
 I picked up 4 packages of these at Lowe 's . Every one of the insulators sprang multiple leaks within 2 days and collapsed on top of my tomatoes . These are worthless .
 Looked like it said it had a `` T '' style connector . Did not work with my black & decker PW1600 electric power washer . I returned this item .
 This ran well for awhile , but then one of the two stones or air ports stopped working . THe other one ran for about a year and then got very weak . I disconnected them and put a general hydroponics air pump out there and it is much better . I would n't buy another aquascape pump .
 I bought this because I wanted my grill tools in a case so I could keep them out of reach of my grandchildren . I find the tools well made , well designed and very useful . I have a fairly deep grill -LRB- Weber Genesis E-320 -RRB- and the length of the tools makes it easy to work with food on the back of the grill.That said , the case is very disappointing . I have used it less than two months , it has not been abused in any way , but the veneer on both the top and the front of the case are separating . The problem showed up out of the 30 day return window , or I would have sent it back for a refund/exchange . Do Not Buy this item .
 This flag is made of very thin nylon , it is small , and the graphics are not proportioned right . It is not worth more than five bucks .
 Two stars are for the design which I really like . But for the price , and to garner more stars , I expect leather . Yes , it 's possible ; Ikea does it.If this same vinyl product were priced $ 69.95 I 'd consider buying one just for fun .
 estas son azules no moradas no se por que ponen foto morada si son azules . que mal ahora tengo una bonitas banderas de buen precio y buen material pero de color azul : s -LRB- que no es el color de los scouts oficial !!!! -RRB-
 Contrary to the product description , this item is NOT IN STOCK . It is on back - order . Do n't order it if you need it to arrive by Christmas , or anytime soon .
 For $ 200 bucks/set you would think they could have tested them . All three units had at least two bad LED candles that just would n't charge at all . I wrote to the company and they said they would send me replacements , They sent me new ones . It took about 2 weeks and I had to send the bad ones back to them . The ones that work work well and this would have been a great review if they did some quality control.If you had problems too here is their customer service # 1-800-555-0050 Joanne Rovito Customer Service Manager , Philips Lighting Company .
 For what I paid for this product I expected it to work , and to work well . It did not , and I am very dissappointed in this product ! Save your money , and by the cheap dollar store type battery operated candles , they work ALOT better , and there is no hassle .
 Color shown as natural is far from accurate . I am unhappy with color and may return these .
 We purchased two of these chaises and the wheels came apart and the chairs developed cracks . The glue turned white and desolved all within a month . We glued and clamped everything back together and sprayed them with spar varnish in hopes of salvaging them . We had also purchased the matching bistro set which had the same problems . Hopefully they will last awhile now . recommed you spray with outdoor varnish before you place them outside .
 Ok , the quality is about what you 'd expect for a $ 100 lounge chair - they do look good . After a few days of Florida rain I noticed that the wood stain bled and has now ruined my nice paver deck . . now I 'm pissed . I 'm giving it a few days on the grass - hopefully the bleeding will stop - otherwise I 'm returing it .
 What an ordeal ! After having these for 45 days the fabric began to wear off in my hands and disinigrate to the point that if you touched them too firmly you 'd rip a hole in them ! When I called Amazon for assistance in returning these defective cushions , they were aware of the problem . . but for some reason have continued to sell them for years ! What 's up with that ? Now Amazon wants me to re-box -LRB- I no longer have the boxes -RRB- and return them -- more hoops to jump over for a defective product ! When my bag straps broke on a bag I had , the companys only request was to take a pic of it and send to them , which I did and promptly got a replacement bag . When you are dealing with something as large as a cushion do n't you think common sense would tell you `` hey we have already lost so much $ $ on these ... we do n't even want to pay to have them sent back '' and just let the customer photo them ? Hmmm ... must be lonely on the top . Junk , junk . Heed my warning .
 Don ' Buy !!! I too am having the same problem of the blue dye coming off on everything and in addition the material is cracking and breaking open and we have only had them for 45 days ! So now that the 30 days is up , Amazon wo n't give us a full refund ! it 's only 15 days over and we are returning them because the item is holding up at all . Amazon needs to not carry this company if it ca n't make a quality material that stands up to it 's specs.Strathwood Chaise Lounge Cushion , Navy
 I purchased these cushions at the start of the spring season for our pool area . About 2 weeks ago the blue color started running everywhere . If anyone sits on them they look like a smurf when they get up . You can just touch it with your hand not even rub it and your hand will be covered with blue . Since I purchased these the return date has expired and I am stuck with 2 unuseable cushions . DO NOT BUY !!!!
 I have since found out , since this was a gift , that the material on this pad was very inferior . It actually rotted and fell apart . My friend put it in the trash last week . I would not recommend it to anyone .
 I love the Strathwood chaise long and have been really happy with other Strathwood chairs I 've purchased , but these cushions are really terrible . There is something wrong with the blue dye used to color the cushions . Every few days they are covered in a dark blue dust and no matter how thoroughly I wipe them off , the dust returns and covers my clothes , feet , hands , and anything else that touches the cushions . The chairs are completely unusable as long as the cushions are on them because of the dye .
 these are nice enuff on their own , but they are WAY TOO thing and small for the Strathwood Chaise lounge frame.Amazon should not bundle them.You will be A LOT happier with the Strathwood Lounge cushion in Pearwood.Have a great summer !
 Have had this for several months , and today the green dye came off on my husband 's swim suit and on his feet . Has anyone else had this problem ?
 I bought Strathwood Chaise Lounge chairs and Cushions to comes with them . The chairs are great . The cushions did n't survive more than 3 months before the material ripped apart on both of them leaving ugly green dust on my guest cloths . Really bad quality for an outdoor furniture .
 Do n't expect the `` blue '' aka `` Admiral Blue '' cushion color to look like the color in the picture . The actual color of the Admiral Blue chaise lounge cushion is a dark blue . The picture in Amazon shows a medium blue color . When I un-boxed the two Admiral blue chaise lounge cushions I bought I double-checked the invoice and the tags that are attached to the cushions to verify this was indeed Admiral Blue and not the Navy Blue . I do indeed have Admiral Blue cushions . I had picked the `` blue '' color option.Bottom line is in the hot sun these dark colors will be absorbing lots of solar energy and will be hot and may show signs of fading faster than a lighter color . These are assumptions though.They do look good and are comfortable but I must admit I expected the color I saw in the picture . I 'm funny that way . ; -RRB-
 There is something very wrong with these coushions . The blue dye runs all over everything . I 've tried to rinse them off with hose but it never stops . There is also some kind of manufacturing problem . When you pick them up your fingers go right through the fabric and cause holes . Very frustrated by this purchase .
 Pretty much what the previous reviewers have stated , after a while blue dye starts to rub off on everthing ! Not happy at all . Love the chairs , hate the cusions .
 Product was not as described . Width was 1-1/2 inches narrower than stated on site.Therefore , it was of absolutely no use , and had to be returned .
 I purchased this item on May 3rd and by July 1st the cushions were rotten and had to be thrown away . The green fabric stained anything that it came in contact with and then it totally disintegrating -LRB- frayed and split -RRB- . A very poor product . Do not purchase .
 I purchased two of these cushions in December 2010 and had them in storage until June of this year at which time I put them on my lounges . In July I noticed a green powder on my white dog and then on my grandson . The cushions had a film of green powder all over them . I vacuumed them , but a green powder kept rising to the surface of the lounge . If I swiped my hand over the cushion it had a green powder that wiped right off . Amazon did credit me 25 % of the price of the cushions as I did n't want to pack them up and ship them . Amazon did n't know how much , if any $ $ could be given me on return . I thought I could wash them , dry them and they might be OK . Nope - A green powder forms on them each time they dry . Has anyone else had this problem ? I am going to try to contact Strathwood and see what they say . Meanwhile , I would n't recommend them at all !!
 Within the first week of receiving the cushions we began to have problems . The green dye has stained my childrens skin and my pets fur . It rubs off when the material becomes wet and leaves clothing permanently ruined . Also , all three cushions purchased have torn in multiple spots from laying on them . We were forced to throw all of the cushions away within the first month . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This product was not at all what it was promoted as being but even worse than the product itself was the hassle of returning it through amazon and UPS . I purchased 4 of them and Amazon charged them out separately requiring four separate calls and separate pick-ups from UPS ! Amazon is not worth the headache .
 I purchased/received these cushions on or about April 20 , 2011 , and by June 30 , 2011 , they were already DISINTEGRATING ! Literally . I realized it when I pushed my finger against one of them to wipe something off , and my finger went right through . Then I examined the other three that I purchased and realized they were ALL falling apart in the same manner . Moreover , the blue cover had literally turned to blue dust that got all over everything ! DO NOT EVEN CONSIDER BUYING THESE !!
 After nine month of use they started disintegrate in the form of micro dark lint.It stays on everything it touches . Absolute junk and waisted money . Now I have to pay againto get the new ones .
 If your looking at something that will cut a lot of grass at one time , this is not for you . It 's good for a small ammount at a time and that 's it . It 's very hard to get any leverage for cutting tough grass . Would not recommend .
 I would n't purchase these a second time . Within a week of normal use I had issues with them not opening correctly and locking up . They swivel which is why I bought them , I thought it would come in handy . The not opening easily and locking up take away from that . I would definitely not recommend them for anyone with any sort of physical disability because you need a strong hand to unlock the push lever . Sometimes it does n't want to slide . I wanted to like them , but they need to go back to the drawing board on these . I even find myself looking for my old clippers that I wanted to replace over these .
 Did not distinquish and could not tell what was in ground until digging it up . Disappointed .
 I expected a better product . It has a hard time finding metal objects.I do n't think I would buy another item from the manufacturer .
 The Bounty hunter IV goes off when i walk or jigle it . It makes it very hard to trust that it actually works . I look around the snow and nothing is there when it does go off . sucks to use it .
 Package came undamaged I assbled product and put into my gun safe , a couple days later I was plowing my driveway and lost my keys so I decided to try it out , read directions and turned it on . The power came on but the product was defective I laid keys on the ground and some change some bolts and other objects and tried every setting it had , and it would not detect any metal at all . would not recomend product to anyone , Had big hopes and excitement and was let down buy this poor product .
 I bought the Bounty Hunter to locate my underground low voltage wire to my lighting system . It would n't detect any of the wires underground . So , I cut a piece of the same type wire and laid it on my garage floor just to make sure it would detect the wire on the surface . It would not detect the wire at all . It works fine on all the test items recommended in the manual i.e , . like nails , coins of all types aluminum foil etc. but wo n't detect the wire at all . Anyone had any success with detecting wire ? I only gave it two stars because it wouuld n't work on what I bought it for .
 I bought this bounty hunter in feb of this year , it was ok , i found old bottles from the 20s an old dagger and a silver spoon . so for non precious metals its ok . a bit hard to hone in with the dials . can hardly tell between the tone and the beep . i took it to Georgia recently to go gold panning , it never went off on any gold . even with a vile full of pure gold . but rings with filler it did fine . and in streams it did detect a phone cable 18 inches down -LRB- sorry bell south -RRB- but had it shown what i was looking for id never dug it up . dont worry I covered it back , honest mistake , this detector doest work in salt water . but fresh water it does great . but not for gold . im gon na invest in a better brand . this is good for trash and coins but the good stuff such as pure gold coins forget it . silver as long as its newer then 1900s .
 This product is a waste of your money it gives off nothing but false readings . Got this for the grand kids now I have more holes then a gopher farm . False readings save your money .
 Detector froze up , after detecting an item . Mfg tech support said that was caused by a short in the battery wires .
 Product was ok found some trash under ground , but my biggest complaint is they claim that this detector is water proof up to electronic display , can tell u this is not the case with mine put coil in water after that it went ballistic , tryd drying it out and drying off , BROKEN HAD TO SEND back to company and Here it is 3 weeks later and no sign of my detector and no email from company like they told me they were going to do , empty claims from bounty hunter .
 This is an inexpensive starter detector , If you would seriously like to detect , I would recommend you purchase a bit more expensive detector . Would be great for a child .
 This metal detector can not find a metal keychain and keys in the snow . I read and followed the instructions about all the controls , etc. . Obviously , I am talking about a few inches , not feet , of snow . Either I got a defective unit or it does not work as advertised . Whatever the reason , I am returning mine .
 Two of the three Bounty Hunter Fast Tracker metal detectors that I received were defective . One of them made a noise when the batteries were first connected but would not respond after the batteries were inserted into their compartment . The other never responded at all . All the batteries were tested to be at or above their expected voltage range . It would have helped a great deal if the factory would test each unit prior to shipment . Amazon did handle the exchanges promptly .
 Even at a cheap price , its not worth it , spend a few $ $ $ more and get a better machine
 I ordered a metal detector ... Amazon sent an email confirming that ... this company then emailed me to say I ordered lip shimmer ... no , no I did not . I sent the seller an email stating as such , no response . Tried again , no response . What do I get in the mail today ... yep , $ 12 lip shimmer that ironically is Burt 's Bees and has a $ 4.99 price tag on it . ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE EXPERIENCE
 Purchased this item as a birthday present for my grandson . Product is easy to assemble and operate , but it does not do well with non-ferrous items . I salted an Eisenhower Dollar near a boundary pin for which I knew the approximate location . My grandson found the boundary pin with no trouble at all , but the Dollar is still out there . Went out there myself with the detector and tried with various settings and combinations of sensitivity and discrimination . Absolutely no luck . Maybe a squirrel got to it first ? : - -RRB-
 This Item was advertised for 4.99 . I knew it was too good to be true but I went for it anyway . I thought it was a surplus or clearance or something . However when I received a confirmation for Lip gloss and jewelry I knew something was messed up . My credit card has not been charged and the order canceled , but it is still disappointing .
 I ordered this item from Amazon but received Bert 's Bees lip balm . Not even close to the correct item ! I never did get an answer on why it was misrepresented but did get a full refund and a gift certificate from Amazon.My only advice is to double check the third party companies when ordering .
 I bought this item thinking I will get a metal detector . I was thrill while waiting for it . A week later the item arrive in a letter package . The first thing come to mind was what the heck . As it turns out they shipped a lip gloss to me . Sigh I do n't know what kind of business they are running , but I free violated . They refuse to ship me the correct item and offer to reimburse the purchase price . Super sad and disappointed . They deserve a 0 star from me .
 I ordered this product , and never recieved it , but I did get $ 11.98 from a company called go hastings . So Amazon never did fix this problem , maybe someday I will own it and then give you my opinion.Karen Odom
 This item was cancelled and not charged by the vendor . I got a `` confirmation '' email immediately after ordering which stated I had asked for some cosmetics item instead ... Yet I am now , weeks later , being asked by Amazon to review the `` metal detector '' I had actually ordered - and did not get . Bizarre transaction and I 'm very disappointed . Will only order directly from Amazon from now on , not outside vendors using Amazon .
 I contacted seller about this item and they never responded . Sent me lip gloss instead of advertised product and never worked to resolve the issue .
 Over the past thirty years , I 've had metal detectors ranging in price from $ 30 to over a thousand . I bought this one because it is comparable to one that cost over thousand 30 years ago.I know how to tune a detector and tuned this one exactly as per the instructions . My yard is not heavily mineralized and has about an average amount of junk . After two weeks and many re-tunes , and using with and without notching , every signal the meter said was a dime was either a penny or junk metal . Every signal identified as a quarter or half dollar was junk iron . This is a metal detector in the absolutely most liberal use of the term.If you collect rusted metal or small pieces of aluminum . then buy one of these for your whole family . If you collect coins ans precious metals , get the cheapest Radio Shack Machine ; It is ten times better.I will never , ever , buy a product sold by Amazon again . And I really would like to have my money back so I can buy a cheaper Radio Shack detector that actually works .
 one of the most important features that should be told is how far down the ground a metal detector can detect both coin size and large items . i 'm annoyed with this and many other metal detector 's descriptions which refuses to mention this more than important point . i 'm shopping for my boyfriend and just because of all the annoyance i may just give up and get him a $ 10 tie for his birthday .
 the metal detector i got was inoperative and i have been trying for 2 weeks to get my money back
 This metal detector is nice , notwithstanding , it performs poorly when in all metal mode . Initially all metal mode works fine , however , after half an hour of use the batteries begin to wear out and the battery low indicator does not come on . When all metal mode is used after half an hour of the detector 's use , it just squeals uncontrollably . It 's supposed to go off over metal and pin point the source of your initial find with great accuracy . Again , after thirty minutes of use of the detector , it will no longer go off over the source , it will just go off constantly , no mater where you hold it . I could hold it into the air and it still squeals . I made every adjustment I could and it just continues to make noise . This mode is worthless unless your using it with two fresh 9 volt batteries every half an hour . Finally , if you 're hunting say meteorites for four hours , you can expect to spend over $ 56.00 on batteries for that afternoon .
 I used these headphones only 3 tomes and both ear phones stopped working i was very disapointed seeing this was my cfrom hristmas gift from my son
 I could have return but I do like bounty hunter and I might give them as gift . They work ok and got to me fast .
 -LRB- Amazon.com -RRB- Review = the headphones utilize a 1/4-inch stereo plug . Then , -LRB- Product Features -RRB- State it Utilizes a 1/8-inch stereo plug ?? I am not the best @ Fractions , But I do believe 1/8 '' is 1/2 the size , of the 1/4 plug . unless there is some New math fraction formula I 've Missed and yes the decimal .25 = 1/4 '' . Wade B.Bounty Hunter Metal Detector Headphoneby Bounty HunterBounty Hunter Metal Detector HeadphoneThe reason For The Rating Is Because of the headphone jack confusion ...
 it is agreat piece of equipment , and works on everything but the metal detector it was supposed to work with .
 You do not need to pay this steep price for these headphones . They are nothing special and they are overpricedSearch Amazon , find a product like the four in one , which costs 12.99 . These might be great headphones , but you are paying for the name and nothing else . -LRB- Feb 7 , 2012 -RRB- I noticed the mfgr lowered the price on these headphones to around 24 bucks . Bout time . Still priced twice as high than it needs to be . But perhaps they listened
 I bought the bounty hunter jr for my son on his birthday along with the headphones as the say that they for hunter metal detectors ... well I guess they are BUT not for the jr. . . my son was disappointed because it would have made it much more fun with the headphones on .
 Bought the Bounty Hunter Jr. . Metal detector and the earphones as a suggested bundle , but there is no place to plug in the earphones to the detector .
 Bought a pair for use with my Bounty Hunter metal detector . On the plus side they are very comfortable and have good sound quality . The cord is a thin wire without coils . The volume control hangs up on everything it gets close to , including the detector . If the volume control was closer to the headphones and it had a sturdy coiled cord , it would be a great headphone . But as it is it is not worth the aggravation .
 Raccoons have been raiding our bird feeders and I purchased this product for a humane way to drive them away . I sprayed the product liberally around the perimeter of the deck where the feeders hang on metal poles mounted to the deck railing . This did not deter the raccoon in the slightest.The bottle cautions against spraying directly on wood as it might discolor it , but I went ahead and not just sprayed but DRENCHED the areas of the deck and railing where I knew the raccoons were entering and exiting . I sprayed the product particularly heavily at the base of the pole holding the feeders since that is where the coon has to stand to reach up into the feeder . The raccoon sat right in the middle of the area I 'd sprayed and did n't appear to be bothered by it at all.Perhaps this product might stop raccoons from eating something it had been sprayed on . Maybe . Ca n't say since that is not the purpose I was using it for . The product did not live up to it 's claim of repelling the raccoons from the treated area and I will be returning the remainder of this bottle for a refund.I 'm giving it 1 star only because zero was not an option .
 I wasted the whole bottle of `` Critter ridder '' on a small lawn , which was overturned each night by a raccoon . I tried spraing on grass , then on the ground under the grass and bottom side of sod -LRB- that 's where raccoon finds grubs -RRB- , but it did n't care at all . Aparently , `` Critter ridder '' simply made his lunch spicy - that 's all . It keeps coming back each night .
 I have two dogs who think that they need to poop on my window well covers . I bought this product to try to discourage them from relieving themselves there . Not only did it not work , it seems to have been the dog version of a neon welcome sign signaling them that it is okay to come by.After applying the spray as directed I left the area for a few minutes and then looked out the window to see if the dogs were curious . To my surprise and disgust there was poop on my window well covers and my dogs both were licking the treated area as though they were at the ice cream parlor on free sample day.I would not recommend this product to anyone , congratulations to those who this stuff worked for , I myself think it is crap and a total waste of money .
 Used about 3/4 of the bottle to keep the skunks off the lawn . The very first night I applied it , same activity . Worthless
 In Florida it rains every day in the summer . If the product worked at all , it did not last beyond the first rain . The solid version appeared to have no impact on the gray squirrels in my yard at all .
 We have a big problem with squirrels eating our bird feeder 's seed . So we placed , in liberal quantities , ` Critter Ridder ' spray all around the tree where the feeder hangs , as well as on the tree itself , in the hope that Havahart 's ad copy promising that ` Critter Ridder ' was `` great as a squirrel repellent - deters them from birdfeeders ! '' was actually true.However , within one hour we had MORE squirrels than we had BEFORE we applied this laughably bad product.What a waste of money ; but I bet you Havahart is laughing all the way to the bank on this one ...
 This product did n't repel the raccoons ; it did not repel the squirrels . It did n't even keep my dogs away ! Disappointed .
 This product fails to repel rats . Period . My sister had a rat come down from the ceiling into her cabinet where she came face to face with it eating a bag of rice . It ran and she called me . We took everything out of the cabinet , vacuumed the droppings and then saturated the cabinet with Critter Ridder . I also went into the attic and sprayed all over . We waited a day , and then when she opened the cabinet to put everything back , the rat was again staring her in the face ! At that point I tried another repellent called Repels AllBonide 238 1-Quart Shot-Gun Repels-All Animal Repellent Ready To Use . I again saturated the inside of the cabinet with it and also sprayed in the attic . In addition , I threw some rat bait into the cabinet . Next day , the rat poison was GONE , and droppings were left in it 's place . Repels All had different ingredients but also FAILED . The guy at Do-It-Yourself Pest Control said these items did n't work , but I did n't want to use a trap and have to clean up the mess.At that point I put more rat poison in the cabinet and I can hear the rat eating it right NOW ! Total heebee geebees . I 'm not sure if the CONTRAC rat and mice killer is working yet , but I know that the rats love eating it .
 I used mot of the bottle on my small front lawn.It did no good at all.No rain that night still the next day my neighbors small dog wandered all over my lawn and yes left that nasty stuff some of you may likeas fertilizer.Do not waste your money on this , I already got a refund at Lowesfor my purchase .
 My dog went straight to the treated site and did her business with enthusiasm.Multiple applications provided the same results .
 It must work on something but not on my dog or six cats . Really was looking for something that would keep the dog from pooping on my stone and the cats from clawing the door . Nope did n't work at all Maybe if I had a pet raccoon ???
 ok so AMAZON blocked my first review so im doing it again.IT DONT WORK ... 15min after spraying this stuff in a faverite cat poop zone , they were back leaving new deposits in my yard . it seemed to actually ATTRACT them instead of Repel them .
 Tried this on my bird feeder and watched the results . Sprayed heavily on the approach to the feed , up the pole on which the feeder was suspended , on the feeder itself , on the sunflower seeds and on the suet blocks . The squirrels appeared 15 minutes later and behaved as if it was not there . Went out an reapplied a heavier layer . After 20 minutes the suet was gone . I returned this product and do not recommend .
 I have two trees that I am trying to keep the squirrels out of . After heavy treatment with this spray , it did not even phase them . They were still running up and down both trees . This was an epic waste of my time and money !
 What a waste of money . We put pumpkins out on our front porch for fall decor and squirrels started eating them . We bought a bottle of this spray and doused the pumpkins with it as well as the surrounding area . The next day 2 small pumpkins were missing and the larger one had a hole eaten through it and pumpkin guts were all over the front porch . Over a 1 week period I have used the entire bottle of this spray in a 20 square foot area and it has n't stopped the squirrels . Very dissapointed !
 I tried this repellent to keep squirrels out of my bird feeder . I sprayed this stuff all over the ground , grass , bird feeder , everywhere . It 's a waste of money , DOES NOT WORK .
 The only thing that this product is good at irritating is the humans using it . During outdoor application I got a whiff of the stuff and had to leave the area ASAP . However this junk just does not work on the animals it was advertised against . I used it on a garden bed that stray cats were using as their personal restroom . Cats were deterred for about a day , then they resumed their daily business . Used it on groundhog entrances to my backyard and along my fenceline . The damn furball came and went without any problems . This product is a complete waste of money . Would give it no-stars if I could
 Bought a bottle to spray on some plants that were being eaten by squirrels . Even though it never rained , I sprayed them almost every day . Unfortunately , the squirrels came back any time I was n't around to chase them away . No matter how heavy I put it on there they still ate the leaves . For clarity , I live in Austin , TX and the these are called rock squirrels . They look like a normal tree squirrel but have black heads and the 1st third of their body . I doubt their genetic make up is much different from tree squirrels .
 Hoped this would keep the squirrels away from my flowers , but they sat right on top of it and were n't bothered at all . In fact , we ended up with even more squirrels the next day , it was almost like they were attracted to it . Waste of money ...
 I soaked my plants with the spray and it had zero effect . Racoons must love spicy food . Save your money .
 We had high hopes for this product and when we sprayed it on it was so noxious to us that we thought that it would be effective . However , within seconds -LRB- it was not even dry yet -RRB- the squirrels were back and it had absolutely no effect on them . We stood and watched as 3 squirrels descended up on the bird feeder and began eating , soon even more squirrels arrived and stood on the top of the feeder what was still glistening with the product . We sprayed the surrounding area as well as the feeder itself until wet and dripping and it had absolutely no effect on both the adult and baby squirrels ... do n't waste your time .
 I drenched the base of our decorative brickwork , using a whole bottle in a week . That was a month ago . The old chipmunk holes are still poked-in but I think I saw a new one yesterday .
 I keep having high hopes that one of the commercial products or home made remedies I 've tried will work , but this was expensive and totally ineffective . I have a small yard with privacy fencing , and this made no difference to the hungry bunnies that come to feed . I rigged up stakes to plant in the shrub beds and along the fence line and attached these garlic clips to them . Not only was it no help , every time the lawn maintenance people came to mow and edge , I had to go install them again , because they invariably got knocked down . An expensive mistake .
 I recently purchased -LRB- 2 -RRB- irons for Fathers Day - same iron for 2 different gifts . I clearly stated that I needed it by Fathers Day and was willing to pay whatever shipping costs -LRB- xtra -RRB- would be - I placed my order a week prior to Fathers Day . It took over three weeks to recieve the product . When I e-mailed the company they stated that they were busy - then when I did recieve the box almost 4 weeks later - there was only one in the box - I then e-mailed again with a carbon copy of the reciept where I was charged for two - they said I was only charged for one - they later shipped another one , after numerous agervating e-mails - all in all this process was ridiculous - I would not recomend to anyone ordering .
 Unfortunately there is no enlarged picture of this product to show you that the eagle is not the one on the other brand flags of this style . The eagle is very cartoon-ish and goofy looking , not the Imperial eagle which should be on the flag . Otherwise , the material is of good quality .
 I was very excited when my flag arrived but when I put it on my room 's wall i was very disappointed cause the eagle is surrounded by a white line I mean the entire shield and this looks like 4 a toy or something like that but is not the real flag of Germany .
 I had a horrible time with this pressure washer . The comet pump failed from the outset and had to be replaced . Taking it apart I recognized one of the design flaws immediately . The motor connection to the pump relies on a non-fixed 1/4 inch metal bar which can easily come loose and deny a firm grip on the shaft connecting motor with pump . I could never get the pump to reach pressure and the motor would continually kick off in 30 seconds after struggling to run , finally tripping the gfci . This is a serious design flaw .
 READ THE DESCRIPTION CAREFULLY ! I did my homework and found that I wanted porcelain enameled CAST IRON grates and otherwise no frills with good quality . I have owned two other Weber 3 burner gas grills with cast iron grates and I liked them . I figured the enamel would make the cast iron last a lot longer . So this time I looked and saw that the Genesis grill was nice looking with everything I wanted but the Spirit was a lot cheaper . I compared the features and did not catch that the Genesis had porcelain enameled cast iron while the Spirit has porcelain enamel but not cast iron . I do n't think the similar wording is an coincidence but shame on me for trusting Weber and not reading carefully . I know from past experience that the cast iron cooks a lot better . The grates I got look like junk that wo n't last past a season . I have n't used the new grill yet , but otherwise it looks OK .
 Note that almost all the people who liked the Weber Spirit were upgrading from a Char Broil . If you have ever used a good grill you will not think much of this one . It does heat up quickly , it also cools down quickly . It dropped from 375 to 150 in the time it takes to turn and season a steak . It would not heat back up unless you used all three burners at full heat . That is not something you want to do while your food is on the grill . The grates are very thin steel and there is nothing in there to hold the heat . Weber used to stand for quality . I 'm surprised they would put their name on this poor quality product .
 This maximum grille is n't bad for cooking the local hamburger or hot dogs but when it comes down to steak , some sea food or a 200 lb carcass of deer , it does n't heat up . I used this in Finland during a cold wind and the propane tank almost blew up in my face because the connecting pipes are n't protected by motion wave emblems which prohibit them from melting or freezing . If you need something for your back yard or to take to the park , then this is fine but if hauling this on your back , forget it , it 's too heavy .
 Very disappointed !! We have been Weber users for years but this one flares up very easy -- seems dangerous at best
 The herb kit I received with the Aerogarden unit was unimpressive.Most of the seeds failed to germinate.I have had no problems with their cherry tomato kit , which have grown about 2 inchs in only 9 days .
 This is the first kit that I 've had trouble with . I love the herb kits in general . I think I was able to get about 8 - 10 tomatoes TOTAL out of the entire life of these 3 plants . I followed all directions , manually pollinated by shaking hand over bushes daily , etc. . The plants seemed to grow fine but produced very little fruit.I agree with other reviews that say this is not a good choice for the AeroGarden .
 We are at week 16 and still no tomatoes after following instructions to a T. Get the herbs . They last and are easy to maintain .
 My parents have one . On Easter I just had to ask : `` What is that constant clicking noise '' ? Well , it 's the Aerogarden . Over a few days later and reading the manual , trying to clean the -LRB- non-removable -RRB- pump out , but same problem.Also , I know they had it a month at least , but I could n't begin to get enough basil to add to a vegetable dish I was making - woulda taken all off the plant.The tomato plant is taking over and everything else seems shadowed by it.But even if you could cook like crazy off it , I could n't bear the noise .
 Only 2 of the 7 pods sprouted . When I filed a claim , they sent me a form email stating that I had to call them to confirm that my aerogarden was actually working . The phone number they provided was disconnected and there was no way to reply to the email . Very disappointing .
 I am unsure of the plant quality yet . However ... there are only 3 seed pods in this pack and 4 spacers . The first gal at the company told me to contact Amazon . No , I said this is your product they are simply acting as a middle man . I told her I would like to speak to someone above her . She says her supervisor is `` tied up '' but will call me in a few minutes . 45 mins later I call back only to reach a sarcastic supervisor on the other end . Watch out doing business with this company . Too bad really .
 not advised to get this seed kit . the peppers grow taller than the aero-garden before setting any fruit.stick with the basic herbs that come with the original garden as they are the only ones that will grow in the limited space .
 This is the first Aerogarden kit that I have not been pleased with . My two Cilantro pods did not sprout at all . I contacted Aerogarden and they said there is a known issue with the Cilantro and they are investigating ways to fix it . I would not recommend purchasing this kit until they work out the problem.The other herbs are growing just fine . The Epazote is growing like crazy - although I 'm not sure what to cook with it .
 Only two of the seven herbs grew . I was not satisfied with this product .
 Out of the seven seed packets , only four sprouted . I wrote the seller but have not heard back . My friend who has an Aerogarden said she 's never had that many NOT sprout . I 'm disappointed , because the seed kit is not cheap .
 Bought this for my daughter-in-law , who is from Japan . She was excited to be able to grow fresh Japanese herbs indoors . Unfortunately , a couple of the pods never sprouted , and the others that did took such a long time and ultimately ended up dying shortly after coming up . I have purchased other seed kits from Aerogrow and have had great success . This one was a dud . After the fact , I did some research and found that others had marginal success , so not sure if it was something we did , or just a bad batch of seeds . Amazon was great about refunding the full purchase price , and I thought about purchasing another to see if we would have better luck , but decided against it based on the few reviews I read . Maybe others will have better luck .
 My package arrived quickly , but was not packaged well . -LRB- Squished -RRB- The salad greens , which I started 4 weeks ago , began to grow and then whithered and are now dying . This is the 4th kit I have done and I have checked everything on my end . I know I did everything right and I never had a problem with any others . -LRB- 2 bought at stores and 1 bought on line/different vender -RRB- Not sure what the problem is , but I 'm guessing the kit was old . I guess that is my fault for not checking the date and have since thrown the box away . Will be more careful in the future buying kits .
 This kit saves you the time of making your own , but at three times the cost . Anyone can buy bulk planting sponges or rock wool and make their own for a couple dollars . However , if you do n't care about the price and want to make Aero Garden planting fast , easy , and thoughtless , then this is made for you . The kit is great , just uncomfortably priced for what you get .
 Dont waste your money on on this . Use rock wool instead . I called the company asking what kinds foam is in their kits and they would n't tell me they described it as bio degradable special foam - so I called a couple of foam companies asking questions and experimented a bit . What worked best for me and is drastically cheaper is rock wool instead .
 This package contains some foam seed holders , a few plastic cup sections to hold them , and some clear `` caps '' for the seed pods . Also , there are about a dozen blank circular papers to stick on the seed pods to identify your crop type . That 's it!Re - use the original pod components and stay away from this item . $ 39.00 for $ 2.00 worth of plastic , paper , and foam .
 Do n't bother spending the money . Re-use the pods you already have . I 've picked up Rapid Rooters and Dyna-Gro 7-9-5 plant food from a hydroponics store , and I 've had no problems growing two batches of lettuce and herbs from my own seeds .
 It took forever for fruit to flower - two of the three plants fruited , grew nice-sized tomatoes , but the weight caused them to topple . Next , the leaves all rotted off but the remaining fruit ripened ... bland , ugh , no taste . The remaining plant finally grew fruit and they ripened red with tons of tape , etc. to support it -LRB- that 's where all the extra work came in - trying to keep the plant upright -RRB- . Taste on these was a little better but far from worth the effort . Back to herbs !!! -LRB- I do love the aerogarden for the herbs ! -RRB-
 Just a warning
 My first batch died after a couple weeks of growing to about 1.5 inches ; the company was very quick in replacing all three plants , however the next batch did the same thing . I do n't know what is wrong with the tomatoes , my herb garden in my other aerogarden is growing so much that I 'm throwing away basil to keep it under control . Also have tried on another set to grow cilantro with no success even after trying to transplant from a very small potted plant , similar failure with trying strawberries . I 'm getting the impression that aerogrow is really good for growing their standard herb package and nothing else .
 I was so pleased with the herbs I grew in my standard Aerogarden I bought a second one so I could grow both herbs and cherry tomatoes . Wrong ! The herbs did fine again , but what they fail to tell you is that the tomatoes require 8 hours of absolute darkness . If you want to have the two gardens in the same room , or even in your living area , forget about the tomatoes . Lovely greenery , no blossoms = no tomatoes . I finally just threw them out . I 'll grow herbs again , and maybe try another kit , but I ca n't recommend the cherry tomato kit .
 I am SO NOT happy about purchsing this item . It is NOT as described . What the description says is `` Italian Basil , Purple Basil , Chives , Dill , Mint , Parsley & Thyme , '' what I got was Genovese Basil , Thyme , Mint , Lemon Basil , Oregano , Dill , Global Basil . I 'm EXTREMELY angry that I did not get what I ordered . If they were going to make a substition , they should have asked . If automatic substitions are their policy , they should state that in the description . If the description is wrong , THEY SHOULD FIX IT . This item has been listed with this description for MONTHS before I purchased it . If I had wanted 3 kinds of basil , I would have purchased the basil mix . I expressly wanted the chives and the parsley . Buyer beware .
 I love the idea of this product but I am definitely doing something wrong . I 've tried 3 seed kits and I have n't had a terrific amount of luck . If all that you 're interested in is basil , you have it made . Not much else seems to grow very well . My chives were a failure as were my purple basil , cilantro , and parsley . I called and complained to the company and they were kind enough to send to me another seed pack . The sweet basil flourished but everything else pretty much floundered.Truth be told , I would recommend growing your own basil , parsley , rosemary , cilantro , and chives during the warmer months . If you 're fortunate enough to live in a large city , you can buy herbs from your grocery store for a relatively low price during the off seasons . I live in Houston and our Central Market sells organic herbs for $ .99 / bunch . I wrap my herbs in paper towels and bag them in plastic bags the day that I purchase them . They last for a few weeks . I definitely get my money 's worth without having to spend a bundle on an Aerogarden . One caveat though , buy basil and use it within 3-4 days . It 's great in salads too !
 Did EVERYTHING according to instructions . Plants grew but flowers -LRB- that lead to tomatoes -RRB- that were supposed to appear by 4 weeks did NOT appear by 4 MONTHS -LRB- when I gave up -RRB- !!
 I do n't know if it was just me or what but I CAN NOT get any tomatoes to grow.I 've followed all of the instructions -LRB- of which there are many -RRB- and so far I 've only had flowers bud but then never come to fruition.I 've done the manual pollination , I 've made sure they did n't fall over , I 've even trimmed them but dang it if I ca n't get a tomato . And , these plants are a total water hog . I have to fully fill up my water every 4-5 days due to how immense these plants grow.So , if anyone else has had a good time growing the tomatoes please let me know . I think I 'm going to have to go back to herbs and lettuce .
 I thought what fun . Fresh tomatoes all year round . The tomatoes bushes grew and grew and went past my hood of my garden and drooped over the top . I am loaded with tons of green tomatoes . Unfortunately , the bottom of the stems are slowly dying and I will end up not harvesting any tomatoes.I have 3 aerogardens . I have tried the lettuces -- GREAT . Herbs -- GREAT . Petunia ----- still blooming up a storm . The tomatoes ... I am hoping to salvage two plants by taking them OUT of the ` water ' and planting them in real soil . The Aero Garden works great on the above except the tomatoes.I love my machines . I have given the Aero Garden as Christmas and birthday presents ... -LRB- I should have stock -RRB- but , the tomatoes are a bust . Sorry .
 After having been reasonably successful with the initial herb seeds that came with the garden , I thought tomatoes would be a nice next step.The tomato plants grew quickly and required a lot of trimming and pruning . They also do require support to keep them from falling over.After 5 monthsI saw some yellow tomatoes -LRB- the kit comes with 2 red tomato pod and 1 yellow one -RRB- . I have not harvested them yet , since they still show hues of green . So I can not comment on the taste.The red tomatoes never came to fruition . One of them became sick or certainly looked sick so I pulled it . The idea is nice - unfortunately the execution lacks .
 I love my AeroGarden and was thrilled with the herbs and even happier with the cherry tomatoes . When I discovered the green bean kit , I could n't wait to try it . My five-year old son loves green beans , and I was looking forward to having fresh beans to give to him . When I planted the green beans , they grew rapidly just like the other kits . However , the plants just grew and grew . They became overly bushy and never produced any beans . I waited and waited for the beans to grow and then finally tossed the plants out and replanted tomatoes . This kit was very disappointing , and I am hesitant to try it again .
 We must have gotten old stock . It does have the sponge material instead of peat moss , it did not have the liquid nutrients and the tablets were falling apart , and now after 4-5 weeks , I have one very healthy basil and one very small thyme , and a small mint . So 3 out of 7 actually sprouted/grew . So now I get to call the company and ask for a replacement : -LRB- Update
 I have to say I 'm incredibly disappointed with this seed kit . First , neither cilantro pod even sprouted . I went to the Aerogarden website and got replacement pods , but they do n't offer a replacement for cilantro , so my garden is not likely to be very `` South of the Border '' . In addition , the only two pods that are really growing are the globe basil and epozate . The thyme , parsley and oregano are a pathetic bunch of sprouts that are beginning to turn brown after four weeks . I 'm following the directions and just finished a successful garden , so it 's not like I 'm doing anything wrong . These gardens are supposed to be idiot-proof , at any rate . I would not bother purchasing this seed kit in the future .
 The plants grew huge , flowered , but never produced tomatoes . We shook them like the instructions said , but zero tomatoes . On top of that , over the last few weeks , it has gotten very loud . Sounds like the pump is loosing a bearing or something . We have cleaned it , but still loud . Very disappointed . My wife wants to toss the whole thing in the trash .
 I received the box , which contained -- to my surprise -- three spots with the rest spacers for the tomatoes . At a price of $ 19.95 -LRB- and I 'm not that price sensitive -RRB- , I thought this was seriously over priced . Worse , while two of the plants are well on their way , the third never sprouted . Did some investigation , and there were no seeds in the third . So , I basically paid $ 10 a tomato seed . As much as I love cherry tomatoes , and have loved other aero garden kits very much , I would not recommend this one .
 I purchased the cherry tomato 3 pod seed kit about one year ago . I followed the booklet 's guidelines exactly . There was much leaf growth and occasionally a few flowers , but no tomatoes ever appeared . $ 20 is way too much for zero production ! I 'll stay with herbs from now on . By the way , amazon 's service and speed of delivery were excellent .
 Despite what the package claims , namely that the seed kit contains a mix of Red Leaf , Green Leaf , Butterhead & Romaine , it , in fact , had seven pots of the same seeds , namely Butterhead lettuce . Had I known this was the case I 'd not have bought it , and feel deceived by the packaging .
 The green beans were my third or fourth seed crop from the Aerogarden folks . Had great success with the herbs , and have been trying other crops to gauge my success and interest . Sadly , the green beans I considered a bust . I got one meager handful of beans from this ; no more . I 'm going back to the herbs after this.One thing that is a challenge with the beans - once they flower , you have to be your own `` bee '' to get them pollinated.Bottom Line
 Only 1 plant grew and then it died . I have two gardens and greenbeans do n't work.Everything else is a gardeners dream .
 WELL I ORDERED THIS ITEM AND KINDLY ASKED A CS REP IF THEY COULD SHIP THIS ASAP FOR ME , REASON BEING IS THAT I HAD TROUBLE GETTING THE AERO GARDEN THROUGH CUSTOMS AND IT ARRIVED WITHOUT MY SEED KIT . THE CS TOLD ME IT WOULD GET TO ME JUNE10-25TH , I SAID OK THATS FINE , 2 WEEKS . I JUST RECIEVED AN EMAIL SAYING THAT IT WILL ARRIVE TO ME JUNE25TH.wow I ASKED FOR HELP TO GET IT TO ME QUICKER AND ALL THIS REP DID WAS MAKE SURE I HAD TO WAIT A WHOLE MONTH FOR THIS PRODUCT TO GET TO ME , MY AERO GARDEN WAS HERE IN 2 WEEKS EXACLY WHY WOULD THE SEED KIT TAKE A WHOLE MONTH ??? NOT A HAPPY CUSTOMER , ALSO I WAS NOT GIVEN A TRACKING NUMBER .
 I started my first Aero Garden with great success ; it gave me more herbs than I could keep up with . However , when I ordered this International Basil seed kit , despite following the re-plant instructions to the letter , after about a month , I have just one basil sprout , approximately 3 cm above the label . The package says they 're `` guaranteed to grow '' but says nothing about how to redeem that guarantee if they do n't grow . Now I 've spent over $ 20 on something that did n't even work . What a waste !
 Shipping was fast . Grow tablets were sealed in celephane and , obviously , are giving off moisture as it is collecting in each separate pouch . Doubt they will last the year they are supposed to . Also , I am not `` couch potato as it says in the title .
 Do n't buy the cherry tomato seed kit unless you own the newer , higher aerogarden!I own the `` standard '' Aerogarden . This version has a maximum distance of about two feet from pods to lights . I had previously had a great experience growing the herbs . The tomatoes just needed a lot more headroom that my aerogarden provided . My harvest was a meager eight -LRB- if great-tasting -RRB- cherry tomatoes . I 've noticed that since my experience , Aerogarden has introduced a new version with a four foot headroom . I think the tomato seed kit should be clearly labelled as requiring the four foot version!Also , make certain to read the directions -- you 'll need to pollinate the tomato flowers by hand , which is a straightforward process that is clearly described.I 'm now planting another round of herbs .
 Do n't bother spending the money . Re-use the pods you already have . I 've picked up Rapid Rooters and Dyna-Gro 7-9-5 plant food from a hydroponics store , and I 've had no problems growing two batches of lettuce and herbs from my own seeds .
 Ok , I love the Aerogarden and it worked great with my last batch of herbs . But the tomatos grow very fast and even with tons of trimming , I ca n't seem to keep them away from the lights . But that is not the biggest problem . Since the roots are not attached to anything , the tomato plants fall over in all directions . You can TRY to follow the instructions to tie them up somehow but the reality with the garden is that it is not easy to do so . There is only the one hood support to use . So even using garden ties , velcro , etc , the plants are always flopping around . If Aerogrow is reading this - I have a suggestion for you
 I am working on my second Cherry Tomato seed kit . After about three months , the first crop provided about eight Cherry tomatoes . Hardly a bumper crop . During the growth I had to clean out the pump which got clogged with roots -LRB- more on that latter -RRB- . So I figured , ok , I had to disturb the root system when I had to clean out the pump , so perhaps that was the problem.I started a second crop of Cherry Tomatoes about three months ago . So far , I have had one marble sized yellow tomato . I also have an additional two , marble sized , yellow tomatoes ripening . I have not even seen any flowers on the two red tomato plants . The red tomato plants grow , but no tomato production.I am running out of plant nutrients . I checked AeroGrows site , and they want a ridiculous price for an additional package of plant nutrients . Corporate greed at its worse.I have read all of the reviews , and I see that about one-third of the Cherry tomato reviews are positive . That leaves two-thirds of Cherry Tomato reviews as negative . Adding my negative Cherry Tomato review drops the positive Cherry tomato reviews to 30 % positive , 70 % negative.Given that we are all growing these things under pretty well controlled conditions , I suggest that the Cherry tomato seed kits might have a limited shelf life , and AeroGrow could be selling their old kits.My negative review of AeroGrow 's cherry Tomato seed kit on their site was NOT PUBLISHED . So I published my review on Amazon.With respect to the AeroGrow garden , in my opinion , the location of the pump is flawed . It should not be located at the bottom of the tank because that is where the roots want to go . The pump should be located higher up on the tank , and it should be located in a position where it can be easily maintained , without damaging your crops . I hope someone else comes out with a competitive product . Frankly , I do n't like the way AeroGrow does business .
 The herb kit that came with my Aerogarden was superb and I enjoyed caring for my little garden . Once it was time to replace it , I purchased the cherry tomato seed kit . These also grew rapidly , but one day I noticed that they had completely fallen over ... how would I stake these on an Aerogarden ? And yes , the lights were as close to the plants as possible . I kind of leaned them against each other to keep them upright . But they still fell over several times . So they grew and grew but I never got any tomatoes . :-LRB- I also did follow the directions to ensure that they had complete darkness for proper flowering . Fortunately we have several tomato and cherry tomato plants in our outdoor vegetable garden . Unfortunately , I spent $ 20 on 3 cherry tomato Aerogarden plants and got zero yield .
 This is the kit I used first with my AeroGarden . It sprouted well and was ready to harvest in 3 weeks . My problem is that there is not enough lettuce for 2 dinner size salads . You are also supposed to only harvest 1/3 of the product , which is enough for a small side salad.It takes about a week from picking to be able to harvest again , and the plants do have long stems . I wo n't be getting this kit again . Hopefully the Herbs will be better .
 The International Basil kit only works in the 7 pod gardens , which is not specified anywhere in the product description . After realizing that the basil was not sprouting , I discovered the reason why - this kit is not compatible with the 6 pod garden - the pods are shorter and do not reach the water ! Very disappointed - my rating is due to the product description .
 This is my fourth AeroGarden kit and I am very disappointed in the quality of the kit . Only 4 of the seed pods have sprouted , leaving 3 not growing . The sprouting plants , 2 types of basil , 1 dill , and 1 mint , are growing very slowly and are very spindlyAeroGarden 0001-00Z Gourmet Herb Seed Kit . We always clean out our Aerogarden before planting a new kit . I bought this in August and I am going do have to remove the plants early , and start in again . I think this is an out-of-date kit . I would not recommend this product .
 Be warned
 I purchased two kits and only one plant grew from each kit . It was a waste of money . The plant is now dying and still not one tomato .
 So far we used 7 pods in the AeroGarden and only two have come up . Honestly those two are doing really well , but the rest are DOA !!!
 As much as I like the AeroGarden , I have to say I did not have any success with eh Tomato kit.Herbs seem to work great , but when it requires pollination -LRB- shaking the plant as per the instructions -RRB- , it does not work . I had tried the snow peas and they did not grow either.I am going to go back to herb kit -LRB- s -RRB- , Sean B. Hallidaywww.tricitiesguide.com
 Product did not deliver what was advertized . Out of 7 pods only 3 grew and I am disappointed .
 I wish I had seen the previous reviewer before I bought this ! It is 5 degrees lower than the actual temp . It is beautiful but a thermometer is to be acurate .
 This looks nice and was a good price but it does not keep very acurate records . In the morning it 's usually about 5 degrees below actual published temperature and in the daytime about 5 degrees over .
 Hello : I purchased 20 of the solar lights . I am located in California and have a very good share of sunshine . Dispite that , the best I get if 5-6 hours of light before each is dead or goes off . Therefore , in the winter , these lights are going to be very poor . The cheaper amber color lights have 2 AA cells , these only have one.Ever tried getting technical support , no email or toll free number!My advice , go elsewhere.Kevin
 I have one of these that I bought in a WalMart in Saint Louis , MO , in December of 2007 . It does n't work if you have more than about 2 inches of snow or if the snow at the bottom is n't dry and powdery . The way the blade is angled causes it to just glide over the top , pushing away the top layer , but leaving a packed layer at the bottom . To the three people below me who love it so much , try looking at WalMart , or better yet , come and get mine from me ; you can have it .
 We were looking for a low-cost greenhouse that could help extend the life of our plants and allow for a longer growing season . It really turned into a growing disaster , and it 's ugly to boot.All of our young seedlings were doing great when we put them in there around late March . They were healthy and 5 inches tall , or so . We had carefully nurtured them indoors for many weeks.Within a week , they had fried in the greenhouse . It was just too difficult to keep the air flow optimal on hot days . I 'm also not convinced it was warm enough during cold nights.We did transplant one seedling into a big pot and it did much better in the greenhouse , eventually moving outdoors and even growing fruit on it.Given it 's ugliness , though , and the fact that the plants were mostly killed , I would definitely not recommend it . Use an indoor window instead , and start your seeds a bit later.D . San
 I ordered this greenhouse for my niece for Christmas . It did not get delivered for Christmas . In fact , It NEVER got delivered . I recieved a notice that my return had been recieved and I would be getting a credit.I DID NOT RETURN IT ... IT WAS NEVER DELIVERED.When I contacted Bargain Outfitters I was informed it was returned as damaged by UPS.Only the purchase price was credited . I feel my shipping cost should also be refunded , since it was not delivered to my home at all!I am very disapointed , since I can not find another one anywhere else .
 My 11th month old has no interest in this toy at all . The plunger part is too hard to press down and she ca n't do it on her own .
 I received this toy as a gift for my 1-year old son . It was one of the most frustrating toys he 's had . The handle requires too much strenght to press down , so he was not able to operate it alone . He could press it down only when standing up -LRB- using his body weight -RRB- , but the size of the spinner made it very inconvinient to play this way
 My 10-month-old always wants to play with this toy as soon as I pull it out of the toybox , but she has a hard time actually getting it to do anything that interests her . She 's figured out that you have to depress the plunger to get the little balls to roll , but the plunger is too stiff for her so they barely move . It 's almost as good to just shake it and make the balls roll that way . But we have better rattling toys , so she usually lets this one roll away and plays with something else . Like another reviewer , I love that it 's a self-contained toy . Unfortunately , it 's also loud and bulky , so even though I had hoped it would be a good toy to take on outings , it 's just not practical . I still have hope that she might enjoy it more in a few months . If not , it 's going on the donation pile .
 I thought these would be a good deal since they are n't as ugly and just as safe . Wrong . When they came , they were scratched from only the packaging . I thought I could deal with it , but when I started doing dental work they would n't stop fogging . Then on the way home I dropped them about a foot and they got scratched in 5 other places ! They may look stylish and sleek , but do n't waste your time or money on this product .
 The item is great , but the description this company uses is incorrect . It is not a set of 4 . It is one pair .
 Very high quality - however , the diameter of the umbrella post is about 1/2 '' larger than a standard umbrella table hole ... it will not fit . This is a stand alone umbrella only and you will need the stand to hold it up .
 The umbrella came in ripped at the top and missing the cap . I contacted the manufacturer who said they would send a return label to ship it back , which I never received.I 'm tossing it , save your money and buy somewhere else .
 You get what you pay for , I would definitely not recommend this umbrella . The connection between the top and bottom poles are not snug causing the umbrella to wobble , the fabric in quite thin and the stitching shottty , also the wood is painted with a very unappealing stain which was sloppily allowed to drip and run on the brass fittings , however I found the service with Bargain Outfitters through Amazon to be excellent , I returned the item without hassle and received a full refund . I would purchase from them again .
 First the suncatcher I received was all blue and not multi colored . Second . . the butterflies were not evenly spaced . Four of them were at almost the same level and bumping and the bottom one was four inches below the next one up . Poorly put together . I bought this one to see what they looked like before ordering any more . I wo n't be ordering any others due to the poor construction . It took me a while to restring the butterflies but now they do hang evenly . Disappointed that it was not multicolored .
 I was very disappointed when my friend opened this on Christmas as it is only butterflies , no dragonflies as pictured both on the listing and also the picture on the box . I bought this because dragonflies hold a special significance for my friend , so basically it ruined the gift I intended . I chose the purple item when I ordered due to the dragonflies pictured . Be aware that if you purchase this you may not get what you see .
 I would not recommend this product . I could not get the refuse bag to stay on the unit securely and when I turn the garden hose on , the effect is to shoot a stream of water through the refuse bag , blasting away anything you might collect . You also need quite a bit of water pressure to get some worthwhile suction .
 I 'm considering returning this item . Although it did suck up a little bit of waste , the way it stirred up the water and make it murky , plus added a lot of other water to the pond was n't worth it . Atleast it did n't cost a fortune .
 What a disaster.Our water pressure is unusually robust , yet the bag filled with only about a half a cup of sediment from the bottom of our small pond even after 10 minutes of vacuuming .10 minutes of hosewater entering your pond fills it up pretty quick -- because there 's no drainage mechanism .1 -RRB- Remove about 10 buckets of water from your pond , because it 's gon na fill up fast .2 -RRB- Get some duct tape and attach your own extension handle , none is included .3 -RRB- After about 10 minutes with the bag full of maybe 1/2 cup of debris , give up.Why is no extension stick included ? Awful . How about putting in a screw end that fits every broom handle under the sun ? Nope . They want you to buy one from them.I would love to see a company representative demonstrate this.I 'm too embarrassed to ask for a refund . It would be like asking for a refund from a con man , I deserve it .
 GREAT ADDITION TO YARD FOR COLORING THINGS UP . IF WIND IS OVER 30 MPH , TAKE THEM IN OR GO LOOKING FOR THEM LATER . I BOUGHT 10 OF THEM AND THEY ALL CAME IN A SEPERATE BOX SO POSTAGE COST MORE THAN WIND WHEELS . THEY WOULD N'T COMBINE SHIPMENT AND 30 OF THEM WOULD OF FIT IN ONE BOX . THE WHEELS ON SOME ARE WOOBBELY AND YOU NEED TO PUT THE SMALL WHEEL IN THE BETWEEN THE 2 LARGER ONES SO THEY DO N'T HIT TOGETHER .
 I am surprised people said this is `` easy to assemble '' . Although no tools are required , the parts slip out of their holes very easily . Need too many hands to keep it to together during assembly . Not sure it is worth the effort . Was hoping to have it ready for my husband when he got home from work , but will need his help.Would love to know how people assembled it so quickly .
 LONG STORY SHORT ... THE PACKAGING SAYS `` IMMEDIATE '' RESULTS . THIS PRODUCT DID NOTHING , ZERO , NADA , TO THE PEA-SOUP IN MY POND . ACCORDING TO THE MANUFACTURER , WHEN I CALLED AND COMPLIANED , I WOULD NEED TO BALANCE OUT MY POND FIRST , ADD ALL SORTS OF OTHER PRODUCTS , AND `` MAYBE '' JUST `` MAYBE '' IT WOULD WORK IN 6-8 WEEKS.UNFORTUNATELY , IT DOES NOT ATTACK FREE FLOATING ALAGE ... BUT THE PACKAGING DOES N'T STATE THAT IT ONLY KILLS CERTAIN TYPES.I REQUESTED A REFUND , AND THEY ARE GIVING ME A HARD TIME .
 this stuff is for fish ponds but is deadly to everything that may drink from the pond
 When I received this product , I was shocked to read on the label that it is TOXIC TO BIRDS ! How can a product be considered `` green '' if it kills birds ?? How is it possible that the EPA is even allowing this product to be sold ? I would imagine that pretty much every application for it is for an outdoor water feature and that birds are drinking from it regularly . Another reviewer mentioned that she had seen birds drinking from her pond while she 's been using this and that there have been no problems . Well , how does she know ? The birds are probably dying somewhere else . Unfortunately , they ca n't read the label to see that they 're drinking poison . PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!
 I bought this product without reading the label completely . The label states that this product is Toxic for Birds . Since birds are splashing around and drinking from our pond all the time , there is no way I could possibly use this product in our pond . I am just waiting for our next Toxic Drop-off Day so that I can safely dispose of this junk . I ca n't believe they would market this product for use in ponds .
 Hmmm , I do n't think that is a moving blanket . Looks more like a garroting wire . Makes you wonder who proofreads these descriptions
 Tire on this wagon inadvertently over inflated and chinese-mad wheel exploded severing tips of three fingers and complete severance of radial artery in right arm . My client nearly bled to death . Buy a cart with non-pneumatic tires !!!
 I purchased and built a garden wagon kit similar to this from a local Woodcraft store . The kit was great , complete and had detailed plans describing assembly and how to make the basket for the wagon . Two of my neighbors loved my wagon and asked me to build them ones like mine . Unfortunately , Woodcraft discontinued their wagon kits . I was thrilled to find this kit on Amazon ... the kit looked to be an identical to the Woodcraft version . Unfortunately , it is not.When you buy this kit , you will receive a box of parts with no plans or instructions . If you like assembling Ikea crap , you will love trying to build work-arounds for this assemblage of parts . Just do n't pout about the lack of a cheesy alen wrench.The Woodcraft kit had a metal frame upon which the bottom of the wagon was attached . This metal frame also contained 4 square sockets which held posts that supported the wooden wagon basket . This kit did not include the 4 metal posts , either . There is no way to easily secure the basket to the box of parts . The box of parts included cheap plastic nuts to hold the wheels on the axels . PLASTIC NUTS ? Would it kill you to throw in 4 metal lock nuts for an extra 25 cents?The kit has been so cost-reduced that it is a major pain to assemble , requires a trip -LRB- and donation -RRB- to Home Depot to acquire the parts that are required to make this box of parts a complete kit . The sad thing is that returning the kit is probably half the cost of the kit itself.While the end product is a fun and excellent project , this `` kit '' is not worth your effort ... . It is good for is raising your blood pressure and making you feel that you 've made a foolish purchase that requires an over investment of your time . I 'm an accomplished woodwork with the tools and skills to figure out a solution . But I 'd rather be making furniture than building a work-around to a problem that should not exist.If you do buy this box of parts ... you will probably find the plans from Woodcraft invaluable
 The fumes from the tires was/is so bad and I had to store this outside . An all around cheap product.Also , Northern Tool and Equipment now send me unsolicited catalogs and emails . I have asked them twice to stop with no result .
 I have owned a lynx grill for a year and a half and it has broken down 4 times . The first 3 times it was under warranty -LRB- one year -RRB- and was paid for by Lynx . The same problem persists and now they want us to pay because it is out of warranty . I had thought they would cover the cost since the problem involves a flame about 2 feet high blasting out from the grill - it burned all of the hair off of my arm and nearly took off my son 's eyebrows . The Lynx people chastised me -LRB- ! -RRB- for allowing the propane to build up -LRB- I was following their extravagant instructions exactly -RRB- , said it was heavy and I should not use propane with their grill - that is what it is made for . Anyway , a huge amount of money thrown in the trash . I am going to see if I can get any simple grills from Home Depot on sale . Please do not make the same mistake I did ! and please be careful when lighting the grill . It is an emergency waiting to happen .
 I guess that this is one of those instances where cheaper is not better . I thought that I was getting a real deal as the price was really enticing . But when the blades arrived , and they did arrive quickly I might say . I put them on my Sears 42 '' riding mower and commenced to mow . But the blades did not cut properly -LRB- some of the grass was missed -RRB- in the strip that I was cutting there was grass that was only partially cut , and the grass was only six inches high . Also there was a lot of vibration . I stopped the mower and checked to see that everything was alright with the mower , and that I might not have installed the blades properly , but I could not find anything wrong . So I attempted to mow again but encountered the same problem . So I removed the new blades nad reinstalled my old blades and everything was fine . In my opinion these blades are junk and I will not purchase any more from Mowtown .
 These Shears broke in two pieces after about 10 minutes of use . The blade only goes up apprx . 1/4 inchinto the plastic and unless you are using this for `` dead-heading '' small blossoms I would not recommend this.I am a great big fan of Fiskars and almost all my tools for gardening are theirs , but they blew it on this one.I have since ordered `` Bonsai Shears '' which are from Japan they last for years , never get dull and will cut withease almost everything up to 1/4 '' and cost less than # 9638 floral shears .
 I found these grass shears to be too lightweight to handle the heavier bunches of grass . Bunches just bent as the blades just separated because they are so thin . I returned them , and will go on the lookout for the traditional shears , those with heavier blades .
 While I have purchased Fiskars products in the past and loved them , these shears broke on the second time out . The side screw holding the blades together are mounted in plastic , the screw came loose , so the blades did not touch each other . When trying to tighten the screw into the plastic base , IT STRIPPED!These have to be the WORST garden shears that I have ever owned , or should I say briefly owned , as they are in the Trash!Gardena -LRB- German Made -RRB- are much better then the Fiskars , and way better then the Chinese made cheap versions that you find locally in your Big Box Stores .
 I bought these last fall thinking they 'd be great to trim the grass along the walk way . I do n't remember using them at all last year ; today I pulled them out of the storage space in the garage and discovered the blades refuse to close together . They stay open about an inch and a half ! There is no way to adjust the closure space so I guess I just paid for a piece of junk . Too bad , the other Fiskar products we have are great . They missed to boat on this one and need to go back to the drawing board .
 Fiskars could have done a lot better with these shears ! They pinch your hands and do n't cut worth a hoot !
 It was working good like Fiskars products usually do , and then the right blade broke where the connecting post fits in . It did this just trimming the edge of my grass where my lawnmower misses.My conclusion is that this should not have happened except for a manufacting defect in the metal or how it was assembled . A previous review states theirs has been working great for over 3 years . Well , sorry to mess up this products 5 star rating ; but the truth is Fiskars needs better quality control for this product .
 After reading through the reviews for this product I can only assume that something went wrong at the factory when my shears were made . I have a brand new pair of these Fiskars grass shears and they do n't cut grass . The blades appear to be very sharp , but also very loose . I can only assume poor quality control at the factory . There is little or no engagement of the blades and when I attempt to cut grass the cutting blades separate and do little more than bend the grass . I always look for the fiskars name when purchasing cutting instruments for the garden , and I am very disappointed in this product .
 These could not have been tested by humans before they were sold to the public . You have three choices of where to place your thumb while cutting grass . On top of the handle , where you can not maintain a good grip , right on the locking button , whereby you are constantly locking them while trying to cut , and thirdly , below the button where a nasty blood blister awaits you when you pinch the crap out of your digits.On the positive side , -LRB- which earns the 2nd star -RRB- , they have a very light action , and they 're lightweight , so you can throw them into your worst neighbor 's yard and let them get the crap pinched out of them.Pass on these , please .
 Nice idea but unlike the majority of Fiskars products , this one literally does n't make the cut . Have owned for about a year but only use occassionally - typically for small branches . When doing some trimming yesterday the blade snapped right in half about an inch from the base of the blade - ie , the larger part of the blade . Quality simply is n't there and is not up to par with other Fiskar products . Very good for small branches - do n't rely on it for thicker ones .
 i primarily bght this based on the reviews . where were they coming from i ask after seeing this cheap , flimsy , overpriced excuse for a saw . the one for ten bucks at harbor freight would be the better buy , i shoulda stuck with that.this has a very light plastic handle with a screw knob to tighten the extended blade . the blade will not extend with the belt clip in . a rather foolish design element , not to mention the belt attachment easily comes off the knife ... and there would go the saw , lost in the woods.i feel rather ripped off in quality and price -LRB- having paid 12.10 -RRB- . imagine how bad you would feel at paying more . this thing at best is worth only ten bucks , and that is iffy . small priced things as this is not worth sending back , but i would never have bought this had i actually seen and held it.addendum ; would lower to a one star if possible ; 1 . the blade soon becomes dull . hard work then to even cut thru a 2inch oak branch .2 . the screw does not hold the blade when cutting ; i have had the blade slip back inside the housing ... and yes , i tightened the screw pretty good .3 . the blade will bend and flex , to the point when today cutting some manzanita the blade flexed and snapped , loosing about 3/4 '' of the blade tip .4 . the belt clip is more a gimmick than of any real use .
 Guess what -- I just dealt with Fiskars for their folding saw . Turns out that lifetime does not mean lifetime on everything . What 's the most important part of a folding saw -- the ability to actually cut . Well , you see , Fiskars does not feel that their cutting edge should be covered by a lifetime warrantee . When you hear such things , you suddenly take note of lots of other competitive alternatives .
 The design is good but quality of workmanship is lower than the ones made in Finland . Should be good for a few runs . Fiskars should make more in Finland even at higher retail price.Edit
 Just received my new 7947 , replacing an old trusty rusty 7947 which has served me longer than I can remember . I was immediately crestfallen upon opening the package to read
 We bought this and used it at the family reunion . It only killed the bugs for the first 20 minutes . After that , it just glows blue and attracts the bugs , but does n't kill them . We though maybe it was n't fully charged . After charging it all night and all day , when we took it out that evening and it still only zapped the first 20 minutes . What a waste !!! We tried this 5 nights in a row and finally put it in the dumpster . Good riddance . T
 The lamp worked fine for a couple of month . But you have to send the lamp to customer service to have the bulb changed . This would have cost $ 25 . Do n't buy the product .
 This was a real find - a rechargable zapper that worked indoors and out . The light died after one year of steady use inside and out . The light was excellent as well for those late nights on the deck.Wish it had lasted longer .
 This and other bug zappers are totally bogus for outdoor use . I learned the hard way and ate my cost after buying one of these . Indoors they will attract most flies/moths , but outdoors you basically want them to kill mosquitoes and they absolutely do NOT attract or kill mosquitoes , only other bugs , including some beneficial ones that EAT mosquitoes . This technology has been proven ineffective for years .
 Unfortunately , this item is not worth your money . Yes , it does work and zaps those annoying flying critters , but the enclosed light bulb does n't last ; within a couple of days it started to fade away , and that 's having it plugged into the AC adapter ! Further , you ca n't replace this bulb . This has been an expensive learning experience . Save your money .
 With its geared action and medium size , this is a very handy tool , suitable for a variety of jobs.On the plus side , its very light -LRB- compared with competitor products -RRB- , comfortable , easy to use and cuts well . Unlike other loppers -LRB- such as the 17 '' version from the same company -RRB- , the cutting blade can be replaced which is a great bonus.On the down side is the unique jaw shape which probably prevents the slipping of the brunch during cutting , however , this feature requires maximal opening of the handles . The result - access to dense vegetation in narrow places is severely limited . -LRB- The parallel Felco loppers have a narrow jaw , and although higher in price , proved being much more practical for my use -RRB- .
 I killed these gloves in little under a month . To be fair I wore them a lot and was doing lots of brushing with them . They may be ok for construction , but I would n't buy them again .
 Several years ago , I bought my husband a pair of Youngstown 's General Utility Plus gloves , which he used and abused doing everything from yardwork to HVAC to car repairs to construction . He loved those gloves , but they were getting ratty . I got him the Pro XT , thinking from the description and price that these were an upgrade . They literally fell apart within a month , and he 's back in his same old Youngstowns .
 I work with my hands and require TOUGH gloves.These do n't make the grade.These are way overpriced for how long they last.I believed the hype of the item description and bought multiple pairs , thinking they would last me a long time.Kevlar stitching ! Triple padded palm ! Yadda , yadda , yadda.They lasted three days before the threads began to slowly wear away.THREE days!They were completely gone on several fingers , especially the thumbs within two weeks.Without the stitches , the gloves slowly start to come apart , finger by finger.There is not enough stitching in other areas , also.The velcro strap at the wrist was nearly off on the left glove within the first week.They also make your hands stink!There is almost no ventilation in these gloves and your hands get hot and sweaty!If I throw them in a washer on top of the normal wear , they will disintegrate that much faster.I used them for 4 weeks and by that time there are loose flaps of material on nearly every finger , and the first hole had appeared.A crappy pair of ordinary leather work gloves will last nearly as long , and they are much cheaper.For 4 times that price of a cheap pair of gloves , I expect 4 times the durability.Does no one make a TRULY long lasting glove any more ?
 Was not worth the money . Blade bent for apparently no real good reason . I pushed the lawn tractor out of the way to make sure I did not hit anything which I did not . There was no evidence of any impact to the blade itself . I was mowing in a bit of a sandy area and apparently the sand heated the blade and it simply bent downward and plowed into the ground . I have never had a blade do that . So do n't waste your money like I did .
 This is amazingly useless . The black light is nice and attracts bugs from all around , but the zapper is so weak , the bugs crawl across the wires with no harm done . Piece of junk .
 I wish I had seen the other review before purchasing this . It is a waste of money.You get a nice blue light that has yet to kill any bugs ... Have had it plugged in for two weeks and I 've got the bug bites to prove it ...
 This unit is in its third exterior makeover , but the guts to the system are the same . Bulb life is less then one year , and the cost to ship it back to the vendor exceed a new purchase price . We tried putting a new bulb in it , and it did not work , so was trashed . Guess they think that if they make a quality product , no one will purchase a second one . Such a waste of what could be a very nice item . We are working with modifying it to work with LED lights .
 The UV light is so faint that it will attract bugs only if there are no other lights on that they can be lured to . The zapper only creates 2000 volts which sounds like a lot but only the smallest bugs are fried by it . The grid was designed to let in only small bugs and is hard to alter , but I did it with a diamond bit . Then some bigger moths got in there and just played around all night !
 I have a gnat problem and these work well but they dont last , seems like the more they kill the shorter the bulb lasts . A few weeks at best when it 's highly utilized .
 The plastic case surrounding the light has terribly small grid spacing ... only the smallest gnats can actually make it to the coil . Unbelievably bad product .
 This bug zapper was working great when I first got it . Within a few days , there were ` nt any noticeable bugs flying around the house . After about 2 weeks though , the bulb is partially burnt out . It only glows in the center of the tube , and doenst attrack bugs anymore . I will be contacting the manufacturer to replace this for me , and I am dissapointed it 's quality was so poor .
 This thing was a waste of money , in the time that I have had it , all that it killed was 2 UFO bugs , and added to my electric bill , I would NOT tell anyone to buy this .
 The Sunbeam Cordless Bug Zapper Model #SB 975 did n't last very long . It lasted beyond the 30 days since I purchased it , so Champion would n't accept the return . BUT ... about 2 months after receiving it , the light stopped working ... it never attracted very many bugs anyway ... this bug zapper supposedly has a 2 year warranty ... I tried calling the toll free number only to get a `` Let 's Talk '' recording ... obviously not Sunbeam . If you have a valid number for Sunbeam customer service , please share . I 'd like to get my money back and purchase a better brand .
 I think the unit is defective . It sparks every second it is plugged in , and it 's not bugs making it spark . I unplugged it . Tonight
 Arrived in a timely manner , but banded and put in a simple priority mailing box . Planted from the top of the box ; the bundles were unlabeled . Then the last two bundles were labeled `` Purple Passion '' ! Did I get any Jersey Supreme ? Time will tell , but I will be very disappointed if this patch I plan to keep for years is not the variety I paid for .
 In looking for webbing to replace the webbing on my patio chair , I find the actual patio chair for sale ! I am not surprised to see the low ratings , although I have not had a problem with the chair actually injuring me . On both the small chair and the chaise lounge the beige stripe in the webbing has disintegrated . I must say that , after four attempts , a very nice person at RIO said , ok , we 'll mail you new chairs . And they did ! They sent tubular-frame chairs with solid material - I wo n't have the webbing problem . But I actually like the original chairs because they are heavy , substantial and the color scheme matched my balcony . Which is why I did n't just throw them out last year when this problem became apparent . Which is why I am on this site looking for webbing as a last-ditch effort to save the chairs from the landfill . I was just about to start ripping the old stuff out ... I wish they would just fix what is wrong with the manufacturing and continue to offer solid chairs and possibly a webbing repair kit .
 Poor quality . Will keep it ONLY because it weighs a little less than the Titanic and shipping would kill me .
 This product is far below standads , I 'm glad trhat I did not pay fullprice for these units I purchased two lounges and had to some fit-its to both .
 I purchased two , online at Kmart.The chairs are not safe . I have pinched my fingers several times , drawing blood.Today it happened to my wife.My God . Are n't these tested at all .
 Bought this for my mower and after 1 year of use the blade bent in multiple places and then cracked in the middle.Seems they are making everything now with inferior materials . Do not buy this rubbish.To be honest I did use the blade for heavy bush because I live in the Caribbean . But this just proves how inferior this product really is . And even if you are cutting lawn grass if you hit a hard object with this blade you can bet its gon na crack in half .
 This problem did absolutely nothing for my roach infestation , but as I understand it there are multiple types of roaches and mine were n't the big kind that scurry when you turn a light on , they were bold thin/longer ones that come out in the daylight too and do n't seem to mind the light at night.This product did NOTHING for them , even though I poured it generously all behind the oven and the refrigerator and so on.Here 's what finally did work ... Our former upstairs neighbor created a roach problem due to filth -LRB- after slipping into a drug habit and eventually needing to be taken away by the police for a psych evaluation -RRB- , and suddenly for the first time in our lives we not only had a roach problem , we had an infestation -LRB- even seeing them during the day , which , when that happens , means they 're overcrowded in the walls and so on , and out looking for food away from the rest of the colony -RRB- . What finally worked , after trying many other things , was to bomb the place with Raid Max Concentrated Fogger . I used Raid Max Concentrated Fogger in every room on the same day and it did indeed reduce the problem significantly and gave me a head start on getting a handle on it , but there were still a few stragglers for the next few days -LRB- it was that bad -RRB- . In addition to Raid Max Fogger , I used Combat Source Kill -LRB- in cupboards , drawers , under the refrigerator , and so on -RRB- so any stragglers might take the bait back to their nests , share it , and wipe out the colony , and I also bought boric acid at my local Walgreens.These three products -LRB- and three different approaches to solving the problem -RRB- used in combination worked in about half a week -- finally.I poured the boric acid behind the stove and refrigerator and in areas where I had frequently seen roaches so knew they had a traffic pattern.Less than a week later , and they 're gone finally , but this product alone wo n't do it . You want all three.As I understand it , from research on the Net , you want to take a multi-pronged approach and use something like a household fogger , something like the Combat Source Kill traps in cupboards and so on so any remaining roaches take the bait back to their nests , and you want to keep your place scrupulously clean -LRB- even vacuuming things like crumbs from in and around a toaster -RRB- so that when you put out boric acid that 's all the food source they 'll have and they 'll eat it . You also can -LRB- and should -RRB- get diatomaceous earth to sprinkle about under beds and so on to get rid of any number of bedbugs , fleas , and other insects -LRB- even microscopic ones -RRB- before they become a problem , and then vacuum regularly with a HEPA filter bag in your vacuum cleaner.After NOTHING I did for a long time worked , this combination of approaches finally worked . -LRB- And to make it worse there are multiple kinds of cockroaches and some things that work for some do n't much work on others , so a multi-pronged approach is the way to go here . -RRB- Good luck !
 This item did n't work for our home . On the other hand , we have to clean full house for this messy powder . : -LRB-
 The item did not work the bugs cruised around in it and it did nothing to them , theres actually more bugs than usual
 I never do reviews but I jus had to ... IT DOES N'T WORK AT ALL . I LOST A FEW DOLLARS . save urs .
 When I bought this I put it almost everywhere in the kitchen I gave it 24 hours then I saw BIGGER roaches !! I gave an other 24 hours then I saw more ! did n't kill any of them so basically this product feeds the roaches and makes them bigger trust me ! they just make you pay money for nothing I would n't recommend this powder for any one !
 I 've had this hose for under 6 months . The nozzle that came with it did not last very long at all , which was n't a huge deal . I bought a better nozzle and replaced the one that came with it . Then recently the metal hose end detached from the rubber hose . Due to the location it 's impossible to fix with tape and I now have to replace the hose . You should purchase a hose that does n't connect directly to the metal end , one that has a plastic connection between the two would last longer and that 's the type I will be buying next .
 should have waited till I got my generator to order this plug supposed to be L14-30 not l5-30 plug my own fault
 This cable was recommended for this generator , but there is no outlet for it , and it does ` nt fit and ca n't be used.How can I return it now that we have had it for three weeks?Coleman cable 01912 25foot 10/3 Generator Power Cord with l5-30 plug and 3 outlets is not compatible with Duro Star 4400 -LRB- E -RRB- Generator .
 This item was bundled by Amazon with my 4400E generator and with a generator cover with ` one click purchase ' for all three . The generator is great however uses L14-30 connector and NOT the L5-30 that this cable supplies , so can not be used together . Also the generator cover is not recommended -LRB- see separate review -RRB- . However Amazon does carry a 40 foot cable with L14-30 connectors for only $ 99 .
 Although the cable has a 30 amp male plug , it is only rated for 15 amps . Rather misleading ... had I known this I would not have bought it . That said the cable is 10 guage and at 25 ' the rating seems a bit conservative .
 This cord is a high quality cord but the wrong choice for the generator it was purchased with . I bought the three item set of generator , cover and cord . The generator is good , the cover is cheap and lightweight , the cord does n't even plug into the generator because the cord cap configuration is not availiable on the generator . Wow , shop carefully . Ca n't even use this purchase without buying an adpater or replacing the cord cap . Ouch !
 I bought theChampion Power Equipment 46534 4,000 Watt 4-Cycle Gas Powered RV Ready Portable Generator With Wheel Kit -LRB- CARB Compliant -RRB- as a gift for my father . Told my brother to buy this cable to go with it since I noticed other people bought this cable who had also purchased this generator . The plug on this cable does not work with this generator . The cable 's plug is only slightly off , but it 's off enough that you will have to spend 22 dollars to buy the correct plug . Other than that the cable appeared to be heavy duty and of good quality .
 The end plug has 3 prongs , and the generator will accept only a 4 prong cord . Why does Amazon advertise this as an accessory ? I had to return the cord . Glad I did n't wait for a storm to try it .
 I 'd like to review this cable but to do it I would need the generator . Both were ordered August 28 2011 . Got the cable in about 10 days . Still have n't got the generator . Just today got a note from Amazon that the generator is not available to ship . Do I still want it ? , check here . I 'm really annoyed . I could have bought this somewhere else and had it by now . I do n't think my cancelling the order makes things even . I 've been waiting and continue to wait . It 's cost them nothing and me over a month plus I have this $ 75.00 cable sitting on my workbench.Not happy about this.I can not leave this note without saying that Amazon.com is the absolute best place to buy anything and everything . They backup their products like no other company . Their customer service is superior and I will continue to make them my primary source for pretty much everything I buy . This item , however , annoys me and the fact that I can cancel the generator after waiting more than a month does not make me feel better .
 I RAKED ABOUT TWO LARGE GARBAGE BAGS OF LEAVES WITH THIS RAKE AND BEFORE THE SECOND BAG WAS FULL , THE TELESCOPING HANDLE COULD NO LONGER BE TIGHTENED , WHEN I HAD FILLED THE SECOND BAG , THE PLACE WHERE THE TINES ARE HELD TO THE RAKE TWISTED OFF AND BROKE . I HAVE HAD RAKES LIKE THIS BEFORE WHICH HAVE LASTED AND LASTED . DO N'T BUY THIS BRAND .
 The only good thing I can say about this is it was pretty when we first hung it . But we soon discovered it was not at all practical as even the smallest amount of rain quickly filled the splash pan at the bottom with no way to direct the rain run-off . Then , instead of turning green as you would expect from copper , it merely turned a dull gray brown . And I would definitely not recommend it for a PA winter . The first time the water in it froze , it broke into pieces .
 This cable was recommended for this generator , but there is no outlet for it , and it does ` nt fit and ca n't be used.How can I return it now that we have had it for three weeks?Coleman cable 01912 25foot 10/3 Generator Power Cord with l5-30 plug and 3 outlets is not compatible with Duro Star 4400 -LRB- E -RRB- Generator .
 This item was bundled by Amazon with my 4400E generator and with a generator cover with ` one click purchase ' for all three . The generator is great however uses L14-30 connector and NOT the L5-30 that this cable supplies , so can not be used together . Also the generator cover is not recommended -LRB- see separate review -RRB- . However Amazon does carry a 40 foot cable with L14-30 connectors for only $ 99 .
 Although the cable has a 30 amp male plug , it is only rated for 15 amps . Rather misleading ... had I known this I would not have bought it . That said the cable is 10 guage and at 25 ' the rating seems a bit conservative .
 This cord is a high quality cord but the wrong choice for the generator it was purchased with . I bought the three item set of generator , cover and cord . The generator is good , the cover is cheap and lightweight , the cord does n't even plug into the generator because the cord cap configuration is not availiable on the generator . Wow , shop carefully . Ca n't even use this purchase without buying an adpater or replacing the cord cap . Ouch !
 I bought theChampion Power Equipment 46534 4,000 Watt 4-Cycle Gas Powered RV Ready Portable Generator With Wheel Kit -LRB- CARB Compliant -RRB- as a gift for my father . Told my brother to buy this cable to go with it since I noticed other people bought this cable who had also purchased this generator . The plug on this cable does not work with this generator . The cable 's plug is only slightly off , but it 's off enough that you will have to spend 22 dollars to buy the correct plug . Other than that the cable appeared to be heavy duty and of good quality .
 The end plug has 3 prongs , and the generator will accept only a 4 prong cord . Why does Amazon advertise this as an accessory ? I had to return the cord . Glad I did n't wait for a storm to try it .
 I 'd like to review this cable but to do it I would need the generator . Both were ordered August 28 2011 . Got the cable in about 10 days . Still have n't got the generator . Just today got a note from Amazon that the generator is not available to ship . Do I still want it ? , check here . I 'm really annoyed . I could have bought this somewhere else and had it by now . I do n't think my cancelling the order makes things even . I 've been waiting and continue to wait . It 's cost them nothing and me over a month plus I have this $ 75.00 cable sitting on my workbench.Not happy about this.I can not leave this note without saying that Amazon.com is the absolute best place to buy anything and everything . They backup their products like no other company . Their customer service is superior and I will continue to make them my primary source for pretty much everything I buy . This item , however , annoys me and the fact that I can cancel the generator after waiting more than a month does not make me feel better .
 should have waited till I got my generator to order this plug supposed to be L14-30 not l5-30 plug my own fault
 I have a buddy who 's into electronic gadgets -- and likes to go camping as well . I thought this would be the perfect gag gift.It 's a battery-powered marshmallow toaster . There are three prongs to hold three marshmallows . When you press the button , the fork rotates.Unfortunately , this is best used for a gag gift , as it is not well-made . If you actually plan on using it for seriously roasting marshmallows , you 're going to be disappointed . An actual campsite test of this gadget revealed that the main spindle is too short for a real fire , meaning that you 're going to end up melting the plastic of the handle or burning your hand before long . Perhaps they sell extenders separately ?
 I bought the TORO model 2450 GTS single stage 5hp manual start . It is only good for light fluffy snow ... NOT HEAVY SNOW !!!! If you get pounded by the great lakes snow ... get a 2-stage !!! My belt from the TORO model 2450 GTS single stage 5hp was sqeeking all day on the HEAVY SNOW ... the HAND SHOVEL was the only solution.BUYER BEWARE ... only good for light fluffy snow !!
 This is a cute , complete kit , fun for kids to use . We first covered ours with outdoor acrylic paint -LRB- bought separately -RRB- , then used the included paints on top.Unfortunately , the opening at the bottom of the birdseed hopper is so large that all the birdseed spills out of the tray . We tried several varieties of birdseed , including sunflower seeds , but the opening is just too large.I suppose you could nail a large gauge mesh screen to the bottom of the hopper ... but it would be easier to just purchase a more functional , ready-to-paint birdfeeder from a craft store .
 Wish I had a better experience ... I bought a brand new Kipor 3000 and within 3 months and approximately 30hrs of use the motor blew . . I mean BLEW ... Crankshaft and camshaft are in pieces ... Buy the way , oil had been changed 3 times prior to engine failure ... After contacting Kipor I was told since it was bought from a non-kipor retailer -LRB- wholesaler -RRB- they would not honor any warrantee . Kipor can not even provide me with information on where I could buy a replacement engine . . THEY HAD NO CLUE WHERE ONE COULD BE HAD . Amazing.Bottom line , if you buy from anyone that is not a Kipor retailer you have no support . and who would buy a generator that the engine self distructs this fast ... At least Honda and Yamaha will cover product for one year regardless of where you bought the product . Pay the extra money and get a quality product with support . Mine is a boat anchor in my garage now ...
 I bought my Kipor KGE300Ti 3 yrs ago , no problems , change oil often , use it to run our small cabin , then all the sudden it stopped generating , took it to where I bought it , , They dont sell or service them any more , , I ask Why , they said too expensive to repair , , If you got extended warranty , they could n`t even get parts.My stator went out , windings came loose , , I found a new one , , , $ 549.00 plus labor , over $ 1000 to fix it So I guess these are Disposable.Save your little bit of money you save when buying this Kipor and get a YAMAHA or HONDA , , I got a YAMAHA and it came with a 4 yr warranty , and you and I know YAMAHA is going any where .
 I wish I would have known before I bought it . You get what you pay for , and this seemed like a real bargain . You would think a 3000 watt generator for $ 800 would be a piece of junk . Well you would be right . The sales literature says it is one of the best selling generators in Europe . Of course the Yugo was a great seller there too . I did n't know it was Chinese when I bought it . That might explain the quality . It wo n't power a small microwave in a truck camper . It will actually start and run about 10 % of the time . I 've had the carburator apart many times to get it working again ... for a short time . Now it seems to be an electrical problem . Of course no one in my city of 500,000 population will work on it . Most local generator companies have n't even heard of it . Want to save a few dollars ? Buy a Honda or a Yamaha and save by having a quality machine that will last a lot longer .
 I could not get service or parts for this generator in a city of 250,000 .
 The old one that came with the pool ... the tightening system broke , which never worked anyways as any small breeze that came through blows it into the pool and if it 's a heavy gusts ... into the neighbors yard . So I clamped them down to the pull which worked great until the tarp tore where the clamps were . Ordered this pile of junk and tightened it for the first time and it ripped , so already , the tightening system is out the window . Had a small storm blow up with 10-12 mph wind gusts and it blew it into the pool . Typical ... it 's designed to keep crap out of the pool but really the only time I need it around here is for storms so it does n't blow dust and debris in . Anyways , put it back on and went back to the old clamps . I 'm sure I 'll get a couple of weeks out of it before I have to junk this one as well . Intex needs to figure out some sort of system for these covers because what they offer now ... does n't work . Oh , and btw ... what 's with the stupid holes in this one ? I put the cover on to keep junk OUT of my pool , not let it build up on the tarp until it finds it 's way in through the many holes placed on these goofy wastes of money !!! I 'm ready for the end of this summer so I can junk this entire pool system , light it on fire , piss on it , shoot it , and cuss it for the last time ... that will probably be just about the only happiness it has brought me since I 've had the goofy thing . Oh ... and it 's not a toy .
 I have a cover that came with my pool and it had holes for water to drain -LRB- and all the crap on the cover went right into the pool -RRB- . Needless to say this cover ripped and did not stay on the pool within months.It is n't worth covering my wood pile .
 The pool cover is n't even paid for yet and has already torn to shreds after last night 's storm came through . The same thing happened with the original cover . For a month we could not get it to stay on the pool . We tried several different solutions , even clamped it on the frame . It blew off three times , then tore to shreds last night . I emailed Intex for suggestions on how to keep the cover on the frame but received no reply . Now we have two useless covers and will have to drain the pool for the winter . What a bummer .
 This pool cover would not tighten around the sides of the pool without riping the sides of the cover . Once I got it semi-tightened down around the pool , it blew off the sides and is now floating in the pool . It was unfortuanately a waste of money in my case .
 I just ordered this pool cover without looking at the reviews ... . That was a terrible mistake !! This is no fault of the sellers ' . This is a horrible cover !! It 's impossible to tighten , wo n't stay off the water , sinks in the pool at the smallest breeze or sprinkle and instantly tore on the first use -LRB- tightening -RRB- ! The cover is better left off ! It also does n't come with any instructions or tips on how to put it on . Probably the worst product I have ever purchased ! This was a major fail by Intex hopefully they fix this issue so they stop ripping off their customers .
 These covers are not cheap so you 'd expect them to at least least 6 months , but it only lasted 4 month ! It has air holes where the water slowly leaks through and makes it heave so it sinks it all the time . With time it just made it vulnerable to tear .
 The pool cover worked for a bit , but then teared when a tree branch fell on it . It also tore where the rope is to tighten it . Then it was very difficult to use .
 You will be disappointed . Just is n't made to last due to weather . Do n't buy !
 Yes , it is a bargain so I suppose that should of clued me in . In the end it 's only a few dollars so I 'm not that upset but I did loose out on time . What I do n't like is that the flag is basically see-through , which is of cheap construction . Just wanted to post this for others looking for a higher quality product .
 The flag was really thin . Could easily make out facial features of my son on the other side looking through it without additional lighting . If you 're just going to hang it on the wall it 's fine if you do n't mind being able to see the poor match-up of fabric near the grommets through the white .
 Used at a volleyball game so friends could find us amongst many other nets . There was a pleasant breeze that afternoon , but that was enough to tear off both grommets and the threading . It 's very thin , lightweight fabric that you can see through . I will now spend more for a higher-quality nylon version .
 I ordered this flag as a gift . They sent me a different flag than pictured and I do not like it at all . They should picture the actual flag that is being sent .
 I ordered 3 pirate flags , from 2 different companies , for my father for Fathers Day . I received 2 of them , however , the one from this company never showed up . When contacted , the only thing the company wanted to know was why I did n't order all 3 flags from their company . Never once did they ask to find out what happened to my order , or offer to refund me , or send me the damn flag . I give them an `` F '' as a company , and in customer service . Thanks , Clint , I know what company I wo n't be referring to my friend 's , or my parents nonprofit pirate organization ...
 flag is way to thin , do n't see this lasting . the gromets are n't aligned on the edge , one is actually half way on the flag , this has already torn .
 They sent me a different flag than the one shown in the picture . The one I 've received has the bones behind the skull , and it does n't have a black eye !!!
 in the package there was n't any patch!Only the flag ... It was a Christmas gift for my daughter and I 'm disappointed !
 Either we 've got some REALLY smart squirrels or there 's a flaw in this product 's design . The brackets that close the top of this otherwise well designed globe is a weak point . Squirrels always find the weakest point in a feeder 's openings . These furry tailed rats were able to easily overcome the top metal brackets and open the top lid of the feeder since there was no other back-up lock on the lid . Good news ... fix the two metal top brackets and you 've built a better ` mouse trap ' ... or squirrel proof globe in this case .
 While feeding , the red squirrel , perched conveniently inside the globe , can feed to its heart content . As long as the squirrel is inside the feeder , no bird will approach.I tell my mother-n-law to stop filling the feeder . But she insists , `` the squirrels have to eat as well '' . Sigh .
 liked a gazing ball stand which I have been looking for . No dimensions ? Height is ESSENTIAL info ! So is the size ball it could fit !!!!!!!!!!!! Come on , you are n't going to sell many lacking basic info . I am not going to gamble . MOVING ON !!!!!
 Needs more description , i.e. , 24 inches high , wrought iron , etc.Are we supposed to guess and cross our fingers ???
 I had mine for several and the biggest problem I found is that it throws the snow straight in front of you , I have a large area to clear and with the Power Shoves it takes me longer than if I used a regular shovel , with about the same amount of work . When the snow is over 4 inches you have to lift it up and blow about 2 inches of snow first then lower it and blow the rest . If the wind keeps changing you blow the snow back in your face , if you have a long sidewalk you blow the same snow over and over . Every time I started to use it , I stopped and used a regular shovel . It was great for clearing my 12 ` x12 ' deck but no good for the driveway or sidewalk . If you have a large area to shovel you would be better off with the Toro 1800 Power Curve Snowthrower.You can direct the snow right or left and it will clear 12 '' deep snow with no problems .
 First snow of the season . This thing is worthless . I had to partially disassemble it after I tested it -LRB- right out of the box -RRB- to put the belt back on the pulley mechanism . Then , the first patch of powder snow I tried caused the belt to slip off again . You can tell by the screeching sound -LRB- like a vacuum cleaner roller getting jammed -RRB- . If you run it a little without moving snow , the plastic scoop blade will gradually start to turn . It wo n't stand to any depth of snow . Well , maybe an inch or so of powder . If you need to move a few inches and have to pass over it a few times it becomes difficult to keep holding the unit and keep your hand on the control switch . Gets tiring quickly , especially when you think how much easier it would be just to use a shovel.Can ' t believe anyone uses this , let alone like it . Now , what 's Toro 's address ...
 This was the first snow of the season . I used the snow thrower for the area around my garage which is 2.5 '' -LRB- I used a tape measure -RRB- . The equipment became clogged 6 times and then there was a loud wining noise from the motor . I would restart the product and have the same result . The specifications state that this product can throw 6 '' ... it cant even do half of that . What is the purpose of this product ? It only throws snow that you wouldnt even need to shovel to begin with !
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift and used it today during the first snowfall . I pushed it one foot and then it stopped working ! I am awaiting UPS to pickup this piece of JUNK !
 Disappointing . Item promptly quit working after taking out of box . I 've read reviews of its limitations in 6 '' or more of snow , but I first used it after only 2 '' fell . Made only one pass and shovel stopped . I thought the problem may have been my extension cord , but it was n't . Nor could I find any reset/overload switch anywhere on this snowthrower .
 I bought this unit to shovel my steps and path . We recently had a snow fall of approx 6 to 8 inches of the lightest possilbe snow . This unit proved useless - it kept stalling and jamming . I gave up and used a manual shovel clearing twice as much in half the time . Only wish I had kept the carton so I could return the unit .
 Did n't snow yet so I do n't know hw it would work for snow shovelling but for sweeping dirts from my deck and driveway , it 's totaly useless . Now I have to buy a traditional broom to do that job.Generally speaking , this is a bulky , hard to install hard to maneuver tool that do much less job than expected.Highly not recommended .
 I needed to find a hand held snow blower to help me clear my porches and stairs after a storm.I have severe arthritic problems with my hands and wrists so this purchase promised to be a dream come true for me.Well , not so ! It 's heavy and hard to direct . Wo n't cut through even a few inches of snowfall . The hand grips are poorly placed even after adjusting them . All in all , do not purchase this piece if you plan on retaining your sanity while clearing your walkways !
 The product has an amazing show shoveling power . The problem is it just pushes the snow ahead of you . So you really have to do some adjustments to actually clean a sidewalk . Only worth while if you have a big lawn to `` shovel '' the snow off to .
 I thought this was my answer to snow removal however , It just didnt do the job on my 3 car wide driveway , I used it twice and I looked like a snowman , just snow blowing everywhere , hand shovel works much better , or would invest in a smaller gas powered snowblower
 This tool is simply one that should never have gone to market . It is probably designed as well as it can realistically be , but an electric shovel capable of lifting snow up and to the side can never be light enough for doing steps . It blows snow up and ahead , not to the side . Leaves a mess behind and the user looking like a ghost . I was willing to suffer the awkwardness of an electric cord if it would have helped my wife be able to handle walk clearing in my absence . But it does n't . A real shovel is only slightly more work and slightly slower , and much less aggravation . Have tried this now on snow from depths of 1 '' to 8 '' , wet and `` dry '' . The OSHA-inspired button that ca n't be set to stay on without constant squeezing -LRB- in cold weather -RRB- makes this tool even more difficult to use by an elderly person.Forget this one.Paul McGuire , Ann Arbor , Michigan
 Much too small and weak for even 4 '' of fluffy snow.I gave up and used my shovel.There is no way to direct the snow coming out . Mostly it sent the snow up at a 40 degree angle so it could blow back on me.It 's worthless on the little 1/2 '' high strips of packed snow made by my car tires on the driveway , and it caught on them too.I ca n't imagine the electric motor would last very long.It 's very narrow so you have to make many passes.Using a cord in the snow presents problems too . Now my cord needs to be cleaned off .
 I have a Toro Power Shovel , last year we had a mild winter and my husband had open heart surgery , I did n't use it and this winter the first time I used it , it seized up . I took it apart and the plastic rotor part that the belt rotates on was melted to the plastic the machine was made out of . I worked on it for an hour or so , used a scewdriver to separated the seized area and took it back outside and it did the same thing . I am very disappointed in Toro , for making a power shovel , that is anything but a POWER SHOVEL . Bah Humbug to Toro !
 We purchased this to use on our deck and it would not work with over 2 inches of snow .
 If all you have is a small -LRB- and I mean small -RRB- driveway , or your driveway gets plowed and you just need to shovel a walkway this might be fine but for any real amount of snow , it 's not worth it . Next season we will be buying a regular snow blower . The cord gets in the way , you always have to move it around . It does such a small area at a time that it hardly saves time . It does n't work well with wet , heavy snow . and because it throws the snow only directly in front , it limits how you can use it if you live where you are n't allowed to blow snow into the street . I usually use it for half the driveway and then hand shovel the rest .
 First snow of the season 8-10 '' . I did what was recommended and took the snow off a layer -LRB- 4 '' ? -RRB- at a time . THis thing aint light ! And after 5 minutes the belt slipped off and it would n't throw anything . I returned mine for a refund .
 I used this show shovel one time before it broke .1 -RRB- Toro uses a cheap plastic edge that wears down as it scrapes across the cement driveway/walkway . Manual Plastic shovels at least have a metal edge that is attached in order to prevent plastic erosion .2 -RRB- The throwing device , which rotates on an axl , would become disengaged and would no longer rotate.I had to break out the old manual shovel to complete my driveway . Now , my back is feeling it !
 I had the same experience as most of the reviewers . FIRST time used , my wife was attempting to take 4 '' of powder snow off the deck . It ran for about 2 minutes , and then siezed up . I opened the service cover , and discovered the belt had come off the cheap plastic track . It looked like there was some spindle damage . I took it to my `` authorized Toro dealer '' who is attempting to fix it right now . I ca n't believe it will last . Stay away from this thing !! This one came from Amazon . Maybe they are all part of a bad batch , but the results are scary .
 I bought this model on Nov 29th 2007 and was required to use it immediately in 1st week of Dec 2007 . If you are resident of Midwest or Northeast region -LRB- IL , WI , MN , NY , MA , NJ , CT , IN and many other states -RRB- then you must have experienced that often we get ` lots of snow in few hours ' and this is not the equipment which can handle it . It also can not clean/unefficient cleaning wet and slushy snow higher than 3 inches . Which means that if snow advisory is more than 3 inches or more than 3 hours , you will be going out almost every hour to clean the snow , which obviously would not be possible if you are working full time and if you need to catch-up some sleep after working whole day . Hence , pl . save money on this and get at minimum Toro 1800 Electric or better .
 The toro power shovel plus is n't to great of a snow-machine . the first time I used it , it broke down . I barely shoveled one line across my driveway . I would not reccomend this item to anyone else . The power shovel may look good , but the quality is n't too great . I liked the feature to transform your shovel into a broom , but what 's the use if the shovel does n't work ?
 I used this snow shovel today for the first time . We have about 6 inches of snow and all this shovel did was blow the snow in my face . I 've packaged it up and UPS is coming to take this worthless piece of junk back to Amazon !
 Ditto to S. Taylor 's problem . After just a few minutes of first-time use , the scoop stopped spinning . It gets disengaged from the motor spindle and actually strips some of the plastic off , so it just gets worse and worse . My friend with the same model had the same problem right off the bat . According to Toro , there 's a technical service bulletin on this and you can bring it to an authorized Toro dealer for repair .
 Toro is whittling down whatever reputation they have as lawnmower and small equipment manufacturer by foisting this horrible waste of time on people.I had seen an advertisement and told my wife to get me one of these Toro Electric Power Shovel Plus 's for Christmas , which she did . I could n't wait for the first snowfall , but it was only about an inch ... But the snow shovel just sprayed the snow up in the air for the wind to carry it back onto the driveway where you previously shoveled or in your face . In order to work with the wind I had to go back and forth across my narrow 30 foot driveway , much more work than just clearing strips straight up ... Then for the second snow of the season it was about 2-3 inches , and I went to try the shovel again . But this time it was not as windy , but halfway through the driveway the shovel started slipping . The plastic parts had WORN out and stripped themselves with hardly any use.I then referred to the warranty and called Toro in the beginning of January . Since the damage to the shovel was more than they could just send me a part with instructions , they told me to take it to a repair facility . They referred me to three authorized repair shops . I was n't familiar with any of them , so I just chose the closest one , JT Mower of Annandale VA.They held onto the shovel for 6 weeks saying they were having trouble getting parts . But when I called the manufacturer , they told me there was no shortage of parts . So I called them back and told them there was no shortage of parts , to fix it . So they said it would be fixed next week , but it was n't , and finally the following week it was fixed . I missed three more snows waiting for them to fix it.When I arrived to pick it up they wanted to charge me $ 41 . for warranty repairs and said you did n't tell us it was a warranty repair-which is a lie , as I brought the warranty with me , and asked him if they fixed many and if it actually was junk since it was brand new and broke with hardly any use at all ... well he pointed to several more in his shop waiting repairs ... enough said ... So now I am picking up the unrepaired snow shovel and returning it for full refund . This shovel is nothing but aggravation . It is annoying that a reputable manufacturer like Toro does not build a better product and they do not honor the warranty ... Toro has lost a customer for life ... and if I were you I would be wary of buying any other Toro products ... I would give this product 0 or negative stars if I could . Anyone recommending this product must have a different version that was built better or is just a company shill ... DO NOT BUY THIS SHOVEL !!!!! IF you get it as a gift RETURN IT IMMEDIATELY!I believe they may just try to give you the run-around until Spring knowing that you will not use it until next winter when the warranty has expired.DO NOT WASTE ANY MONEY OR TIME ON THIS JUNK !!!!! I have and sincerely regret it!Keith S. :{ -RRB- >
 I 'm not mistaking the product I 'm reviewing here . Use this shovel 20 minutes every day and you 'll beat Bowflex . It 's much worse than my trusty $ 8 plastic shovel . Incredibly awkward design -- you 'd think the handle should be tilted back while you push the shovel forward -LRB- almost effortlessly I hoped -RRB- . WRONG . The handle needs to stay vertical so that the moving parts -- below the cover -- can get in touch with the snow and shovel it . You ca n't push when the handle is vertical , instead there is a side handle provided which you 're supposed to use to actually PULL the shovel forward . That is , you 're standing BEHIND the shovel -LRB- because it throws forward -RRB- , holding the vertical handle with one hand , and pulling the other handle forward and away from you !!! . Extremely awkward . In addition to really working your upper body , you 'll feel pain in your wrist , neck , and shoulder joints , not to mention the lower back . The snow throwing action itself is very clumsy and erratic . A little wind will blow the fine snow powder in your face . To add to the mess , this thing throws forward , not to the sides , and I 'll leave it up to you to imagine the implications of that .
 I got it for my husband , and we had a little dust snow and It just stopped working ! It worked for 20 minutes . only throws the snow forward and it broke too fast !
 THE FIRST TIME MY HUSBAND USED THIS , THE BELT SLIPPED OFF . HE DID NOT REALIZE THAT WAS THE PROBLEM UNTILTHE SNOW THROWER HAD COOLED DOWN AND HE COULD TAKE A LOOK AT IT . SINCE IT IS PLASTIC , IT DOES NOT TAKE A GREAT DEAL OF USE . WE TRIED SWEEPING OUR DRIVEWAY WITH IT , WHICH IS 2 CARS WIDE AND A LITTLE MORE THAN A CAR LENGTH LONG AND IT OVERHEATED SO BADLY THAT HE BELIEVES IT WILL NO LONGER WORK . IF IT HAD A GUARANTEE , WE 'D SEND IT BACK . I THOUGHT I HAD ORDERED A NEW ONE BUT HE TELLS ME IT WAS RECONDITONED AND WE HAVE NO RECOURSE . NEEDLESS TO SAY , WE ARE VERY UNHAPPY WITH THIS PRODUCT .
 I am writing to let you know that I am very disatisfied with the customer service at Amazon . I ordered this shovel on Dec 9th ,2003 and they said that they would ship it out in two days . Two weeks later I checked out where my order was and the shovel was dated to ship on Dec 10th , 2004 !!! I repeatedly tried to get in touch with Amazon to no avail . Even though they stated that they would return my answer in 2 days by e-mail . No such luck , I asked for a phone , and by the way there is no where to reach these people . So I am writing to say the shovel was probably a great buy , but with the service from Amazon you 'll never know.ThanksA disgrunted customer
 My neighbor and i each have one ofthese - older models - and neitherwill start . Not even a hint oflife . The key does engage thehandle start ... . but nothing.Would love to try them out - My electric mowers have always started , LOVE electric yard equipment . No gas , no oil , no aparkplug .
 HAVE ORDERED EVERY YEAR FOR THE PAST 5 YEARS AND IT IS NEVER NEVER NEVER IN STOCK
 The item pictured is a six foot plus outdoor log rack . It is described in the title as brown . What I was sent was a 3 ' white wood rack . Obviously , there is a major disconnect . While the description says 3 ' , I was mislead and did not read it . And , several of the members of the kit arrived split . They would never survive outside.I am hoping for a full refund , including the shipping . I will post what happened .
 IF YOU DONT HAVE A LADDER TO GET OUSIDE THE WINDOW TO MOUNT AND THEN REFILL THIS FEEDER >> FUHGETTABOUTTITT ... IT HAS 2 TINY WIRES ON THE SUCTION CUPS THAT HAVE TO GO INTO 2 TEENIE HOLES IN THE FEEDER AND THERE IS NO WAY YOU CAN MOUNT IT FROM THE INSIDE OF YOUR WINDOW , MY WINDOW IS AT LEAST 12 FEET ABOVE THE GROUND AND REQUIRES A LADDER . I WISH NOW I WOULD HAVE PURCHASED ANOTHER 1 . I AM NO ROCKET SCIENTIST , BUT I BELIEVE I COULD HAVE ENGINEERED A BETTER WAY TO MOUNT THIS FEEDER '' '' '' '' '' '' '' `` JERRY
 I bought this for my veggie garden to keep a nearby ground hog out . It is set up properly -LRB- we are horse owners and have electrical fencing -RRB- and it just does n't do the job . The shock is n't strong enough -LRB- brand new batteries -RRB- and he knows to run through it quickly to avoid a shock . It does work for the dog though - but it does n't take much for her .
 As usual , Amazon quickly shipped this product . However , when opening the package it was VERY CLEAR that this was a return from a previous buyer . The covering plastic was stapled together , not form-fitting as when new . Also , the electrical unit has a broken connector . The damage is not fatal and not worth the hassle of returning , but I bought `` new '' , not `` reconditioned '' merchandise.I 'm very disappointed in Amazon .
 Unfortunately , you do n't get what you pay for . I ordered these brackets and they never arrived . Then the seller refused to replace the ones that I paid for and never received . They are priced cheap , but if you never get them that makes them kind of expensive . Try another seller .
 So Amazon sent me a replacement ... This one is also looking really bad . I only received it 4 days ago.Now you might be thinking it must be me -LRB- not taking care of it correctly -RRB- , however I purchased `` Brussel 's Jade Indoor Bonsai Tree '' last December 2004 and it is still alive and happy .
 We followed the directions on this plant , but it had a slow death . People said it would take some time to adapt , so we cared for it but it never seemed to adapt . It finally did die after the Amazon 30 day warranty . Now we are stuck with a dead plant and a pot . We 'd love to try a replacment plant if Amazon is up for sending one .
 I got this gardenia bonsai in mid-February and it is not as I expected . Upon opening the package , the leaves are dull green , no buds , dried out and mostly dark brown . I followed the instruction and even did some research work through the internet . I even bought extra stuffs like plant food , cool mist humidifier just to revive the plant . Well now , after 3 weeks , 90 % of the leaves are gone , branches bare , looks like those bare trees that you see during winter . I tried to contact the merchant and ask for advise , but I did not get any response . I have other bonsais and regular gardenias that are healthy and I really wanted this gardenia bonsai so bad .
 I 'm always hesitant to write a negative review because tastes are different but with this product I felt I had a duty to alert consumers . I bought this and out of the box it was pretty until I looked close and found it was infested with tiny white bugs that clung to nearly every branch and leaf . I hoped they would die on their own but after three weeks they were still there and the plant itself had started to die . I bought plant insect spray and they killed the bugs . The plant died two weeks later . I was very disappointed since I 'd always wanted a bonsai tree and gardenia is my favorite scent .
 I ordered this plant and I ca n't even beleive you 're allowed to lie like this and get away with it . The item description clearly states that the plant is supposed to be a 4yr old that is 8 inches high and in a 10 inch pot . This is not my plant at all , its about 6 inches if that and in a 6.5 inch pot . I ca n't beleive I paid $ 32 for this plant . There is no one to get in contact with to return it or ask WHAT IS GOING ON ?!?! I do n't understand why you say you will give a plant that is completely different from what I received . I am very unsatisfied with my plant and even more with your bad service , no one anwsers my emails or questions . If anyone can help me , my email is chanteldionne@hotmail.com
 Not sure if the plant is going to survive , The pot was broken when we opened the box yet the shipping box showed no signs of damage . I ca n't find out how to return it either since it is a plant - these independent Amazon merchants make returns difficult
 I should have heeded the warnings of the previous reviewers.Ordering in plenty of time for the shipment to arrive , I was informed upon payment that the plant would be delivered by Mother 's Day , but after placing the order , I see that it will take at least 3 weeks -LRB- 2 weeks * after * Mother 's Day ! -RRB- AND there is NO OPTION TO CANCEL MY ORDER.Trying to reach Amazon is next to impossible.I could not be more dissatisfied .
 Positive
 I ordered this bonsai tree for my daughter-in-law because she listed it on her Amazon wish list as `` highest '' for this Christmas 2005 . The order came in record time , three weeks before Christmas so I set about babying the tree each day by following all of the directions to a tee ! I sprayed it and watered it exactly as the directions stated and I placed it in a sunny well lighted area and the temperature in our condo was never below 65 degrees and that was only at night while we slept . Nonetheless , after two weeks , still a week before Christmas , the leaves began to curl , turn splotchy and fall off . I was very sad about this because the tree had looked wonderful when it arrived and it was very well packed . But , by the time Christmas Eve arrived it had only about half of its original leaves . We are now waiting to see if the tree does better at my daughter-in-law 's home since she is very happy to have it and she 'd love to keep it ... she is going to try to nurture it into a healthy life . We 'll see ... M. Buchanan
 At first thought this would be a beautifull plant and we were looking forward to it blooming . It looked as though there were some small blooms just waiting to come . Then the leaves started to fall . I asked a local nursery about it they said sometimes this happens before blooming . But , basically it turned to sticks . It has been returned back To Brussel 's . We have since replaced the item with another grower .
 PURCHASED AS A GIFT FOR MY WIFE . LOOKED GREAT ON ARRIVAL AND WENT DOWN HILL FROM THERE . THREE WEEKS LATER ALL GONE , UNLESS YOU LIKE MINATURE BROWN TREES ! IF I TOOK CARE OF IT I 'D EXPECT THAT OUTCOME . BUT MY WIFE HAS A GREEN THUMB AND REALLY TRIED TO SAVE IT .
 This gardenia tree looked so cute online and we love gardenias . It arrived with a note to hurry and purchase a tray to go under the pretty pot which has 2 draining holes . It was a surprise this was not included . The plant did however come complete with ectoparasites -LRB- something like green scales clinging to the branches -RRB- and white flies . It was also not as mature as shown in photo - more like 3 branches with scant green and yellow leaves .
 The bonsai plant itself looked like it could have been beautiful . Unfortunately , when it was shipped to South Dakota around Christmastime , the state was experiencing extremely cold temperatures . Only packing peanuts were used for insulation , and the plant died . Restrictions should be placed on shipping these type of products to cold climates or packing material that provides better insulation should be used .
 Not too thrilled with this one though . Seems to not have any growth and getting yellower by the day . I 'm not sure it survived shipping very well . It was moist when we got it , but there was only one bloom left on it which dropped after one week . I did n't care for it any differently than the Jade , which sits right next to it on the counter . The only thing it seems to attract is bugs . We finally had to put it outside because it was getting pretty bad . I think its still alive , but not sure how much longer it has .
 So it came with beautiful greens and full of flowers . Was really optimistic , no instructions - i.e. how old is it ? After the flowers died , it got fleas , which are soil related . It bugged my other plants . However , its a cutting of a shrub , not a bonsai . Its just stuck in a bonsai pot . Now I 'm in the bug spraying mode - frustrating . It would have been easier to care for it as a plant , since its buggy . Now I have to train it into a bonsai . It seems root bound , but we 're not supposed to anything the first year . Gardenias are hardy but delicate so I 'm frustrated with spraying for bugs and for the season I have to bring it in and I hate bugs .
 You wo n't like my review . The item has very little power . The blower is weak with little air coming out to suck up the bug . A waste of money .
 I received this tree on December 17th . I was home for delivery -LRB- it was sent as a gift -RRB- we unwrapped it immediately . The soil was very moist , almost soaking when I unwrapped it , so I did not water it again . Some of the leaves were starting to curl and blacken , but I assumed that was from shock . I emailed Brussels directly over that weekend and phoned them on the 21st . I have yet to receive a reply from either venue . The tree itself is now about dead , though we have it in direct sun and have been keeping the soil moist . Almost every leaf is blackened and curled/dried up . Very disappointed in their customer call back .
 Bamboo sticks a strangely hollow and withered 2 weeks after I bought them , despite watering ... had to throw them out . Also , extremely overpriced for the amount you get .
 Bought two of these beauties . Love how they look but only two days after we hung them , one fell -LRB- rusty screw in the wall bracket -RRB- and the chain broke into lots of little pieces , making it useless . Disappointed .
 I read all of the positives reviews before placing an order for thie Bonsai and was optomistic about having this shipped to someone in CA since there shouldnt be any issues with cold weather or snow . The plant was packaged great ! and I watched over Skype him opening the box up only to see that 99 % of the leaves were dark brown in color . The package indicated that its normal to see about 20 % of the leaves to fall however within 2 days they were all falling off . I have since returned this plant and chose a different style .
 This was going to be a Christmas gift.I opened this package as soon as I got it . The leaves on the tree were all brown . Not one note on caring for the tree . It was really sad to see such a sick tree . I would love to try to nurse it back to health but I do n't want to gamble my money away if I ca n't . I will be shipping this back today . I tried to call them but they said I had to go thru Amazon for any questions or returns and they would n't speak with me .
 Within a week of purchasing the tree , it died . I had put it oustside in a shady area where it could get partial sun , and I watered it every other day . However within a week , all the leaves were brown and fell off .
 I ordered this tree , on November 29 , 2006 , it was delivered December 5 , 2006 . It was frozen when it was delivered , needless to say , it now looks dead . The box said 2 day air , but it was n't . I 'm very disappointed with this item . Was supposed to be a gift . but now it 's dead . Becareful of ording plants in the winter time . I live in Michigan . It must have set in the UPS office for a few days in a freezer or something .
 I received the tree today , and when i got it out of the package it had small bugs crawling around everywhere ... I decided to go to my local nursury and i found some bonsai tree 's that looked better and were alot cheaper .
 The bonsai tree is almost dead in few days the leaves are falling just after one day of arrival.I am still trying to maintain it butIt looks almost dead . I am not satisfied at all with this product . I generally do n't write reviews but this time every day I see the bonsai I get upset of buying it online . I should have put extra dollar and buy it from store . I even took pics but do n't know how to attach it on review .
 We bought two of these trees . The first one died right away , so we bought another one in case that was a fluke . It arrived in good shape , but died a few days later . I have lots of plants at home , including a ficus , so I know how to take care of plants . These things seem awfully fragile .
 I was very disappointed when this ficus arrived . Many leaves had dropped off but the worst part was that there were so many leaves which were blackened with some sort of insect infestation in the plant . Rather than going through the trouble of repackaging it and delivering it to be sent back ... I placed it in new soil , spread powered insecticide in it and put it in a larger pot and will hope for the best . I was very surprised that this plant was delivered in this condition . I ordered this because of the many positive reviews even though there were some also complaining about the problem I mentioned .
 A good price on this tree . But I was disappointed when it arrived . The trunk was awful -- it was very bulbous/tuberous , and huge compared to the leaf portion . Just ugly . I called Brussel 's directly and explained that I was n't sure I had even received the same type of ficus I ordered . They promised to call me back , but did n't . I called Amazon , and they quickly placed an order for a replacement . I e-mailed Brussel 's to let them know to expect a replacement order , and explained about the first plant . Did n't get a response , but the replacement plant was much the same . The roots/trunk were less bulbous and more compatible with the overall size of the tree . It was n't quite as unattractive , but still did n't look like the same tree as displayed in the picture .
 I bought this as a present for someone who wanted to get started in Bonsai . When I received the package , it was in excellent condition . After I gave it as a gift , terrible scars were pointed out . We recently replanted it , and the roots were horrific . Who ever grew this plan butchered it and did n't take the time to grow it . I sent it back and received a full refund
 The little `` tree '' certainly looked healthy ; yet the `` trunk '' was really weird - a bulbous `` v '' shape coming up to a top that had no branches , just a puff of stems with leaves . Had it not had a confined root system in a small pot with a wire it had grown around , I would have sworn someone had just chopped off a bush , let it sprout back and then dug up the plant and called it a bonsai . I took it to work to make sure it was n't just me . Everyone agreed it was weird and ugly .
 This little tree arrive in good condition , but it just gradually dropped leaves until nothing was left . Very disappointing . Maybe it did n't get enough light in my apartment .
 bonsay buy a birthday gift for my aunt , but never arrived and were not contacted me to know what really happened do not recommend this seller
 When the tree arrived the leaves were green with a brownish tint , however , I figured since it came in a box that it just needed some light and water . Unfortunately , less than two weeks later the plant is dead and Amazon will not give a refund or provide a replacement since they say the provide no guarantees . Extremely disappointed .
 When I got the tree in the mail half the leaves were already brown and crispy . I hoped that with water and sunlight I could nurse it back to health but it has now been almost a week and the leaves are almost all dead . I keep it watered and in sunlight but it seems to only be dying completely rather than coming back to full-health . I want to contact the seller but I ca n't find any information of how to do so . Does anyone have any tips for my bonsai or of how to get a hold of the seller ? This would be greatly appreciated . I love the shape of the bonsai and it is so fun to have I just wish it would stay healthy ! Let me know if anyone has any suggestions or information for me , thanks !
 The picture is an exaggeration . You get a skinny stalk of bamboo . The unit comes disassembled . . you have to set it up.I have seen better specimens for half the price at the grocery store .
 The bamboo looks nothing like the picture . I received a yellow , already dying plant . When I complained I was sent a new plant free of charge . However , this one came even worse than the first . I had to throw half of it out because it was already dead . I am trying to salvage what remains and nurse it back to health . So far it is n't looking promising . I will not be buying plants online anymore !
 At a lot of asian grocery stores they sell bamboo alone for really cheap . Bamboo is like the 2nd fastest growing plant in the world -LRB- next to seaweed -RRB- . Its better to see these things in person before buying anyways . Size and shape vary , and packaging tend to be harsh on plants
 I do n't usually write reviews ... but I 'd hate for others to get the same dissappointment buying this twig!As the previous review states ... The picture is an exaggeration . You get a skinny stalk of bamboo not even half the size of the photo.Save your money ... you 'll find more luck picking one up at the grocery store ... And Amazon is n't much help either !!! To help they want you to disassmble the plant , box it all up and ship it back ... I have better things to do with my time than this .
 Just like the other lucky bamboo I ordered from this company , this one is dying .
 Maybe for specialized uses , but this Pal did n't do it for small branches and brush for us . Would n't recommend or buy again . Very dissapointing , as we used the reviews to confidently buy this product .
 We purchased this item because it was suppose to be easy to set up . I am a seasoned camper and have used several different tents over the years . This sun shelter took 3 people to set up . It is awkward and is impossible to set up alone and would be difficult to set up with 2 people . It took 3 of us over a half an hour both times we used it .
 As others have written , it IS difficult to put together -- even for two people -LRB- and I , too , have put together dozens of different tents , shelters , etc. -RRB- . Also as noted by other reviews , it tears easily when exposed to the elements for even a day . Finally , during our first use , one -LRB- all plastic -RRB- corner bracket partially broke ; during our SECOND -- and apparently LAST -- use , TWO MORE corner brackets broke completely . Spending even twice as much for a more robust , better designed unit will probably result in ten times as much satisfaction ... and use .
 This item may be acceptable for extremely limited casual use . In my experience it is NOT a workable solution for a semi-permament sun shade/shelter . My wife and I received one less than a year ago as a wedding present -LRB- June 14 -RRB- . We asked for this item to give us temporary relief at the home we purchased because the patio cover had to be taken down due to the inspection results . We set it up in mid-July and left it up until early October . When we took it down last fall it had holes at every crease , and at the connections for the velcro wraps . When we put it up this March we put duct tape over all the holes/creases to reinforce it . Now the material cover has completely given way to the sun and it is , for lack of a better term , disintegrating . The material on the two sides which receive the most sunlight has collapsed and hangs down exposing holes which are at least 4 feet wide on one section and three feet on the other.We were hoping this would last us two years so we could replace the patio cover , etc but it is completely inadequate to that task . It might be useful for people who wish to use it only for a week or two each year , perhaps on a camping trip ...
 The little stickers on each pole which identifies which other pole it goes with do n't stick on . Therefore , you are stuck with oddly matched poles with no direction of where they go . My opinion is to invest in a canopy other than a & quot ; Greatland & quot ; product .
 I ca n't really say how the canopy sets up or how good it is because when I received mine it came in a damaged box with parts missing . I purchased it to use it for a graduation party , but I sent it back for a refund because it was no good to me and I did n't have time to order another one .
 I bought this machete for my husband at his request . He tried it and thought for the seventy odd dollars it was definitely not worth it . The blade was too short and not strong enough . He asked me to send it back , which I did .
 BUYER BEWARE ! The product shipped to me was not at all what is depicted and described here on Amazon.com . The shape of the blade is the same , but that is where the similarity ends . No lanyard , no case , and an unwieldy finger guard which I did not want . This is useless to me , and not at all worth the 79 bucks I paid for it . If you buy this from Amazon , make sure it is not fulfilled by one of their lousy vendors . In my case the vendor was `` BuyDBest '' , which should have warned me they are not on the up and up ... Now I have to package it up and return it to get a refund . I will not try ordering this from Amazon again . Maybe there is somewhere else that sells the product and will ship me what I actually ordered .
 I bought this as a 40th birthday present for myself . Sadly , it came with a less than impressive custom engrave job and a very dull blade . I was so excited when I ordered it and so disappointed when it arrived . I want to buy from a USA company again . Please make your product excellent .
 I was 7 or 8 win i first seen one in my boys life mag i fell i love with it right off the bat but being so young my mom and dad said no way i would take my leg off with it so i let it go and as time went by like it does i foregot about it till at a gun show i seen a old one on a table and all the old feelings where right back but the man wanted a arm and a leg for it so i went home and got on the net and look one up i was shocked to see it was at $ 85 for a bush tool but with flat rate shiping and all that i got one . I was like a small boy wating for a gift for x mass . i think it was ship by horse back it took a week to get here and win it got here i took it out and it was not so great the handel look like a two year old made it the guard did not fit right and the leather was all skuffed up and rough in the hand but i waited this long for it and i was not sending it back so i buffed the hand and oild it and it look good then i went camping with my friend and i took it with me . first of all my friend thought i was mad in the head for paying so much for it he has a small camp ax he pade $ 20 for it 30 years a go and i works great but i was going to show him that his little camp ax witch was made in sweedin was not as good as my American made tool so i got up and went to get some fire wood I found a small tree and went to work after three or for hits the hadle got real loose and pinch my hand and i was not happy and my freind was luaughing like hell . When i got home i was a little mad but they have a gaurante that will make it right so i send them a email to get it fixed and to or three days later they got back to me and they sad they wood send a truck to get it and fix the handle . Ok now we are getting some where so i sent back a a email asking wen would the truck come and get it so i would be ready to give it to him well to days and not a thing from them so i rote again and one of there great employees told me that she did not know wen the tuck was coming and to just but it out on the porch and they would get it now i just spent $ 85 for this tool and she wants me to leave it out side in a box . I did it but i did not like it that was to weeks a go and still no word from them . we will see how it goes . ps next time i am listening to my friend and getting a swiss ax they know how to make a tool
 At first I was pleased with this product . I keep have to reset this product because it will not remain still . So yesterday when I had to reset it in the ground the botton part broke off . So now it is just a straight stake in the ground . Not worth the money .
 advertised as pyrethrins and canola oil , arrived as pyrethrins and piperonyl butoxide , which is not a ` safe ' ingredient , and is in fact a suspected Carcinogen , Gastrointestinal or Liver Toxicant , Neurotoxicant and Reproductive Toxicantso i basically did not get what i ordered .
 I purchased this pricey product because on the label it states that it `` Kills On Contact '' . I drenched three indoor plants with 12oz and unless you heard the insects into a pool and drown them with it you may not see any results . To me if the label states it will kill on contact , then short of clobbering them with a bat I would expect them to at least keel over and cough . Hair spray worked better . I did not even rate this one star.Alan A.
 I bought this for my houseplants/patio plants . After a few minutes the bugs were dead -LRB- not exactly `` on contact '' -RRB- . The worse part , though , is that it damaged my plants !! My dracaena and peace lily now has black leaves after using this product !! Only time will tell if my plants will actually live ... but I guess that means I wo n't have to worry about bugs if I do n't have the plant either . : -LRB-
 Used this on some fungus gnats . Drenching them with the spray does n't work . Soaking the potted plants I have with it does n't kill the fungus . I have some wood bits in my potting soil that have fungus on them . I 'm not seeing it suffer after spraying them with this spray . I 've had it about a week now and I 've almost used it all . What a waste of money . Personally , I would get some Daconil fungicide . That stuff actually works ! This stuff suxor !
 Stack and Stack waited 3 weeks after I placed my order to let me know that these lights were out of stock . I placed the order on Sept 20 and today , Oct. 12 , I received an email stating the lights are out of stock . Very poor customer service !!!
 This item is literally crumbling at the edges as it sits on our patio table . The quality is terrible especially for such a pricey item .
 I rated this item low because at first it sounds really neat , however there is no picture of the torch itself ... who would pay that much for something unseen !!!!!
 This cover was a sorry waste of money . It leaked the very first time we had a minor rain shower . The water pooled up in the middle of the chair and soaked right through the cover and thouroghly soaked the cushion underneath . It is not waterproof or weather proof .
 This item is worthless . It did not even last one year . It can not hold up to the sun and it leaks like a previous reviewer said . It slowly just becomes brittle and falls apart.Aside from those things , it 's great !
 Seller sent a Dayva PC510 cover which is smoke grey , not sandstone beige , and is a completely different type of fabric.Seller replied to buyer 's notice of error with questions . Once fullyanswered by Buyer with expectation of refund , Seller has ceased any futher communication or responsibility.Communication copies were also sent to Amazon.com as well resuting in no acknowledge or replies from Amazon either !
 Great quality , but the top diameter is too small to fit a market umbrella .
 The umbrella cover was fine , however I purchased this cover specifically because it was supposed to come with a `` high-reach rod '' to help take the cover on and off the top of a hard to reach umbrella . No rod was included in the package and was also not included in the replacement . I am currently using a bent coat hanger that I am sure is not working as well .
 While not the most expensive cover on the market I still expected this cover to endure more than one northeastern winter . The top layer shredded apart although the elastic around the bottom is still strong . It may be able to withstand amazing temperatures but mine failed in real world usage .
 Bait and switch . Ordered one color , Deerso sent another . Deerso is unwilling to pay shipping charges . Deerso should be removed from Amazon .
 You sent the wrong Big Wheel . The picture is right with the white wheels and solid rubber tires.But you sent the Big Wheel with black wheels and Pneumatic tires.You need to hire some one with some Quality Control or hire a responsibility person.ThanksLarry
 I first ordered this umbrella base in May . When I recieved it a couple of weeks later it was very poorly packaged -LRB- thin piece of bubble wrap and a small square box that was folded over to somewhat fit the round base and sealed with a couple strips of packing tape . -RRB- The paint was chipped on top of the base , and the neck that holds the umbrella was missing . I contacted Amazon via their online return process , and requested to have the missing neck shipped . I was willing to live with the chipped paint since returning a 70 lb item which was poorly packaged to begin with would be a hassle . I was told that I had to return the entire item after calling Amazon customer service . The rep. I spoke with asked me if I could drop it off at a UPS center . After an emphatic `` no '' response from me , he arranged to have it picked up . UPS came a couple of days later and told me they could not take it because the package weight listed was 1 lb , not 70 lbs . I had to call Amazon CS once again to request that the weight on the pick up request be corrected . That was in May . It is mid-August and I 'm still waiting for the replacement base to be delivered . The delivey date has been revised several times . I am currently looking to recieve it in October . The only reason I continue to approve the revised delivery dates is because I need a very heavy base to hold the umbrella that someday will cover my daughter 's rooftop garden play area . Maybe I 'll get it for Christmas or at least by next summer .
 This cover fell apart after 1 season . A small , brown $ 8 tarp secured with bungees worked - and lasted - better . The cover ripped and the seams gave out after filling with gunk by the 1 year mark .
 I had to throw these sprouting seeds away , they are so full of sharp and bitter tastes , they ruined my green smoothies . YUCK
 Although , I would love to say that I enjoy this item , I never received it . I had to file a grievance with Amazon to have them refund my money . I contacted the seller several times first , but they never responded .
 The light is about as bright as a bathroom nightlight ... if that.Plus , it simply stopped working altogether after about a week.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 i bought this product to product my sisters new car . The lights arrived intact and working but , when they say Super bright . Yeah Right ! . These lights could n't light up a bathroom . Do not buy this product if you plan on using it for security . I eneded up just going to Home Depot spent the extra $ 20 and got lights that did the job .
 Product in Use in NJ . Save your money . This product is of no use to any consumer . It lasted 2 weeks and that was it .
 Having just successfully grown two kinds of seeds , using the same technique , these immediately mildewed . They came with no instructions , except to look on the Web . On his site it said instructions are expensive , and would be posted in a few days . I.e. , there are no instructions for this mix as far as I could see . I have news for you Todd , in the last company I worked with we provided BOTH written instructions with the product and a Web site . Instructions are for a customer 's convenience , not yours , Todd , and are not omitted so that you can save a few cents .
 The seeds sprout well , it is true , but there is a bitter taste to this mixture . I use them on sandwiches and I thought there was something wrong with the non-fat mayo . Plain alfalfa sprouts taste much better .
 I 've purchased from the Sprout House before and they have great seeds . The good = almost all the seeds sprouted . The not so good = the adzuki beans took longer to be ready than the others , so they were ` overdone ' . For me , this makes the mix unusable . I 'm surprised the Sprout House packaged these seeds together.For a better mix , order the Peasant Mix from the Sprout People . It 's less $ $ per pound , too .
 Wish I could have used it , but by the time it arrived , and it took weeks , it was moldy on every piece . You would think that if someone knows it will take a long time to arrive they would seal food stuffs better so that that did n't happen .
 This clock was frustrating from the moment I got it out of the box . The main attraction was the projection clock so that my wife and I could see the time projected on the ceiling if we woke in the middle of the night , wondering if it was time to get up . The clock was also supposed to set itself using long wave radio signals containing the official US time . However , the time zone on the clock kept resetting itself so that we were never certain whether we were looking at our time or time in some other part of the US . Resetting the time zone was a lot of trouble , with lots of things to toggle through . The clock face was difficult to read during the daytime and could not be seen at all at night . After struggling with it for months , I went to target and got a $ 20 projection clock that is easy to read , sets itself like a dream and has worked flawlessly from day 1 . This clock is not worth the money and I can not recommend it .
 I was excited to find this item as I had one long ago . Unfortunately quality of the product was poor and excitement quickly waned
 I installed these strips on my shop 3 years ago and the moss has continued to grow every year . There is even moss within one or two inches of the strip . I called Lilly Miller and they are such a diverse corporation that I could not find a person that could direct me to the company that markets the strips . It is a bad product . There must be very little or no zinc in these strips . I will not buy anymore Lilly products .
 I did not buy this item but another brand from off site seller . Same width zinc rolls . The moss continues to grow . I should say that zinc does work . You may see moss free swath of roof under the pipe or chimney flashing . I am going to try much cheaper 10 '' roll of galvanized flashing from homedepot.I 've read that not all zinc are same . Maybe these zinc rolls are not chemically same as zinc from galvanized flashings . These narrow width rolls also may not have enough surface area for rain to wash down enough zinc .
 Another review implied that there are 3 rolls shipped , which is incorrect . I ordered this and recieved one 50 foot roll.A local hardware store -LRB- McLendons -RRB- is selling this exact same product for $ 20 , which is less than it is being sold here and definitely less than the $ 150 price Amazon listed it being marked down from .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 These cushions are good . They arrived on time and were in every way as promised.They are really expensive for what you get and cost me about 50 % more than a pair I had ordered earlier this summer.Would not have ordered same cushions again at this price , but I wanted them to match .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 This is very compact . Much smaller than I expected . The projection is small on the ceiling also . Not bad but not great either . From reading about it I thought there was a radio also but it 's just a clock unless the radio is well hidden in the compact controls .
 First , the fact that the projection is n't adjustable at all sort of bummed me out . But whatever , it was bright but not too bright , and only cost $ 22 , so I was okay with it . Simple to set up , keeps the time well.After a month , the batteries for the ALARM - YES , THE ALARM , THE MOST IMPORTANT PART OF THE ALARM CLOCK - apparently needed to be replaced because it did n't go off and I was almost late for work . Fresh set of batteries , good to go . Until next month . The idea that I had to keep replacing batteries once a month did n't make me happy . But I was even less happy when , at about 6 months , they started dying after 2 or 3 weeks . Soon afterwards , the alarm just stopped working all together.The clock I had before this was similar , I 'd purchased it from Sharper Image , and it lasted me almost 10yrs .
 I bought one of these , and liked it so much that I ended up buying five more for friends who also wanted one . But in less than 1 month , my power supply went bad . I contacted the mfr via their web site , and received a prompt automated reply promising to contact me within 3-5 days . That did not happen . After two weeks , I called their tech support phone , and was informed that the power supply was n't warranted , nor were they even interested in selling me a replacement part . Instead , the told me to try Radio Shack . I would not buy a product manufactured buy this company again .
 In a word
 After a year or close to the diodes for the projection time have given out and this feature no longer works . If you live in Arizona does not have an atomic for AZ and resets to wrong time . Would not buy again . too much for only one year of use .
 Such a disappointment . The digital readout is not lit , so the only way to see the clock at night is to look at the ceiling . Fine if you 're in bed , otherwise , useless . It does have a button you can push to turn on a light ... but by that time I 'm way too annoyed anyway . It also has the most obnoxious high-pitched beeping for the alarm - which was complicated to use anyway . I have already tossed this piece of junk and got my son a decent radio alarm clock with a light . Far more practical than the projection feature . The only positives are that it is compact and self-setting . Do n't buy this thing .
 This was a Christmas present . After opening it and reading the directions -LRB- yup . I 'm one of those ! -RRB- I installed the batteries and plugged it in . Within 3 minutes it found the correct time . Geek excitement ! The temp showed 83F in a 65F house . I gave it an hour and it dropped to 82.5 F. I put it outside where it was about 39F . After about 8 hours , it dropped the temp down to 82.1 F , and never lower . Dec 26th I wrote to Oregon Scientific customer service and told them of my problem . I got an electronic canned reply the next day saying they would get back to me within 4 work days . Do n't know how many workdays a week -LRB- or month -RRB- they have , but I decided by Jan 28th they must have worked 4 days , so I decided to call them . They told me a tech would call me back within 24 hours . They must not have had one of those rare workdays yesterday or today , because I 'm going on 30 hours and still waiting . Guess I really do n't need to know the temp . I do know what company 's products I will never buy again . Remember
 The background on the display is too dark to read the displayed information . One must pick up the clock and hold it at normal reading distance to read the information . Yes one can press the bar and a light comes on to make the display readable , but you can not just turn over in bed and read it .
 I finally returned this product because it was way too complicated to set the time and temps and days . It is supposed to set by atomic clock settings , and it never did set to atomic time . Directions said it might take two to seven days for it to set up the right time , but I want to know the time NOW - not wait a week for it!The buttons were tiny and too close together and too many to have to set the time zones , temp , day , alarm , or time of day easily ; accidently press a button in the wrong sequence , and you have to unplug it and take the batteries out to reset it.I bought this mostly for the red numbers that show on a wall or ceiling of the time and indoor and outdoor temperature . That was fun and worked well . It has an easy to set up outdoor temp reader . It showed the time continuously , and would flash the indoor or outdoor temperature in turn every thirty seconds.You 'll need binoculars or extra super reading glasses to read the small print in the directions.I returned it within a week .
 Delivery was slow , ordered 2 , one was a gift , the other for my use . Mine works ok except that the temperature feature does not work , constantly blinks 23,23,23 ...
 Clock automatically resets itself to Pacific time , there is no HI time option . It is not so good to have an untrustworthy alarm clock .
 I purchased this for a Christmas present . My husband was excited to see that , sure enough , the atomic clock set itself . The temperature gauge , however , has never worked correctly . He contacted Oregon Scientific via an online customer service link immediately . We are still waiting for a response . Customer beware !
 When this clock operates correctly it is great , but the manufacturers need to include a time zone for Hawaii . Setting the clock for Hawaii time is fine but after a few days the actual time reverts to the time zone showing on the face of the clock . There is a mechanism for turning off the time zone feature but it is sensitive and often takes several attempts to implement . .
 Picked this up last night specifically because of its feature that it auto-sets itself based on the atomic clock signal , unfortunately even after forcing auto-set 5 different times all over the house , it could n't receive the signal , and since setting takes up to 10 minutes a pop , I wasted an hour with this sucker . Another feature I liked the idea of was the indoor temperature display , but sadly that too performed poorly as it read 72.7 degrees inside on a cold night , the room 's thermostat read 64 and even that felt a little high . A couple more nits to pick , it does n't take much to scratch the silver finish , and when the EL backlight for the smallish display is activated it makes a tiny noise.On the positive , the projection aspect of the clock performed better than I expected -LRB- though I wish I could rotate the lens to point in other directions instead of rotating the whole clock -RRB- , it came with an AC adapter , and the large rubber feet did their job nicely.All in all , I hope to see Oregon Scientific put out a new model soon with better reception and a rotating projector because at this price they are on the right track .
 I really enjoyed this clock for the couple years I 've had it , but the numbers are fading and I can no longer read them on the ceiling . In Addition , Oregon Scientifics ' customer service is lousy . They wo n't respond to emails on the web site and when I visited their store at Bridgeport Village in Portland Oregon the guy working there was extremely rude . I doubt I will replace it . It 's still working as an atomic clock , but the projector is useless !
 This was an OK clock in the beginning , but it has many shortcomings . Now the projection display only turns on when the snooze button is pressed so it is just about worthless . It would be nice if it projected the temperature as well .
 A terrible product . The instructions were written by someone on drugs . Never again .
 I saw all the good reviews and really wanted it to work . Maybe it was just high expectations but it is not comfortable to put on your lap , the laptop easily slides off , and the fan is not that good . I would look somewhere else .
 I ordered this item on Jan. 1st . I was told it was on backorder but would arrive in a couple of weeks , but each time their projected delivery date was near , I would receive another e-mail delaying the arrival to another 2-3 weeks . This happened several times until the company finally sent me an e-mail -LRB- nearly 6 weeks after I placed my initial order -RRB- that said they did n't know when their shipment of clocks would arrive , and I should cancel my order . I should have canceled earlier , but I was hoping I 'd receive the item , based on the company 's 2-week delivery projection . After I canceled I went out to Costco and bought a very similar clock for around the same price . Very disappointed in my initial order through Amazon .
 Purchased product back in December of 2012 . The projection light for this unit quit working 2 days ago , it 's just the middle of January of 2013 . No apparent reason for it not working other than poor workmanship or sub-standard components . I am very disappointed with this purchase .
 Arrived broken even though it was packaged really well . Just not really the quality I expected it to be . Not very loud either . It sounds like a watch going off .
 Elements of the time projection feature seem to come and go unpredictably making the time difficult to decipher . I purchased this unit to replace another that had projection failure after many years of use . This unit is beginning to fail after only a month or two . This explains the 2 star rating . Otherwise the clock is `` 5 star '' .
 I have a typical night stand and typical ceiling height , and the projected time is only four inches high . Not nearly big enough for me with a -8 prescription . I need twice that big and there is n't a zoom feature . Also , the front of the display is curved , which means if you turn on a light to see it , you see glare in the display . This would n't happen if it were flat . Poor design and the front display is tiny . Again , not designed for people with glasses .
 In short , it wo n't automatically adjust the time no matter where I put it in my home , it is built cheaply , the dislplay is way too small for such a large clock and it costs $ 15 more than it should . My other atomic clock sets up in seconds while this thing ca n't even get a strong signal . This product is garbage and not worth your time or money .
 Projection is well visible at night , but is not visible in the morning when you need it the most . Since projection is probably the main reason people buy this clock -LRB- otherwise it is a small cheaply-looking plastic clock -RRB- , dim projection makes it pretty unusable.I guess I 'll be waiting until clock manufacturers will come up with a projection clock that adjusts projection brightness depending on the ceiling brightness .
 After a year the display only showed part of the numbers on the ceiling , and it would n't switch to daylight savings time . I read the manual tried various things . I eventually changed time zones and at least I could read the right time on the device -LRB- but not the projected time -RRB- . I wrote the company -- no response .
 -LSB- initial review -RSB- we love it . projects the time . no need to focus - no matter how far away the projection surface is , the numbers are clear.so . if it 's so great , why 4 stars ? where the time is projected can not be repositioned.i wish the thing would allow you to point the time projection anywhere . then it would be totally amazing . there are probably good reasons this is not possible , but . . -LSB- edit -RSB- downgraded to 2
 I really like the features of this clock . It is an atomic clock , so it should update via reception . I plugged it in , reset it multiple times on multiple days , waited 3 days and in 3 days it never set to the right time . That is one of the main reasons i got it ... atomic clock updates . I like the features , the lightweight and the projection is very good.It just did n't work . I was disappointed . I will check others . I bought a LaCrosse and it worked great for about a year , but then the time updates went erratic . Will try a brand other than LaCrosse or Oregon Scientific .
 We 've had this clock for about a year now . My biggest complaint is that they do n't offer the ability to change it to 24-h time . The other problem is that there is no way to turn daylight savings time off , so we -LRB- in Arizona -RRB- have to switch between Mountain and Pacific time to make sure the unit is updating correctly.Edit -LRB- 12 Jul 2012 -RRB-
 We wanted a projection clock for the bedroom that would double as a `` normal '' bedside clock . This model has a decent projection display but it can not be adjusted to increase the range of the projection . Most limiting , the projection is only in one direction . So to project on the ceiling or wall while placing it across the room we have had to turn the face of the clock away from the bed . In other words , we can either see the projection at night or the regular display during the day but never both . Most projection clocks allow you to flip the projection to see both at the same time . If this model can do that we have n't figured out how . The face of the clock is okay but does not allow you to place it very far away because the numbers are so small . It does auto-update which is a nice feature and has the date on the display.We have made it work but it is quite limited in its usefulness as a day-to-day bedroom projection clock .
 Clock stinks - can not be set to your local time once it malfuntionsLousy customer service.Save the $ $ - you can find better products almost anywhere
 Get this . If you turn the clock where you can see the face , the projected time is upside-down on the ceiling . Since you ca n't aim the projection ... What a crock .
 The atomic clock from Oregon Scientific is a lovable little clock with great design , excellent features , durability , and ease of use . It works . The problem is that the company was short sighted in it 's idea of market appreciation . The clock is only designed with 4 U.S. time zones in mind . If you are outside the reach of the atomic setting device that might not be a problem , but if you live in the Atlantic time zone -LRB- Nova Scotia , for example -RRB- , the signal reaches here folks . That means that between midnight and four a.m. here -LRB- as near as I came to figuring it out -RRB- , the clock `` resets '' itself to whatever zone you 've been stuck setting it to with the limited choices available . Moreover , there is no over-ride available . You ca n't chose NOT to let it reset itself . I fell in love with this little clock but sadly had to return it . I 'd give this clock 5 stars if I lived in those time zones.One needs to ask how much more programing would have been involved in expanding the available territory to reach all the places within signal range . Who was the brilliant decision maker making the call on this one ? Wake up folks . This is a great clock . Get your engineers on the job !
 I would not buy this clock again , ESPECIALLY for the twenty six and change that I paid for it.The backlight feature of the clock and the projection feature only work if you press the snooze bar on the top but when I press this button it emits a high pitched electronic noise which I hate!It has a cheap appearance . I scratched the surface of it when I was wrestling it from it 's plastic packaging , to give you and idea how cheap it is.It 's not a true atomic clock because a true atomic clock receives a signal everyday that synchronizes it to the correct time ; you do n't set it , it sets itself . This one you have to set and then you tell it what time zone you 're in . It was 12hrs late resetting it to the correct time when the clocks were reset recently . Would 've been late , if I had been depending on it to know the correct time.The sound for the alarm is annoying . It starts out very softly and take a little while to reach a level normal to other alarm clocks . My husband hates the sound of it and refuses to use the alarm on it.The indoor thermometer is off by varing amounts , sometimes more than a degree , sometimes only .2 degrees . Not sure why it is different . Not such a big deal I guess but still I would 've expected something more accurate .
 This thing is about as cheap as they come , dont know hoe it got so many good reviews . This thing is garbage
 The projection on the ceiling does not work well . The last number has 3 parts that do n't have light , so if it 's 9:23 or 9:28 , I ca n't tell the difference , I know it 's nine twenty something , so it do n't work for me , since I bought it for the projection feature .
 I live outside a major metropolitan area -LRB- DC -RRB- where you would expect no problem getting a signal to update the clock . However there is absolutely no signal at all . This is not an `` auto setting '' clock .
 It was great for a year and then the projected time started to fade and segments of the numbers disappeared . I wished it would last longer and now thinking about a replacement . When I wake-up in the morning , I am not too sure if it 's 6:09 am or 6:00 am due to the missing L.E.D line segments on the numbers . It 's impossible to determine the minutes now -LRB- fading moved from right to left -RRB- . Of course , I hit the snooze button and I can see the time on the clock itself . The buttons to change time and alarm settings are becoming more difficult as well .
 My clock worked for less than a year . The projection bulb apparently quit working and can not be replaced . When I called the manufacturing company , Oregon Scientific , I was told that they would not replace the clock unless I had the original documentation . Of course , I do n't , because I do n't keep all the boxes and paperwork that gets included with purchases . -LRB- I 'd be running over in paper and cardboard if I did . -RRB- The company representative added that the projection device was not designed to be left on every day -- that it should be turned off every morning ; that information was not in the directions -LRB- I would not have bought the clock knowing that to be the case -RRB- . Neither did the instructions say to save all the documentation in case the unit stopped working . I advise against buying this item .
 Do n't get it , it said it 's numbers are big even for ppl with glasses , and that you do n't need them to see the numbers on the ceiling . this is not true I returned mine .
 Yet another clock that insists on using 12hr time in a digital display . Adding an option for 24hr clock is trivial , yet Oregon `` Scientific '' -LRB- more like Scientologist ! I contacted them and they disdainfully , snidely , rebuffed me for wanting `` Military Time '' -RRB- seems to have some agenda with actual scientific standards . They also display their dates backwards , with no option to revert to correct format -LRB- or even totally hosed format , should you like the UK version ;--RRB- . Also , there is no focus , nor rotation , allowed for the projector , so unless you put your clock on your head and lie very still it wo n't project the time directly overhead . Very Procrustean.The only good thing about this clock is that it 's cheap , so when you throw it out it wo n't be that much money down the drain.Too bad the Honeywell PCR191W Atomic Projection Alarm Clock with Indoor Temperature and Moon Phase is out of stock -LRB- production ? -RRB- . That was the best version of what this product fails to deliver that I 've seen yet .
 This clock is complete junk.Here 's what 's wrong with this toy clock : - You ca n't focus the projection-You ca n't flip the projected image-The projected image is tiny , very tiny-You ca n't swivel the projection to get it where you want-The time on the clock itself is very tiny - almost unreadable-When you `` glow '' the clock , it buzzes awfully-The buttons on the clock are so small , you 're likely to hit the wrong one.We bought this clock , and even our six year old hated it . Do n't buy it !! Instead of this one , search for Amazon ID B00005NN95 - a much , much better Oregon Scientific Projection Clock .
 I bought this to replace a cheap ikea wind up alarm clock . Unfortunately this clock does n't do a very good job of waking me up in the morning . The main problem with the alarm is that it is n't constant . It will go off once or twice and then nothing . I need an alarm clock that is like hell fury to wake me up in the morning . Something that will go off until I hit the snooze button ... not something that goes off a couple of times then puts itself to sleep.Another issue is that when you set the alarm sometimes it wo n't go off the next day . I have no idea why it does this but if you set it the night before it will not go off until a day after you set it . In other words it goes off 48 hours after you have set it.Pros
 This was my third projection clock purchase -LRB- each a different brand -RRB- . I do not like this one as much , because it does not have a `` swinging arm '' that allows you to position the beam . Because the projection is fixed , you do not have the flexibility to point closer or further from you . Otherwise , the projection is bright , and the clock set quickly at the right time .
 I love this clock , but I have a bad one . If it worked like it was supposed to I 'd have loved it ... five stars ... but , the one I got has always cut off the first digit in the hours 2 digit projection and so from 10 p.m / a.m. I can only see instead of 10 > 0 , and 11 > 1 , and 12 > 2 , and then at 1 I do n't know if the 1 I see is for 1 p.m. / a.m. or for 11 p.m. / a.m. since the clock screws this up . 3 can be only 3 a.m. or p.m. but 2 can be 12 or 2 and 1 can be 11 or 1 ... like a BIM BAM clock that you do n't know between 12:30 o'clock 1 o'clock , 1:30 o'clock because it only bim bam 's ONCE ... but at 2 you at least know it is 2 o'clock but this clock you have to wait for 3 because of course there is n't a 13:00 o'clock unless you use 24 hour time and this is n't an option on this clock THANK GOODNESS . Why did I keep it six years ? I liked it . I used to be able to see the faint `` 1 '' sometimes and the `` a.m. '' and `` p.m. '' which once were faint have all but disappeared.THIS IS INTERESTING ONLY TO NERDS AND GEEKS I suppose , but I also took it apart to fix it ... wow ... what a machine inside . R2-D2 's old circuitry looks no better . I tried to twist and swerve the projector and light but to no avail , and only learned the little rubber feet are GLUED to the plastic with the most amazing glue ... almost impossible to remove.SO , now I think I might buy another one butMY ADVICECHECK IT IN THE STORE WITH BATTERIES IN IT so you do n't take it home and then feel stuck with it . Exchanges are an option , but actually , I had to drive an hour to get it ... WHAT HOUR ? On the clock ? I do n't know!Be nice to the clocks they have sensitivity!OH , if you loose the instruction book you may never figure out how to stop the alarm -LRB- which I can not hear , as 62 it is no longer in my range to hear a peep peep ... peep ... electronic sound andSOI ca n't see the time.I ca n't hear the alarm.It was faulty in the box and I took it home.Go Figure!It has a personality and it is n't totally frienly.I can not figure how to make it check for time automatically any more.Buy a better clock .
 The biggest problem is it does n't light up at night , so unless you hit a button you can not see it . Also , if you are across the room you can not see the time even with the light on . You also can not adjust the projection . It is also very small . Overall not a great clock for what I was looking for .
 I brought this solely due to the fact that it can project time onto the wall but I was very disappointed.The projection on the wall is tiny and is barely visible at night . Buy a better one if you need projection otherwise this will serve as an OK desktop clock .
 Bought this to replace a Lacrosse technology projection alarm clock . The Lacrosse clock had outside time projected on the ceiling , which was fun , until is shortly stopped working . The Lacrosse clock had dual alarms , except it was so painfully awkward to set , that my wife gave up and used her cell phone . Then the alarm kept coming on randomly . Thankfully , my toddler broke the projector part off the clock and I got to buy a new one.Have had this one for a month . Very solid . Setting the alarm is a breeze . The projection is very bright - one can even see it in daytime . This might be a problem for some . I like being able to see the projection , even after the sun has come up . The angle of the projection is fixed . Might be a problem for some . For us , our son could n't play with it a break it . It is the angle we would have set it at , anyway.I love this clock . Thank you , Oregon Scientific . Thank you , Amazon.Update
 Everything works well , except the display position can not be changed . I 'll probably return this item . The clock will not set in a position that project the time in an easy readable projection . If you can read the project easy on the ceiling then the clock can not be read and finding a position do not work together .
 I have owned two , both of them broke . The problem is the water inlet tube is made of hard plastic . If you accidently pull the garden hose , or the unit , it will break off inside the washer rendering it useless . I did not abuse either unit I bought , I thought the first time it must have already had a crack or something . If you purchase one , when it happens to you , you will be surprised how easily it breaks . I wrote the company and they never responded which is very frustrating . If you purchase then I wish you better luck !
 I agree with other reviewers - small plastic piece inside hose breaks for no reason . Renders unit useless . Must replace entire trigger -LRB- cost $ 40 -RRB- . Had it replaced twice . Karcher has no response - sends you to authorized dealer . You get what you pay for ... Very sorry Amazon is offering this product . THEY ARE FLOODING THE MARKET -LRB- Karcher -RRB- with this product . Have seen it even lower at other retail locations - resist the temptation to buy .
 I hate to sound like a broken record , but some things ca n't be said enough . I have used this washer four times since receiving it as a father 's day gift last year . It has broken four times without finishing a task , a 100 % failure rate . The replacement part costs fifteen dollars each time , with a life expectancy of fifteen minutes if you 're lucky . Karcher does not respond to customer inquiries - buy this and you 're on your own .
 I 've had 3 of the Karcher `` pressure '' washers . Only pressure the first time or two you use it and then it stops working or works poorly if at all.The first one failed AFTER the warranty was out . I bought it mid summer and did n't assemble and use it until the middle of the next summer . The second time I used it the leaks started and the warranty had expired.The local service place said that it was n't worth repairing and that you should n't use it for more than 20 minutes with 40 minutes of rest if you expected it to work very long . If you use it and do n't let it rest the gasket at minimum and perhaps pump will need replacing.I bought another one on sale - different model number but basically the same . Hmmm ... . wonder why they were selling them out ? I suspect because they do n't last long.It failed within 2 hours of first use . The previous warranty shop was no longer servicing them so I called Karcher and was given the location of the nearest repair station involving a 75 mile round trip . When I arrived there the next day they laughed and said they no longer service anything from Karcher and got tired of not being able to get parts from Karcher and wasting time trying to get parts while the units piled up and overflowed their storage area.Back home , I called Karcher and they said to box up the unit and send it to them which I did very well packed and at my expense . After a long time they sent me a replacement . It was going into winter by then and I did n't open it to assemble until the following summer . The box was a bit dinged but did n't look like anything serious considering it came UPS . When I opened it and started to assemble it was cracked in a dozen places and the interior of the shipping box looked like they failed to provide even the bare minimum of padding . OR they shipped me one that was damaged when it left their location . I managed to put it together and use some duct tape and used it once.The second time I used it it would cycle on and off by itself and was starting to fail to shut off reliably when I shut off the wand.I again tried to use it today and it fails to turn off EVEN WITH THE MAIN SWITCH . It appears after I disassembled things that both of the switches in the electrical control unit are shorted.These things should be taken off the market . They are poorly made and poorly engineered , fail with little use and in no way have any that I 've had come close to doing what they are advertised to to more than once or twice . After that they are nothing but a pain to try to use.Right now I 'm waiting to see if I can purchase -LRB- good money after bad ? -RRB- the switches and take a chance that it will fix the problem . Maybe I could use it a few times before another problem arises . I 'd probably be smart to junk it and figure that I threw away around $ 300 on the piles of junk.I wonder if the proliferation of models and model numbers is an attempt to keep the customer from realizing they are getting the same basic troublesome device that will do little but take their money . It may work well for a few hours but in the end it 's going to fail if my experience is any indication.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY on an electric unit by this company .
 The problems that other customers reported have been there for a long time . I have an older model of this product . The design is so poor that the white plastic O ring inside the trigger gun breaks very easily , making the whole thing useless . I bought the first one over a year ago and the ring broke after one or two uses . Returned it for a replacement . I have not used this replacement much but the same ring broke when I recently used it.Apparently , this model looks very much like what I have but apparently have been upgraded to include a brush or something . Other customers have reported similar issues so Karcher threw in a brush on the latest model but never took the time to address the biggest flaw , the trigger gun . I simply need the ring which should not cost 5 cent but Karcher told me that I need to buy the whole gun , which cost $ 65 ???!!! Piece of junk !
 I purchased this abomination 3 weeks ago and I am reeally sorry for doing so . I didnt believe other customer complaints until it happened to me . They are right -- it is a piece of junk which breaks very easily at the water connection and trigger pull.Please here this plea -- dont buy Karcher -- poor service-high cost of replacement parts-get a gas powered unit
 Do n't spend a dime for this piece of junk . Plastic water inlet connector is fragile as an eggshell . Given all the similar reviews of this and other Karcher products , Amazon should drop this supplier altogether .
 I thought I was getting a deal on the Karcher electric pressure washer until I had to replace the wand each year because after a few uses it starts leaking . Yes , yours will too . That item is about $ 50 . I have replaced 3 of them . You might try to go the cheap route by replacing the washers but that will not work well so save yourself the time and just get the new wand . It should be fine for one more season . Next , the plastic part that you hook the garden hose is poorly designed . Once this simple little plastic part breaks ... and IT WILL , you are in for a real headache . The replacement part is about $ 35 but paying that is the easy part . Replacing the part is next to impossible and it is at that precise moment when you will have wished you listened to my review and looked for something else.I have almost tripled the cost of the Karcher pressure washer with replacement parts over the past 3 years.Spend a few more dollars and get something better . Do not buy a home pressure washer that is covered with plastic parts . You are better off being able to see the motor and parts that will eventually need replacement .
 I was really excited when I bought this . I put it all together and I should n't have bothered . The garden hose all by itself does a better job . Have n't tried the warranty service yet . Kept it too long before trying it to return it .
 I would recc the other ones , unless you want one looking like a horsetail -LRB- tall ornamental grass -RRB- .
 DO NOT PURCHASE FROM THIS COMPANY . The plant looked NOTHING like image shown , and was half-dead when it arrived . Go to a greenhouse and buy a plant .
 It was a beauty when I received it but slowly but surely it started to lose all its leaves and eventually died . I 'm good with these plants but to no avail . It looks great in the picture with the little pond and all but whether you keep this plant indoors at any temperature , it is doomed . Amazon is very nice when it comes to these plants . They usually are very nice when a plant passes away by crediting your credit card but it took so long to die that I just could n't call them to ask for a credit because of the long period of time between the time I bought it and the time it died . Oh well , I 'll write it off on my taxes or something like that .
 The bonsai came in completely dead . It arrived almost a month after I ordered it . It was very sad opening the package to find a dead , dry , and creeping looking bonsai . Certainly nothing like the one shown on the picture . I would never buy a plant through the internet ever again .
 Tree arrived in decent condition , but quickly started to drop leaves . All instructions followed and even bought care book . I see the good reviews here , but I would not roll the dice again ! Worst purchase I 've made on Amazon .
 I have never seen such a sloppy and unsuitable packing job from Amazonor its affiliates !!! Three plants , with only base protection , whichdid not fit next to each other in the carton , were just thrown into thebox with styrofoam flakes -LRB- popcorn -RRB- in between and on top !!! This resultedin up to 50 % of leaves rubbing off during transit and worked their wayto the bottom of the carton . Also the 3 leafelets were wet and stickingtogether . I returned this order .
 Looks comatose on arrival . Within two days had white cocoons on most of the remaining leaves . Never had a chance . I will also say that it was the first product I ever returned to Amazon and their process for doing so is world class . Easy , simple and a quick refund with no hassles .
 My bonsai seemed fine for about a week , and then it started dropping leaves , just like all the others ' . Unlike everyone else who 's posted here , I found out why . I watered and inspected the tree and found little -LRB- .5 mm -RRB- silver mites running around in the soil -- lots of them.I did a lot of research and then eventually took it to a local nursery where they said and my bonsai came with a nice little infestation of thrips palmi.Thrips are a common glasshouse and factory nursery infestation that attack the roots of young plants . To an adult plant , thrips themselves do minimal damage even in large numbers but can stunt or warp growth by feeding on terminal shoots , the undersides of leaves , causing them to drop . Each of my dropped jade leaves had a small brown spot at the base where thrips had been feeding . The real danger from thrips is that they carry Watermelon silver mottle virus that makes your leaves turn silver and shrivel up.The reason the leaves start dropping is that thrips love the warm dry air of a house or apartment and the parasite population explodes when you house the plant indoors as advertised.Anyway , in summary , they mention they are the biggest US distributor of bonsai , and I believe them , 'cause my bonsai has the parasites to prove it ! DO NOT BUY !
 I started noticing little bugs flying thru my home almost immediately after receiving this tree but did n't make the connection right away . After the window near the tree started crawling with bugs , I was forced to throw this tree out . Now that I no longer have the tree in the house , there are hundreds of dead bugs to deal with ! One of the worst purchases ever .
 It arrived quickly , despite the fact that I live in an apartment and UPS wo n't leave the package ... The plant was in good shape , and I gave it as a gift to my grandma who loves plants.However , though she followed the care directions the tree died quickly . So at least she has a pretty pot to grow something else in . The grass sprout thing is still alive.Bottom line
 The description of this tree said that it was ideal for areas that do not receive much sunlight . So I bought it as a birthday present to a person that lives in a typical NYC apt -LRB- some light , but no direct sunlight -RRB- . Well , that person did some extra searching and found that another site described this tree for sunny locations . And of course , the bonsai died .
 Shipping was not the problem ; the tree came nicely packaged . However , it was dead to begin with . The leaves were brown . Over the next couple of weeks , I watered the tree consistently , hoping I could revive it . The only thing that I was successfully growing in that pot was moss . The tree continued to look worse and worse . I 'm positive that I did n't do anything wrong . I watered it every day , made sure it was getting plenty of sunlight , and even misted the leaves . I want either a new , LIVING tree , or my money back .
 The plant is very healthy . It arrived quickly and in good shape.What disappoints me is that it is described as 10-12 '' tall and in a 10 '' pot . This plant is 20 '' tall and in a 5 '' pot . It looks silly ... the pot is WAY too small for the height . It does not look `` Bonsai '' due to it 's height . If I had seen it in person I would NOT have bought it .
 I ordered this as a gift , and it arrived completely broken . Every branch was completely broken and there was not one live leaf on the tree . Also , the dirt had almost completely spilled out of the pot . I was very disappointed with this product .
 This product is nothing like the picture . The one I purchased was shriveled and dying . It was about a third of the size as the one in the picture . Not a good purchase at all .
 I purchased this as a gift with another bonsai . The other arrived in perfect condition , this did not . It was packaged improperly and over half of the branches arrived broken . I will be contacting the seller for a replacement or refund .
 I bought the money tree bonsai for my husband 's ninetieth birthday and twoBrussel 's Money Tree Indoor Bonsaidays after it arrived the leaves turned yellow and started to fall off . It will be dead within the week . Not the message I intended to give to my dear sweet husband !
 I ordered this tree for a Valentines gift for my boyfriend . It looks dead ! We will try to revive however ... it does n't look good . It looks to me like it may have froze but I 'm not an expert . The packaging is as everyone says a pain which would have been fine had it looked healthy . Unfortunately there was no zero for a rating . I got a beautiful diamond necklace , he got a very sick looking tree .
 I ordered this for my boyfriend as a gift and it arrived half dead and on its way to completing the process .
 Ordered as a gift for family in Chicago.It will not be bringing any good fortune as I 'm told the plant arrived frozen and nearly dead . Returned . Now waiting for refund . Waste of time and money .
 True I did receive my order sooner than I expected but the plant was withered and almost dead when I received it . Also , the tree I ordered was not the tree I received . I will not order from this company again and will advise the same to all the people I know that shop on Amazon.com
 Item choosen specifically for the container shape and color , to match existing decor . Item shipped in a completely different color and shape container .
 The tree was frozen when it arrived and when it unthawed it died . I would not purchase again . Plus I did not get my money back or a new tree .
 I received this item in poor condition . It had leaves that were eaten up by bugs and the trunk seems to have some sort of rotting going on at the vase of one of the stalks . Alot of the leaves have fallen off . This item was pretty much a waste of my money but thats what I get for buying a plant over the internet .
 These cushions are good . They arrived on time and were in every way as promised.They are really expensive for what you get and cost me about 50 % more than a pair I had ordered earlier this summer.Would not have ordered same cushions again at this price , but I wanted them to match .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 When I placed the order I thought it came with the fire pit . When I looked back to see the order the picture was changed to a picture with just a screen . I would n't have made the mistake if I saw that picture . When I tried to return it the shipping fee was $ 56.00 . That is more than the screen is worth . I reported this to Amazing Firepits and they would n't do anything about it.Disappointed
 Buying this thing was the equivalent of throwing $ 60 to the birds . It is a pathetic excuse for anything that could remotely be called a bird feeder . In the two weeks we had it hanging , only one yellow finch figured out how to eat from it . I saw others trying , but they all gave up . That finch ate from it once , and then apparently decided it was either too scary or too much work , because he never came back.There is NO place for the birds to perch as they eat . The finch sort of hung from the bottom , was nearly on his back and it looked rather uncomfortable . It was very hard for him to land in the right position and get a good grip.Once the squirrels hit it , even though it 's `` squirrel proof , '' the thing never hung straight again . We could n't figure out why this was so , as it seemed that a simple adjustment would fix the problem , but it did n't . It 's too bad the squirrels could n't reach the seed , because at least someone would have gotten to eat since the birds could n't . The only thing that works is the rain guard , which seemed to keep the seed dry after a light rain . Dry for what , though ? For the moths that eventually would inhabit it because the birds could n't get to it?We finally took it down and threw it away , which is a crime , because we got ZERO use out of it . This makes me not trust the Droll Yankees brand as a whole . We put up a reasonable feeder made by another company and had plenty of birds within two days . If I figure out which brand it was I 'll post it here .
 I love the Droll Yankees company because of the superior construction of their products and their no questions asked guarantees . Unfortunately this feeder has lots of problems . I sold it at my store in the hopes that only small birds could fly under the baffle and larger birds would n't be able to use it . -LRB- We have an extraordinary number of white-winged doves in our area who turn into real feeder hogs . -RRB- It did work for that reason . The small birds could fly in under the baffle and feed and the doves never figured it out . They just hung on top and pooped all over the baffle and so it needed to be cleaned constantly . That aside , the really big problems with this feeder were that the small birds , although they could fly under the baffle and eat , would sit in the seed area and also poop while they ate . NOT GOOD for birds ' health so it required lots of going through the seed to get poop out . On top of that , the seed shifts around as the birds eat , so the thing was always lopsided and lots of seed spilled out the bottom as well . Finally , it was a disaster in the wind . The bottom seed holder swings around wildly in the wind . I finally quit selling it in my store .
 I have five types of feeders in my yard . This is the least popular , both for the birds and for me . Designed to accommodate both perching and clinging birds , it 's uncomfortable for both . Perching birds -- those that figure out how to do it -- get into the bowl , `` bathe '' in the seeds , and leave behind unwelcome calling cards . Clinging birds have trouble gaining purchase on the holes provided . They 'll grab a seed or two and head off for a `` restaurant '' with better service . I like many Droll Yankee products , but how this one made it to market baffles me .
 This product seems to just tease birds . They come to the feeder but can not figure out how to get to the seed . There in no perch for the perching birds and the other birds can not figure out how to get into the feeder under the canopy to eat .
 Very disappointed . The tree arrived in great condition , I thought it was lovely , bright leaves , lovely shape , very nice . Read the instructions , followed them but within a week the leaves turned brown and it started to die . I let my friend who happens to be an arborist look at it and he could n't figure out what could have happened to make it dry up and start to die , especially that fast . Anyway , I have not given up and actually a few leaves have started to come back . Still hope it will , it really was a lovely tree . If I could recommend on looks alone , it would have gotten 5 stars . Someone else may have better luck .
 The material was satisfactory but I di n't pay enough attention to the size -LRB- weight -RRB- which was much smaller than I had expected . My error .
 I ordered a tree to before Christmas , after patiently waiting , was finally told on 1/30 that there would be a delay until late March . Given other options I would recommend looking elsewhere , this company does not seem to have the ability to fulfill orders .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I have many bonsai trees and am a true lover of the art of bonsai . First things first , when I ordered this tree it arrived quickly but was literally frozen . Needless to say the tree died within 2 days of arrival since frozen roots are bad for plants . Amazon was fairly quick in sending out a new tree and thankfully the new tree arrived UNfrozen.However the disappointment did n't quite end . I 'd like to point out that the second tree is completely healthy and still thriving after 3 months of my care , so kudos to shipping a healthy tree . However , anybody with an appreciation of the art of bonsai will be very disappointed by the training this tree received . It looks more like it was completely untrained and just allowed to grow naturally . This is antithetical to good bonsai and leads to a pretty ugly -LRB- read
 I purchased the tree for our 5 th wedding anniversary for my spouse . It the started drying out from the next day on . It 's a waste of money and worst kind of gift .
 I used this company because it had such good reviews , but though my tree game full of dark green leaves they quickly started to fall off . As I took the tree out of the box I noticed a significant amount of leaf-loss , but it was so full of leaves I figured this was normal . Over the next week about 75 % of the leaves fell off despite proper watering , humidity , and sun . The company sent me a replacement tree which arrived all but dead . I now believe that both trees experienced shock being transported in the cold weather . I was able to save the first tree they sent me but I would advise agains ordering in the cold weather months or paying for expedited shipping .
 Packaged nicely , but plant died several days after delivery . Very disappointed . As this was a gift . Recipient followed misting / water instructions . Leaves turned black -LRB- possible mold -RRB- and fell off . Gift was to 86 year old aunt in another city and unfortunately returning the bonsai plant not feasible .
 I received my Bonsai today , this is the third try with attempting to get a decent product from this company . The first tree sent was bare , and the base was shattered , the second came and it appeared to be frozen -LRB- ok - it is winter , but you would think that either they would take measures or at least warn -RRB- . The third one came today - same shape , beautifully sculpted tree , but the leaves are frozen , like it has been left in a frigid warehouse or something . My recommendation ? stay away at least until they can figure out how to ship these and still make them live ...
 I would give this no stars if I could , it is the second bonsai in a year that came with a fungus . First one was a Christmas present from my husband , I thought I was doing something wrong did n't know that the white cotton spots was a fungus , I thought they were mini spider nest . When the second plant arrived I saw the same white web spots , again thought they were spider nest. , as the tree was losing leaves quicker than the first plant , I asked , Heidi , a plant specialist if she had any suggestions as to what I was doing wrong , and when I brought my plant problem to her she told me there was nothing I could do to save the plant and said that is a fungus in between all branches , not spiders . Now I own 2 dead plants do you think the company would replace them with some healthy plants we will see ...
 I have several bonsai trees that I have ordered from different locations -LRB- including an olive bonsai , a pomagranet and a jade -RRB- . This Fukien Tea Bonsai arrived and looked awesome but soon started shedding all of the leaves so I was a bit worried . After a few days most of the leaves were gone and at the 2 week point there was only 1 green leave attached . I gave it to a friend who also enjoys bonsai trees because I hated that it was starting to die . I can report after a couple of months of total TLC it has started to regrow some of the leaves . I 'm not sure if it is the company or the tree but I was very disapointed .
 Tree arrived quicker than expected . Packaging was awesome . Tree looked very good . But it quickly started dropping leaves . Looked close and noticed that it is literally covered in aphids . None of my other plants have aphids . They might now .
 Although the shipping was prompt and it was packed well -LRB- was n't dried out -RRB- , the Fukien tea tree I recieved was full of aphids , scale and mites . I sprayed it multiple times with insecticidal soap and wiped some of the leaves down individually . The leaves were also very dirty and mottled/testured . I would not recommend this to anyone and I wish I could get my money back but its more hassle than it is worth to ship it back .
 Just like the rest of the comments yes the leaves do fall off after a few weeks of receiving it . However , mine came with nats/little flies that have been all over any lighting source in the room .
 The tree was packed well with another tree and they both arrived in okay shape . The Fukien looked great for a short while until I accidentally bumped the table it was sitting on . It abruptly dropped piles of leaves and now looks horrible . While I was cleaning up I noticed there were small snail shaped creatures attached to the bottoms of some of the leaves . Very disappointed , wo n't order again and wo n't recommend .
 Two days after this plant arrived - ALL it 's leaves fell off like the first cold snap of an Eastern Fall - I 'm trying to get it to come back to life ... . no success as yet - perhaps this plant is too fragile to be shipped .
 To avoid dealing with returns , we tried everything we learned to save this Fukien Tea Bonzai without success . This Bonzai Tree arrived infested with spider mites . I just decided to send an email to the company to get help and ca n't find a way to do so.I 'm hoping they will support me on either find a solution to cure the infestation or send me a healthy replacement .
 I would have loved this Bonsai . It came very dried out , and VERY sticky . I got it pretty revived by setting it in water for a couple hrs each day for the next couple weeks . But continued to be very sticky . Could not see anything on it until I had it long enough to discovered it was infested with bugs . One big sticky mess ... I have too many other plants to worry about an outbreak so I threw it out . Wo n't buy another plant I can not see first . Could have been a beautiful plant .
 My rating is actually a `` ZERO '' but I had to choose between 1-5 . I will never order from this site again . I ordered the Fukien Tea tree . My order was delayed , which is not a big problem and not why I was disappointed . But when the tree finally arrived - it was the wrong tree , I received the Gardenia tree . The Fukien has the very tiny little white flowers which produce small red berries . The Gardenia has larger flowers -LRB- which I do not like -RRB- . I was not happy that since there was a delay in the shipment of the Fukien tree - someone took it upon themselves to subsitute a different tree . Did they think I would not know the difference ??? If I wanted the Gardenia - I would have ordered it . This shipment was returned the next day . Hopefully I will be refunded in a timely manner !!
 This tree arrived sick and infested . Shop with caution , It has a great curved trunk and looked awesome until I started to realize the black things on top of and under the leafs are not normal and turned out to be aphids . I am doing everything in my power to get this tree back to health but its been about a week and a half without out much improvement . Disappointed to say the least .
 I purchased three of these Fukien Bonsai from Brussels Nursery , via Amazon , two months ago . They arrived promptly and appeared to be in excellent condition . I was actually impressed with their large size , shape and foliage . They were intended as gifts for family and friends . After a couple of weeks , they all started losing their leaves . Upon closer inspection it was evident that they were infested with some type of crawling mite , aphid or whatever . I quarantined them from my other houseplants which displayed no similar problems . My Fukien Bonsai are now void of all leaves -- since Brussel 's Nursery/Amazon will not accept returns at this stage , I 'm trying to revive them with TLC.I have notified the U.S. Department of Agriculture that this supplier is distributing diseased stock . If/when Brussel 's gets their act together , I would highly recommend them .
 Came covered in black mold . The plant never recovered even though it was treated right . Waste time and money . Should have known better than to purchase plants of the internet . -LRB- was also purchased for mothers day -RRB-
 Save your money or spend a few dollars more & visit a local nursery or at least shop around more & read customer reviews . I bought this as a gift for Mother 's Day . It arrived in a timely manner & in good condition or what appeared to be healthy to a layman . She followed guidelines for watering , light , etc. . But as the few short weeks wore on , the leaves fell off & the plant was dead by Father 's Day -LRB- a month later -RRB- . Unable to return or get refund/credit because the recipient lives quite a distance away . She did n't inform me of the plant 's passing until after the time period for returns has just expired . I should have read the customer reviews first - lesson learned ... the hard way !
 I also received the wrong tree the first time . The first tree came quickly but was also the Gardenia tree . After contacting Amazon they reshipped the correct tree . It came quickly and was packed properly . Upon arrival the tree looked good , but it quickly changed . I have , in the past , grown Bonsai trees with success . They do require attention and proper watering as well as light and growing conditions . Both trees came in ceramic pots that did not match the description . They were different colors and different from the photos on the site . The gardenia tree did loose most of its leaves , but had new growth somewhat quickly afterwards . This review is about the tree that I ordered . This Fukien Tea Tree started to loose all of its leaves and appeared to be in distress . I kept it watered , gave it great morning and afternoon light and maintained the temp around 75 degrees . After several weeks , the tree has lost almost all of its green growth . I had an expert view the tree and this gentleman seemed to think that the soil that the tree was planted in was too dense and did n't allow for any oxygen to reach the roots . He seemed to think that the Gardenia tree was ok , but not the Fukien Tea tree . He did n't think that transplanting the tree this soon after receipt would help since these trees need time to adjust to their new surroundings . Also mentioned in the directions that came with both trees . He also noticed some fertilizer beads in the soil which to him might also might not be the `` ideal '' for the tree . He recommends a water based food mixed in with the water a given to the tree weekly.I wonder if all of these `` conditions '' were done to the tree since they had to send it to me to correct their `` first '' error of the wrong tree.Even though I love Amazon , I would recommend to anyone considering purchasing a Bonsai tree to select one from a local source . These local Bonsai retailers are more interested in helping you get a perfect tree and have more a vested interest in your success than Brussel 's does.Not that $ 50 is that much more than a good bunch of flowers from a florist , you still expect your tree to live for years .
 1
 The first tree looked good , but arrived with a broken pot . I returned it without problem for a replacement.The leaves of the second tree were dark and drooping . The soil was very wet . The leaves quickly began to dry and fall from the tree . I suspect there was some cold damage during shipment -LRB- 6 days by UPS -RRB- or the soil was just too wet . Since I 've read that the Fukien Tea may loose it 's leaves , I 've kept the soil moist and have been waiting for it to releaf . The small branches have become brittle , so there 's not much hope . The return window is open for another two weeks . Should the tree perk up by then , I 'll provide an update.It would have been a nice looking tee . I do n't recommend ordering in winter .
 I recieved this little tree in the mail with quite a few brown and dying leaves . The flowers soon died off as well . The tree does have good form though , so we 'll have to see if it actually survives.It 's dead now !!! It looks like it did n't make it ... I returned it to Amazon and they gave me a refund . Soil did not allow water to enter even after a complete soaking . So I packed the twig back into the box and the UPS guy came and took it away for free . Now I have to clean the hundreds of dead leaves off of my floor .
 I received this tree as a gift for Christmas and it had fewer and smaller leaves than pictured and a very different container . It immediately lost nearly all its leaves , which I 've read is typical when relocated , but never recovered and finally died several months later , despite following the instructions.I do n't recommend this tree , especially since it was recently selling for nearly twice what we paid around the holidays .
 Very tiny . I took a gamble buying this as I was hoping it would be bigger . However its about 11/2 inch big . I 'd save my $ $ , and buy a bigger planter . For $ -LSB- ... -RSB- I expected something a tinge bigger . I bought mine off of Ebay , so its not worth returning . I wanted something novel to put in my apartment , but this is too tiny to make a huge decor impact .
 I purchased one of the Squeeze punches by Fiskars . This punch is very difficult to use just like other Fiskars punches I own . I have had several of my Fiskars punch break during normal use .
 received promptly & very well packed ... looked good upon arrival -- albeit younger , smaller , & scawnier than advertised/pictured ... but suddenly turned brown and started losing leaves within the first 24 hours ... dehydrated or frozen in transit ? soil seemed poor -- maybe too * much * drainage ? seemed hydrophobic and disinclined to wet ... also , leaf and bark seemed uncharacteristic for a black olive , but that is probably just my ignorance showing ... shipping right to our front door was great , but having to ship it back involved some hassle ... Amazon was exceptionally good about processing the return
 I received this about the same time I received two other bonsai from Amazon , the other two were very nice , but this one did not look well to start and has gone downhill since.update 10-30-08So I had purchased this item and it arrived well pack but struggled for about 4-5 months then all of a sudden there was new growth everywhere , and then little flowers . I was amazed of the fast growth and now there are olives starting to grow . All I can say if yours is struggle , give it time , fertilizer , water and sunlight and it should come back ...
 This is a beautiful tree . Perfect limbs , perfect trunk to height ratio , even had 3 bunches of olives on it , they died within a day , still its a very nice tree . Only problem is that it had lost lots of leaves during transit and continues to lose around 20 leaves every day . I have only had it for about a week or so and it will most likely be dead within the next week or so . Its sad , because it was such a nice little tree .
 I received the bonsai in 3 days as promised . However , the tree is only about 8 inches tall -LRB- not 10 to 14 inches as stated -RRB- and the pot is a 6 inch round bowl -LRB- not 10 inch rectangular glazed pot as stated -RRB- . I am very disappointed and will never buy trees from this seller again .
 I was so excited to receive my bonsai . it took over 2 weeks to receive , which was very disappointing . When i finally got it , it was packed very well , but that is where the good news ends . my bonsai is about 7-8 inches high , including the pot , not 10-14 as stated in the decription . i was also disappointed with the pot it was grown in , not the beautiful turquoise one in the picture . too expensive for what i received . you need to update the description so people do not think they are getting something they are not.I will not purchase from this seller again.giving this 2 stars is generous . i could have baught this bonsai locally .
 These cushions are good . They arrived on time and were in every way as promised.They are really expensive for what you get and cost me about 50 % more than a pair I had ordered earlier this summer.Would not have ordered same cushions again at this price , but I wanted them to match .
 Product does not fold back properly on itself . There are hook & loop straps to hold product when folded for carrying , but there is a lot of stress on the straps and product still stays open by 6-8 '' when folded . Perhaps is a mfg defect , but appears more to be a design flaw and product does not work as indicated . Called Crazy Creek directly about this well within their listed office hours . No one answered their customer service line , but did leave a recorded message with my name and phone number . No one from Crazy Creek called me back , so I am returning the unit .
 I really liked this product for the one and only season I got to use it . I used bungie cords to keep it stationary on my deck . But the plastic tore and now the entire top is open to the elements . The zipper also seperated from the plastic in a short time from wind . It was really fun for the short time I got to use it . I would like to see a replacement cover available for the frame . I would really like that !
 I am still in the process of setting this thing up after buying it online for my daughter for Christmas . The packing was made at the bare mininimum . There was a hole in the box and I do not blame UPS for this . I received other goods in excellent condition.The metal parts were rusty at the ends . The brown rusty powder had to be wiped off and cleaned but I suspect this will only deteriorate with time.There was a large crack in one of the green plastic joints.It is all so flimsy and amateurish that I will not be dealing with this company again .
 I ordered this over a month ago . It was supposed to ship by now but still has n't . Now the ship date has been delayed another month ! Has the company gone out of business ? Is there such a demand for this product that they ca n't keep up with production ? Or do they not care about customer satisfaction ? I do n't know since they have not given any reason for the delay ! All I know is I ordered this anticipating to use it this spring , thats not going to happen !
 It looked so cute and I really wanted to like it , but ... Putting it together was quite frustrating as the bars did not stay put . I put up one bar , and when trying to put up the next , the former one fell off.After I had finally managed somehow to put this greenhouse together , I very cautiously put two trays of wheatgrass on it . The whole rack did not feel sturdy at all , and I knew then for sure that I had made a mistake purchasing it.The next day , my cat jumped on one of the shelves and the whole house fell apart.I also tried to move it -LRB- without any trays or pots -RRB- and some parts came apart yet again . You certainly can not move it with anything on it . Who wants to deal with that ? And I would not even dare to put it outside.I am a little disappointed , but really , what did I expect for the money ??
 The Rumford Gardener Portable Greenhouse #GH 7500This greenhouse does not holdup to the sun . Plus the tubing had to be glued to make stay togeter . All the plastic covering came apart in less than one summer .
 The Rumford Gardener Portable Greenhouse #GH 7500Greenhouse arrived with broken , inoperative zipper on plastic cover . We called Rumford and were told to send them email . We did two months ago and have had no response . Meanwhile , we hold cover closed with tape . Do n't bother with this item . Get something local .
 This rack is not sturdy . Very frustrating that after the assembly the bars comes off the rack . I try to fix one and then the other shelves bars comes off . I am afraid that some of my pots will fall out and break . Not worth to buy this item . Maybe other products are better . I should have listen to the other reviews that it is flimsy .
 I bought this generator from a 3-party seller . Looks beautiful , great specs . Worked for 8 days the first time before needing a minor repair , then 4 weeks , and now is in the shop again for a major repair . As I am not skilled with gas-powered motors , I do n't entirely understand what went wrong . I needed this generator to power an off-grid RV.It works well at low loads , and , yes , is very quiet . I also love that it 's light enough so I can haul it around myself , and lift it -LRB- with a little prayer -RRB- into the back of my SUV.What does n't work : It does n't surge up quickly or perform steadily to any high demand . When running a microwave , the microwave works , but lights flicker-which probably is n't so great for the circuity . I never could get it to run the Air Conditioner , which did in fact run on a 30-amp shore power plug . Hmmm.The noise level , though low , changes steadily -- a little louder , a little softer -- this is a bit annoying for constant background noise . Frankly , it does n't sound happy.Adding oil is a messy process , due to the location of the oil access.My biggest problem , really , is that the person who I need to repair the generator took one look inside it and said `` yuck . '' He said , `` Everything looks cheap . '' The first time he fixed it for $ 70 , and I had it back in two days . This time , it 's going to take two weeks , and cost more like $ 200 . My next generator is a Honda . I have nothing against Chinese-based generators -- but I need a generator to be drop-dead reliable and , if it fails , I need one that any good engine mechanic knows how to fix and one with easy access to reliable parts.When you need a generator , unless you have several , you really need it to work reliably -- because you need it to work when there 's no other option for power . That 's the point . So , if you 're planning on buying this one ... just buy two . Then you 'll have a backup to your backup -- and a full set of spare parts .
 I have recieved 2 generators and STILL do not have a working unit . The first one would NEVER start . Paid a mechanic to look at it no spark . sent it back got 2nd one it runs for 30mins and stops then it wo n't start for hours or must wait overnight then same thing 30mins stops . They say it 's the carburator and sent me one to replace it . But , I 'm not a mechanic and should not have to pay to repair . I also found in the few 30min sessions I had with this generator running the AC on my RV made it sound like it was going to die any minute . I want my money back ! Do n't buy this one buy a Kipor or a Honda . Also Exciting Products made me take my negative feedback off , or they would n't send me a replacement for the 1st one . So I removed my feedback and my camping trip was still ruined due to no working generator . FYI - I gave it a star for rating because zero was NOT an option .
 Some of the reveiews you read here are writen by business owners that sell boily generators . of course they say its a great/5 star rating . I bought 1 of these generators and it was not good by any means , nor was the business in Wisconsin that sold it to me .
 I received this bird feeder today and it arrived with wood that had cracked . I agree with others that the way this was packed was very poor and surprised that it was n't in many more pieces . The cedar is quite poor quality and I do n't think it will last all that long . But because the price of shipping is so expensive I will keep it and use it as much as possible .
 The neighborhood birds and I really looked forward to the arrival of the Perky bird feeder and what a big disappointment when I opened the box . The feeder would have been very attractive had it not arrived in pieces . The damage may have happened before it was shipped since the box was in good shape . The cedar was splintered in a couple of areas . In other areas it was cracked where nails had been inserted . It is very flimsy cedar . One area that splintered off was a portion that held one of the plastic sides . The plastic was broken into 3 pieces . Faced with shipping costs that would exceed amount allowed , I decided to keep it and make repairs . I will also get it mounted on a some plywood with a rim to keep the seed from falling off the ends that are not raised -LRB- another flaw , but one that was mentioned in previous reviews . -RRB- I went to Big Lots and bought a plastic feeder of approximately the same dimensions for $ 10 . Birds give it a 10 . P.S. . This is the first item from Amazon that has not given satisfaction .
 Where do I begin ? The concept is nice , the picture is cute , but anything positive to say about this product ends there . The bottom of the feeder arrived cracked , as did the peak of the roof on one side , and the perch rail along the other end . The wood is so thin that good paper would be stronger , and I am not exaggerating . There is a huge knot hole in the bottom - add the seed , and it falls right through ! The bottom is held on by two -LRB- yes , 2 -RRB- staples , and one of them is half in and half out . There is virtually no attempt to produce a usable product here , let alone a quality product . I can not fathom someone actually taking the time to pack this piece for junk up and send it off to a consumer . What , precisely , am I supposed to do with it ? I did not even bother to contact the vendor - I would have to expect some good faith to put any expectation of a positive outcome in that feedback process , and anyone who would collect good money for such a shoddy product is lacking in the good faith department . I just hope that other customers have had a better experience than I did . I am so disappointed and would give this product a minus rating if possible .
 I have purchased this feeder elsewhere on previous occasions and love the product . When I saw that I could purchase it on Amazon for a much better price in addition to getting it shipped for free , I was elated . That elation ended when the product arrived . It looked like a second and was damaged in transit and never should have been shipped in the first place . Several parts of the feeder were broken and/or damaged and I extremely disappointed . I exchanged it for another and was equally disgusted when the replacement arrived . It was packaged better , but it too was damaged and appeared to have been made with substandard materials . I sent it back for a refund and had to call to get my full cost of shipping refunded to me . My first experience with Amazon will be my last!I finally found the feeder at a retail store and have been very happy.So have the birds !
 I was extremely disappointed with this feeder . When I took the feeder out of the box , one end of the feeder was completely detached from the base . The person who assembled the feeder apparently did not notice that the staples were not placed in the proper position to line up with the end pieces and consequently did not attach the end piece to the base . One of the suet holders had only one nail and probably should have had four nails , consequently , it fell off immediately . It 's apparent the the company producing the feeders does not have a final inspection of the assembly operation . It will take about 45 minutes using clamps and elephant glue to make the feeder usable . Not a good buy !
 Overall the main part of the feeder is holding up well . However , the wood brackets that holds the suet packetwere so thin the squirrels chewed through them in 3 days making that feature useless . A wire mesh would havebeen a much better idea . I would definately NOT buy this product again or recommend it to a friend .
 The top does not sit well on the feeder when trying to hang it at a higher level . It sits crooked . It should be affixed to the bottom with a swing door on top .
 This bird feeder is OK , but not very heavy duty.The Cedar smell is nice , but the construction is not up to par .
 the product itself seems ok however with the way amazon packed this product i received it broken in two places / / / first time ever had this problem with amazon.com , very upset !
 A little while ago I spotted these markers on here for $ 7.97 a pair . Thought for that price , I might just as well try them ... Well turns out , they were n't even worth that much.I ordered two pairs and out of the four markers , one was completely dead , one would just very faintly stay on and not blink , and the other two -LRB- which I assume were working correctly -RRB- would blink so slowly than if you were to rely on them to see where your driveway ends , you would have to stop and wait for them to light back on . And should I even mention that you have to take them off the PVC pipe that acts as a pole to turn them on , the switch being in the hollow base ? I do n't know if Amazon sold them at such a low price at that time because they were getting rid of a batch of sub-par units , but I would n't even begin to think of chancing it for the price they are selling for now . And not only are they cheaply made , but they look even cheaper . Spend a little more money and buy serious markers ...
 I bought this 3 weeks ago with the hope that I could fix my mouse problem here , no insects just mice.So I put it down in the basement directly facing where the mice were coming in , and it seemed to be working -LRB- I did n't see anything -RRB- the other night though I went downstairs and sure enough I saw a mouse.I decided to move the Rodar into the room with the problem , and last night I saw one walk right past it and not effect.I have a cat and he has caught some of them but I did n't want to have to resort to poison / traps because it gets messy.Now I guess I should have spent the 20-30 $ $ and not bothered with this , and I did talk to an pest control guy and he said that for the most part they do n't work otherwise he would be using them.if I could rate this lower than one star I would .
 This is one of the most expensive units in the category . I have purchased it based on multiple positive reviews.It was very big disappointment to see that rodents are completely ignoring it -LRB- from few feets away -RRB- . However , a little generic device `` DX610 Pest-A-Repel '' -LRB- I 've purchased it for another area -RRB- works just fine.I hope it helps .
 I bought the RODAR II on 10/12/12 . The first thing I did was put in in the yard with some corn nearby and turn it on . In a few minutes , the squirrels were running all around eating the corn and ignoring the RODAR . Then I read the instructions more closely and was informed that it may take several weeks before the RODAR was effective . I thought , OK , and moved the RODAR up in the attic where I have had a squirrel/mouse problem off and on for many years . I positioned the unit to point directly in the area of the noise and was within 30 to 50 feet of the activity . After a couple of months , it seemed as though the RODAR was doing its job as I would only rarely hear any disturbance from above . This morning -LRB- 1/10/13 -RRB- , I was awakened by a continuous scratching noise from the attic in an adjoining room to the master bedroom . I knew the RODAR was only a few yards from the source and decided that it was not going to perform as advertised . I hit the upper wall a few times with the flat of my hand and the scratching stopped for a few minutes and then resumed . I said , `` well that 's that '' and went to the attic to retrieve the unit for a return to Micron Corp. . I called them to see if I needed an RMA number and was informed to just return it for a credit . Noticed my bill said paid by ck which I guess means check but remembered that I used a MasterCard debit card . Included a note to this effect and will see what they do about the refund . My conclusion is that these units really do n't do anything to deter the activities of squirrels/mice . If the word gets out that I have removed the unit and I see a significant increase in activity in the attic , I may reconsider and next time try two units . I 'll update this review in that event . Hopes this helps with your decision to purchase the RODAR II .1 / 14/13 - Got a call from Micron Corp. saying that they just received the unit and I was two days over on the return date limit of 90 days . I explained that I had called before shipment and was told to just return the unit for credit . I had written as much on the return paperwork . It seemed that they were a little reluctant to give me the refund and talked about possible installation issues . After additional discussion they agreed to give me a refund .
 We had flying squirrels in our attic . This product did nothing ! I had to use rat traps to get rid of them .
 I can not tell any difference . . They go right past it like it is n't there . What a waste of my money - I should have given it to the government - same result !
 Mouse are having party inside the ceiling of my bedroom every night.I tried pest control company but they did nothing helpful but left dozens of sticky mouse traps , so I searched around and found this product.I could tell that mouse are a little quiet than before since RODAR II plugged in two month ago , but several are still there , just no happy feet any more . this is the reason I gave more than one star.Now I wish the product is more powerful to get rid of those bad guys completely instead of cooling them down .
 I bought this product to inflate an airbed . The first converter received had a broken piece rattling around inside the case . Amazon sent a replacement that did n't work . I wo n't try again ! Not a quality product . Thanks Amazon for great service !
 As Amazon 's suggested pairing , I ordered this adapter to power a Master Flow MF-1040 Cyclone High Volume Portable Air Compressor . It did n't have enough power to turn over the compressor . I exchanged the it and tried again , same result . This is an adequate product for lighter use , but not for what I needed . Amazon , as always , was great about the return and refund .
 When this item arrived and I could n't get it to work with my compressed air generator , I assumed I had misread the requirements . after reading other reviews , I think that maybe it 's just a bad product . Unfortunately , after I bought this item , it sat in the garage for a while before I used it , so I was unable to return it .
 I pluged it in and it did not work.And i do not know where to send it back to.Plus if i did i would have to pay shipping.My Return label got lost also . -LCB- whitch -RCB- is my fault.B R K.
 I purchased this product and let it sits in my garage for a couple of months . I went to use it this morning and it does n't work . Do n't purchase it . It is a piece of junk .
 About the only thing this power converter is good for is powering a low watt light ! Not even close to the product description !
 I purchased this item to run a small air compressor so that I could air up floats on vacation . I tested the item as soon as I received it and my compressor would not turn on . I was able to get the flashlight on the compressor to come on sometimes . I promptly returned the item for a refund .
 I read some of the bad reviews , but I was convinced the good reviews overturned the bad . I was wrong . I received this unit yesterday and it never worked from the gitgo . I will not make this mistake again . I am now contacting Amazon about returning the unit .
 Cheaply made . I got it , plugged it in , and it burned out . Opened and found a transistor not even screwed in . Save your money . It was n't worth the aggravation of returning it . I used it in my RV . I hard wired a wall socket instead . Works much better , and half the price .
 When we received this item it didn `` t work at all . Had to return to Amazon and ordered a different brand , which worked great .
 THIS THING DID NOT WORK FOR MORE THAN AN HOUR ... . I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANY ONE . BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK
 I purchased this to run a small 3amp -LRB- half the rated capacity -RRB- pump . The pump runs for short time and then stops . I have unplug this unit from the wall and then plug it back in to get it working again . It then works for a short time and then quits again . I would not recommend that any one purchase this item .
 I purchased this unit to power theKoolatron Compact Kooler , which uses 4.5 amps . I figured since this adapter is rated at 5.8 amps there should be no problem . Well there was a problem . I got no juice from the adapter at all . At first I thought it was an issue with the cooler , but I quickly ruled that out when I was able to get the cooler running while plugged into a 12V outlet in my car.I then thought that maybe the amp rating of 5.8 was exaggerated , so I tried plugging in a standard car phone charger , which also did not work with the adapter . My conclusion ... the adapter is a dud . It seems like after reading some other reviews here , the amp rating of 5.8 may indeed be exaggerated , so I decided to go with another product -LRB- 5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter -RRB- . *** UPDATE *** The5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapterworked great right out of the box . My first impression was that it was definitely much heavier than the Sunforce 55520 and it seemed to cool the fridge effortlessly . If you need an AC/DC Power Converter that will power a device upto 5 amps , skip the Sunforce and go with the5 Amp AC to 12V DC Power Adapter . You wo n't regret the decision .
 I bought this to use with a Coleman Inflate-All Quick Pump so I could inflate bike tires and other things without having to be near a car . It did not produce enough power to even budge the pump , even though the manufacturer claims it will work with a pump or compressor.Make sure the seller will pay for return postage if you buy this . -LRB- Northern Tool & Equipment did n't . -RRB-
 I ordered this converter and the first one I received did n't work . I have another converter that runs my DC appliances just fine so I know it was n't my appliances . I returned it and requested a replacement . The replacement did n't work either . I would order a different brand .
 Amazon recommended this product for an air compressor that I was buying . It did n't work for the compressor . It would work for a lower amp 'd item , but that was not why I bought it . So buyer beware of what you need this for .
 I bought this adapter so that I could use my portable air compressor in my house . It does not work with my compressor . It is useless to me . Since the time that I wrote the preceeding three sentences , I have found a use for this item . I can use my cell phone 's car charger in the house with it . It came in handy for a friend of mine who lost his regular AC charger . I am changing my rating from one star to two .
 I PLACED ORDER FOR THE SUNFORCE AC/DC POWER CONVERTER , IT CAME IN AND IT WOULD NOT WORK , AMAZON DID SEND A REPLACEMENT AND LABEL SO I COULD SEND THE BAD ONE BACK . WHEN I GOT THE REPLACEMENT IT DID NOT WORK EITHER . I WOULD RATE THIS PRODUCT A ZERO . AMAZON REFUNDED MY MONEY IN FULL . I WILL CONTINUE BUYING THRU AMAZON BUT TRY TO STAY AWAY FROM ANYTHING MADE IN CHINA . I ALWAYS BUY USA UNLESS THERE IS NOTHING AVAILABLE . I DO N'T MIND PAYING MORE IF USA IS AVAILABLE BUT USA MADE PRODUCTS ARE NOT ALWAYS MORE EXPENSIVE BUT ARE MUCH BETTER QUALITYTHANK YOUJERRY FROM TEXAS
 Despite expert advice this Sunforce product is not a powerful enough tool to convert my wife into an AC/DC fan . It does not work . No matter how long I use this tool she , to this day , does not appreciate the classic rock & roll stylings of AC/DC . Classics like Big Balls , and Dirty Deeds Done Dirt Cheap have yet to hit home with her . I 'll have to re-read the instruction manual ... perhaps I 'm using this device incorrectly .
 First , let me describe myself . I am a DIY , get-it-done , indoor/outdoor , ` not afraid of elbow work ' , minor landscaping , creative , and ` attention to detail ' woman . If I have the strength to complete a project ... it WILL get done.I read the reviews on this product - specifically the lower reviews . However , I saw the percentage of good reviews -LRB- 3-5 stars -RRB- out-weighed the bad . I summed the bad reviews to be a lack of effort and/or a defective product . Well , I made a mistake . The tool fell short and its performance did n't cut it ... excuse the pun.I received this product yesterday -LRB- 10/3/2012 -RRB- and immediately tested it on my 2.75 inched nemesis -LRB- branch is destroying my fence -RRB- and a 3-inch branch . Here it is :1 . Size of ` jaws ' is n't as straight forward as advertised . There is a picture of a 2.3 inch branch entirely in the jaws of this lopper at a ` two-click ' degree of opening . Well if the product was marketed as a 2.3 / 2.5 lopper - that would be great . Why does n't the picture show this device with a 3-inch branch ? I had to put forth a lot of effort and strength to get the 2.75 gripped enough for a cut . I 'll explain further in # 2 , but I did find a 3-inch branch for testing . The 3-inch branch DID NOT FIT in the jaws of this lopper . I guess you could do a ` peck ' cut to create a groove for a more controlled cut . But why should you have to ? 2 . Blade Awkwardness
 I am highly disappointed in this product . I would have not bought it if I had known the weight but the weight was not mentioned . I am a 75 year old woman and my husband is 77 years old - neither of us can handle this lopper . I had used a friend 's lopper of another brand and just assumed this would be the same weight . It cost $ 16 to ship it to me and I did n't want to spend another $ 16 to send it back so I just decided I would give it to charity.Bonnie
 After reading all the other reviews for these loppers , I figured why not give them a try , if they can actually cut a 3 '' branch they would be awesome . I was exceedingly disappointed.I live in a forest on 40 acres , we have lots of pruning to do all the time.There are two `` open '' positions for the jaws , just over 2 '' and barely 3 '' . You can not open them part way . To open the jaws , you have to open the handles to almost 90 degrees , and in order to make a cut -LRB- no matter the size -RRB- you must ratchet the handles at least three times . If you go just a little too far in your ratcheting , the jaws will reopen.So the Trail Blazer loppers are clearly not for doing quick trimming ... but they claim a 3 '' cutting diameter so they 're meant for more serious branch trimming , right ? Bull . Only the tips of the jaws open to 3 '' . Glance at the picture and you 'll see what I mean ... if only the tips open to 3 '' , then you 'll only be able to get the loppers half way around a 3 '' diameter branch . So not only are you just cutting half the branch , you 're also doing the cutting at the tip of the blade , giving you the least leverage.There are much better ratcheting designs : Fiskars Ratchet Drive Anvil LopperThese will cut like regular loppers or ratcheting loppers depending on thickness/hardness . Take a look at the jaws on these loppers , you can actually get a 2 '' branch right down to the base of the blade.Or the Dr. loppers -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , though I 've already broken two blades on these.I look forward to a ratcheting lopper design that can actually fit a full 3 '' branch in it 's jaws , but these are not it .
 This lopper worked great for a couple of days then the handle bent and it would n't ratchet all the way through , so then it was useless . I returned it . Hey , I 'm no mocho man , I 'm an old lady . Stick with the Fiskar brand .
 Have always loved countertop grills , have had several including two George Foremans , but my Hamilton Beach of 20 years ago was my first . i thot i could duplicate its fine results of back then but i was wrong . it overcooks or burns everything but the middles are raw still . this was not the purchase i thought it would be .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! As said earlier , the image is not what you get . Do not waste your money on this junk , it is a cheap knockoff and does n't replicate the true Culpeper Flag at all . The letters are crooked , do not space correctly , Culpeper is misspelled as CULPEPPER ! The snake is not a rattlesnake , it does not have 13 rattles symbolizing the 13 colonies , and it is facing the wrong direction entirely ! Also , it does n't even coil up properly , labeling this product not even a knock-off , but an utter waste of time and money.LET THE BUYER BEWARE!This seller has falsely advertised a nonexistent product . Do not support them . I have contacted them for a refund and I have received nothing . All they want is your hard-earned cash .
 I recently ordered this flag , but the one I received in the mail was different than the one they show in the picture . The one they sent me had a typo on it in which Culpeper was spelled with two p 's
 You get what you pay for and this flag is made cheap . I will be glad if it last one month .
 This filterbag is simply the same filterbag comes with the unit . The difference is that the fabric is denser and thicker hoping that it will catch the sand and silt . But in reality , it is not working . Probably because of the thick fabric , the water can not go through the filter freely . The suction power is not as strong . I do see sand in the bag but not much . Ther sand is stirred up . You will see next day that it goes back to the bottom of the pool . It is very expensive as a filter . I do n't object people making decent profit out of great products . But this filter is way too expensive for what it does or should I say what it does not .
 Well reading `` Terrapot '' and `` Clay '' in the name somehow made me believe it was a clay pot . It 's plastic , which in my view does not pop out clearly enough from the description .
 I know generators are a challenge to keep functional , because they sit idle most of the time . So I used fuel stabilizer and cranked the thing up every 2 months . Still it would n't start when needed during the Nashville flood 2010 , had to get fuel line unclogged -LRB- $ 80 -RRB- . Power outage this month , and would n't start again . Reliable small engine shop tells me it 's actually a Mitsubishi engine , ... that B&S had some arrangement to buy engines from Mitsubishi . And the carburetor has gone unrepairably bad -LRB- after total of about 2 hrs run time ! -RRB- . Carburetor cost $ 250 from Mitsubishi , plus installation charge . No thanks . I guess I 'll just live without an emergency generator
 this product looks okay at best . I found it impossible to keep items interlocked while driving them into the ground . When you drive into ground via left or right side the other side comes out of the ground . This was very frustrating and too expensive for what it is !
 Initially , in June , I reviewed this as a 5-star item and really liked it . I have now - August 13th - downgraded it to 1 star . Yes , it 's very comfortable , and yes , it 's pretty , but that is about as far as I can go ... Because this is a hammock , I assume you are supposed to use it outdoors ... . For the first month I took it inside when the weather looked rainy , and then I finally decided to leave it outside 24/7 . Hey , it 's supposed to be UV and water-resistant , right ?? Notsomuch.After 3 short months outside ... -LRB- or maybe closer to 2 -RRB- it is completely unusable . The cotton has frayed and rotted due to the weather -LRB- normal sun and rain , I think -RRB- and you ca n't use it at all now , because it would just tear apart . Other reviewers have mentioned the fading you will see from the sun , but I did n't even care about that ; I just wanted something to relax in after work ! Well , turns out , this is not the hammock for that ... !! If you have a nice place like an enclosed porch it would probably be a fine hammock , but be sure you purchase the carabiners to hook it up for safety . If I had to give any advice it would be not to buy this !!
 The product is falsely listed on Amazon as a 330 pound weight limit . When I received the hammock it is listed as a 250 lb weight limit . When I contacted the company with a complaint they stated that it 's listed on Amazon as 250 , even though I attached multiple screen shots of the listing of 330 lb capacity -LRB- On MULTIPLE pages . -RRB- When I contacted the company they were gracious enough to allow me to return the item ; and even `` waive '' the restocking fee . So I have to pay postage -LRB- as I already paid shipping one . -RRB- Feel free to contact me at jdzur@yahoo.com if you would like to see the screen shots and read the reply.I will NEVER do business with these false advertisers again!UPDATE
 Make sure you check to see what size hammock you need ... I thought it was one size fits all because the sizes werent offered ... mine was too small and I had to pay $ 15 to ship back a $ 30 item . . wont buy from them again .
 i discovered there are different sizes of hammocks . i have a large stand and this is a tiny hammock.the colors were pretty . the material was fine . felt like cotton , but it was a mix.the wooden stretcher was left unstained and unprotected so i imagine it would get a little rough with time.the stitching was unacceptable . looked like the sewing machine malfunctioned , but the factory worker -LRB- hopefully , an adult -RRB- , just kept on sewing . the seams were jagged and ugly . i think mine was a fluke since no one else has complained about this issue.i returned mine for a larger hammock in a different brand .
 This hammock ca n't even fit a large child ! Let alone a small adult ! The picture is misleading . The color and style are as depicted in the image , but in reality the hammock would n't reach beyond the model 's knees . -LRB- Unless she is a pygmy . -RRB- I 've never seen such a ridiculously small hammock . I laughed in disbelief when I unfolded it from the box!Update
 Piece of *** It 's very comfortable , but a couple of weeks of use started to wear down the ropes , until one of them suddenly snapped !
 The holes in the stretcher boards are not beveled or sanded smooth . After two months the support ropes going through those holes were cut by the action of the wind . I only got to use the hammock four times .
 Very disappointed with this hammock ... it was skimpy and did not have any hanging material . I want my money back . How am I supposed to return it if I have to pay for shipping . Its a ripoff
 the photos of hammocks showed them with a pillow . However , as we found out after we received them the pillow was not included . The ad was misleading . Please remove the pillow from the photo so other people do n't have the same experience.Unhappy in SeabrookJoe & Jenny Lyons281-326-3911Aruba Hybrid Hammock , Single , Vanilla Yellow
 These are not nearly as good as the original Victor mouse traps . The worst part is , all of the stores are now carrying these instead of Victor .
 I used this gel thinking it 's better than peanut butter , but it did n't work . I used it on the spin traps made by D-con . I put the gel in the center compartment and also around the side opening and left it in the kitchen . I saw mouse walking over on top of the side opening instead of into it . If this gel attracts mouse , then it would have at least sniffed around the side opening . A few days later , I wiped off the gel from the trap and used peanut butter on it in the same manner as I just described . I caught a mouse within a day .
 I have a terrible problem with mice right now . This attractant does n't work any better than peanut butter . I thought the mice would find the traps more with this , but it has n't changed the results at all . I catch more with the glue traps baited with rice and bread than putting this stuff on .
 If somehow the world ran out of peanut butter , I 'd use rolled oats before I 'd use this . Hell I 'd use ice cubes , I 'd use dirt . It does nothing .
 Putting a drop of gel in a trap looked less messy than peanut butter , so I thought I 'd give it a try . It did seem to attract mice , although no better than PB and I also noticed that 2 of the 3 mice I caught with the gel died , and the one did survive look sick when I released him . I do n't know if the gel is toxic , or if they just are n't as ` filled up '' and ca n't tolerate waiting in the trap until morning , but either way it I decided to stop using it . If I wanted to kill them , I 'd use the less expensive and more humane snappy traps , not the ` Live Catch '' traps .
 Peanut butter worked better.So far , it has yet to attract a single mouse . I would not buy this product again .
 this product DOES NOT WORK !!! I had some mice issues and tried this and trust me either peanut butter or gummie bears work much better
 I was suspicious when I stuck the freshly opened bottle right under my nose and smelled -- nothing . Maybe a faint whiff of chocolate and peanut butter , but only because I was expecting something like that . I thought maybe mice perceive odor differently . I 'm sure they do , but not this stuff . I baited one trap with peanut butter and one with this gel . The peanut butter caught a mouse . Tomcat Gel caught nothing . I wrote email to the company . No response after five days.Peanut butter on a cracker crumbled onto a sticky board and D-Con poison work for me .
 The mice I used to have -LRB- I say ` used to ' because these traps `` Kness SNAP-E Mouse Snap Traps '' & `` Victor M2524 Electronic Mouse Trap '' really got rid of them with peanut butter mixed with millet seeds as bait -RRB- were actually deterred by this so-called ` attractant ' . It made the mice ignore my traps instead!This might work on certain mice , but certainly not the ones I had -LRB- which also seemed too smart for their own good - they could not be fooled into thinking a chemical gel was real food -RRB- . This sort of problem happens for those using any attractant I think -LRB- from complaints I 've seen along my research -RRB- . Such as those mint type ones - some mice hate mint -LRB- and stay away until the smell fades -RRB- and some love it , showing it by chewing up the pouches and eating the contents then having a poop party.Attractants are not the best way to go as baits if you want to get rid of mice fast and without guessing/retrying plus losing money in the end.Use the traps I wrote above -LRB- especially that snap trap , catches even the smart ones -RRB- and peanut butter with millet seeds mixed it -LRB- even regular Walmart bird seed will work -RRB- . The main thing is use anything you know the mice enjoy eating and use the one they eat the most of as bait in a dark covered area , you 'll get the results you 're looking for.I do not recommend this attractant at all and hope I can get a refund for it .
 These are too light , too hard , too fragile and do n't nearly compare to other cushions which are more resilient , comfortable and durable . With others you may have to pay twice the price at a retail store but at least you will know ahead of time what you are buying and you will get much more for your money .
 This is a sorry piece of foam . As a previous reviewer said , they do leave impressions in your knees . Also , this product leaves the color of the foam on whatever it touches ... your knees , your clothes , your hands ... EVERYTHING ! Do n't buy them .
 I wanted to replace an aging kneeling cushion with this , but am disappointed with the quality . It is so lightweight , that it makes impressions where your knees are . It is also smaller than expected . Would have liked to know the exact dimensions before buying . I use it for gardening , and it is better than having nothing . For the price , this product should be considered close to disposable , as it wo n't last more than a few times .
 Other reviewers have said to get two of these pads because they 're thin ; I tried that and it was not satisfactory because they are too hard.I prefer the Black & Decker 1707 Deluxe 1-1/4 - Inch Thick Garden Kneeling Pad . You 'll only need one of those .
 This kneeling cushion was used for the sole purpose of gardening . The foam may be water resistant , but it is not very thick and your knees can feel the sticks underneath it . The foam does not have a protective coating like other kneeling pads I have used , and therefore it takes the shape of whatever it is sitting on -LRB- for instance your knees and sticks below your pad -RRB- . The kneeling pad could be improved for gardening ; therefore , I would not recommend this product for gardening .
 i feel the picture of these pads is deceiving . for this price of almost $ 7 i thought there would be 3 pads ; however , when i opened the box there was only one . i am very disapointed in this purchase .
 The picture showed 3 cushions in 3 different colors , at a price of about $ 7 . There was no ability when ordering to indicate the color , so I figured the $ 7 was for all 3 cushions . When the package arrived , I was very surprised to find only one cushion , a yellow one . I have no idea how they thought I 'd prefer the yellow color . I should have returned it for the $ 7 credit , but frankly the money was not enough to warrant taking the time . Stay away from this product !
 First off the picture makes it seem like you get 3 kneeling Cushions , but it ' only one.The cushion is thin and not worth the money at all , a towel under my knees would have worked better.Fiskars 9421 Large Ultra Light Kneeling Cushion -LRB- Colors May Vary -RRB-
 I ordered this box because I liked the color and the large size . When I opened the package I was intially happy , as the top lid looks very nice . Unfortunately I was not as happy as I unpacked the rest of the parts . The wood and stain on the box is very cheap . The bottom is open slats ; I expected it to be solid given the product description , `` Constructed to withstand the elements . '' There are a few nicks , dings , and even splits in the wood , all of which produce splinters.I probably will not return the item , but sand out the dings and splinters myself and give it a good wood oil treatment . It looks OK -LRB- not great -RRB- overall , and while it is not as high quality as I was expecting it will probably be fine for a season or two.Pros
 I bought this product from Charles Keath last year . It is so warped , split , checked and cracked now that it will soon be going into the fire pit . It is also carried by Montgomery Ward online and a few others . Keath was zero help , as well as the importer somewhere in Indiana .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 It 's important to know that while this may keep out squirrels , it WO N'T keep out those `` thug '' birds.I hung this feeder out today , because my local bird store told me it would keep out larger birds . Well , the grackles just love it . They 've been hanging on it all day . Because the cage is only 8 '' in diameter , their long beaks easily reach through the cage to get the seed , and they 've been jealously guarding it as their personal food source all morning . Sorry songbirds !
 THIS TENT IS NO GOOD FOR ANY TYPE OF WIND OR SLIGHT BREEZE . ALL OF THE `` HOLDING '' RINGS RIPPED OUT OF THE MATERIAL ITSELF . THE SIDES ARE HELD BY CHEAP VELCRO THAT ALSO RIPPED OUT OF MATERIAL . WOULD NOT RECCOMMEND THIS FOR ANY OTHER WEATHER THAN A 95 DEGREE DAY WITH NO SIGHT OF ANY KIND OF BREEZE OR WIND IN THE AREA . ALSO WHEN WE RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT , IT HAD DIRT SPOTS ON IT THAT WERE GREASE LIKE . NO WAY WOULD I RECCOMEND THIS TENT FOR ANY OCCASSION . WOULD LIKE TO SEND IT BACK
 This tent is super basic , and you CA N'T set it up with one person . I 'm a small 5 ' 1 '' woman and I BROKE one of the side frames trying to open it by myself , its very cheap aluminum . And it does leak , and its kind of short , you 'll feel like your tent is short compared to all the pretty and tall easy ups at craft fairs ... . if someone GIVES you one for free I would n't turn it down , but do n't go buy one because it seems like there are better and cheaper options out there .
 I was so excited to buy this tent I thought that it was going to be a good thing . I bought this for my very first craft show and we set it up -LRB- with 4 people , extra steaks and extra rope that we had to buy since what came with it was insufficient -RRB- , immediately the joints were bowing and the second we fastened the Velcro from the sides it ripped off . Then we started to get a slight breeze and the steaks pulled out of the ground . It was n't even windy enough to blow my hair around . Unfortunately it decided to rain . IT IS NOT EVEN WATER RESISTANT !!! The top leaked through like a lightweight t-shirt . not only did we get soaked but all of our product got RUINED . The ad says that it blocks UV ... HA ! One day I was sitting under it and the sun was out , I sure did get a nice tan . I was very disappointed with this product and very sad I was naive enough to waste my money . Also my husband tried to call the manufacturer just to say that it was a disappointment , and they would not accept his call .
 its a nice tent until any kind of weather hits it . it might work better indoors.i have to throw it away and i havent even paid for it yet
 I had it set up for a couple months and then a windstorm came and bent one of the sides . The tent is totaled now . That should n't happen . Its horrible and cheaply made.Don ' t buy this tent . Its also not completely waterproof .
 I bought this tent to use at art fairs . It 's very cheaply made , and bent irreparably the 2nd time I set it up . Then the duct tape came out , etc. in my pathetic attempt to fix it . Ended up in the garbage . Waste of money . Avoid like the plague ! -LRB- Can I give it no stars ? -RRB-
 We found the canopy very difficult to set up . There were two of us and we set them up a lot . I do not feel I would want to set it up alone which I do all the time with our other one . Vendors return policy makes it so it is not worth sending back .
 If you are going to use this tent on a windy day or in a windy area , you do not want to buy this . We put this up for our first time according to the instuctions . It almost blew away . We tied it down better and put more stakes in and the wind tore it to pieces .
 Oh ! My . I got this product in June , 2010 , it was a 10X10 though , and price was the original plus shipping , used for the first time June 5 , put it away and open it back to use at Father 's Day Jun 19 , we had a quick rain in the afternoon and when I looked outside to continue my decorations for the next day , there was this `` quality '' product all crocket , and they will not refund my money because they already knew was a bad product . Do not buy it . If you want something to last a little more then 14 days do not buy it . But if you do want something as bad as this one you can find cheaper so at least you do not waste that much. : -LRB-
 I was literally shocked at how bad this product is . I teach a course in which we have to know the wind velocity as part of a computation . There was a five knot wind when we set it up and it immediately began to fold . The horizontal cross members are connected with the flimsiest connection I have ever seen and they were unable to withstand a five knot wind . The top continuously caved in on the upwind side.I tried to call the company and was told someone would get back to me ; no one ever has . Do not buy this tent it is a total waste of money .
 The good things first , it was easy to set up , the walls are great with the windows -LRB- to bad they could n't be unzipped -RRB- . My experience with 10 to 15 mph winds was horrible . One of the poles bent and I ca n't seem to find another so it is no good
 Blew over in less than 2 min and broke . This is a very cheep and would never have someone purchase it . We replaced it for about the same price without sides from Dick 's Sports in Ann Arbor . If you do purchase this one , get the weights for the legs b/c it is really flimsy .
 This canopy is not worth 6.99 let alone 69.99 plus shipping . What a rip off ! My daughter and I used it this week end for our first craft fair and this is what we encountered when we opened the box . The ropes were not long enough to anchor the canopy . The sides did not fit properly . The zippered front and back was ripped along the seam of the zipper . The zipper on the carrying case popped apart . The one side of the canopy was bowed in and definitely not sturdy . The so-called stakes were the diameter of an oversized paperclip . Do NOT waste your money . We were extremely disappointed and very embarrased by our canopy . Thank God it did n't rain or have strong winds . Atleast someone was on our side . I would not suggest this canopy to anyone . Ours is going to the dump and chalked up as a very bad experience and big waste of money .
 I am a vendor - i do 49 weekends a year of indoor n outdoor shows.This product and the 10x20 gazebo I bought is pure fiction.The material used in manfacture is substandard.It bends at the joints the first time we tried to put it up.what was sent was 2 10x10 ez ups - and beleive me it was not ez to erect.do not waste your money
 I purchased this canopy for my booth for an art fair . I realized that it is not meant to withstand winds -LRB- I believe I read of over 10mph -RRB- and had read from another reviewer that it was not waterproof either . Knowing that , I went ahead because of the photos and the inclusion of the four walls and the price . I am sorry that I did . This might make for a great indoor tent but I would not recommend it to anyone who will be using it out of doors . The winds were nowhere near 10mph and the wall supports at the top started to buckle almost immediately upon putting it up . I was concerned the entire fair that these supports would continue to bulge and possibly collapse . I talked to several artists who had had similar tents and they had never seen the walls do this . I went to the golf outlet website after returning home and read all of the fine print . I assume they will use this as the reason the supports buckled . I think it would be simpler in the description to just say this makes a great indoor canopy . I do n't recommend it for outdoor events .
 I was highly disappointed in this product . The tent broke the second time I put it up ! Broke in 1 place 2nd time putting up and in 3 more places when we took it down . It would cost me more to ship it back than it 's worth ! I will not buy another tent !
 It broke the first time I put it up . I splinted and taped it and it broke in two more places . Rain come right through the fabric . I am very dissapointed with this produce .
 Do not waste your money on this product . I wish I would have seen these reviews prior to my purchase . We put it up at an art fair this weekend and lost approximately $ 200 of merchandise as the rain came right through the fabric . You can see right through the fabric . My neighbor had a First Up from Walmart that was waterproof and we stood under her canopy . It was cheaper and I will be buying one from Walmart this week . I am disputing the charge with my credit card company .
 Did n't hold up in wind . Good for good weather . Should have bought a better tent . Broke several items for sale .
 When I first got the product I was happy to have it . I set it up a few times at a local farmers market and had no problems . The fourth time the framework started to come apart and two roof supports came completely apart . I brought the tent home and set it up with no problem . I tightened all the joints that have screws and noticed that many of the riveted joints had been damaged and were not very secure . Still the tent stood . I tried to set the tent up at yesterday 's market and never succeeded before the frame collapsed into a mangled heap of useless metal . I realize that the item I bought is a low cost , low value , cheaply made item but I hoped to use it more before it became useless . I will try to fix it using bolts , washers and nuts in all the joints . I will also put a 2 x 2 on each of the four sides using some type of bracket . If it works , good for me . That I have to resort to spending more money and trying to fix this product is shame on you .
 I have used many types of 10 x 10 tents for craft shows . this one is ok for keeping the rain off and easy to put up for one person.However , the materials used are very cheap . All of the plastic pieces broke within the first few weeks of using it . The metal sides are permanently bowed inward from a little bit of wind . The tent -LRB- yes I have weights to hold it down -RRB- does n't stand up for anything in wind . The walls are frayed and ripped where the Velcro is that attached them to the tent . And the carrying case is worthless . Save your money ! Buy a real EZ Up !
 I bought this tent in March knowing I would n't even pull it out until this week set it up , and one small gust of wind even with weights bend the sissor frame in 3 places . Save your money ! Complete waste of money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I was very dissappointed with the purchase of this item , after setting up in my yard that night we had winds of less then 10 mph and the canopy blew across the yard and broke one of the top legs @ the push button , making theproduct useless for future use , I evev staked it down with much stronger camping spikes.It however was good for the single day it was used in blocking out the sun .
 when we rec 'd . item , it looked like it was dropped from an airplane and the box flipped over about 85 times . also the seams on the carrying bag were coming apart . thumbs down !
 this product looks great when first set up , by the end of the first day , half the velcrow tabs came off because they were not sewed on very well , some of the seams were pulling to get the walls attached , everytime the wind blew , and it was n't a very windy day . Could n't get it back in the bag because the zippered ripped right down the side becasue the material was so cheap . Second set up , one little gust of wind , and it collapsed and bent the ceiling frame . now I have a useless tent.this product might be ok for indoor use , but made with cheap materials .
 Sadness is what the tent has brought us . We thought maybe we 'd been setting it up improperly , causing extreme wear and tear -LRB- after probably 3 uses -RRB- , but after seeing all of these other negative reviews , it 's clear that this is an inferior product . Please spend your money on something better-made with sturdier materials . The bag ripped the first day we used it , and the metal `` structure '' of the canopy was soon to follow , with bars snapping in half where they were screwed together . The thing is a piece of ... garbage . Learn from our mistake !
 I purchased this tent to use at arts and crafts festivals . The first time I set it up two hours into the festival a gust of wind came along and bent the aluminum frame so badly we had to pack up and go home and the tent was ruined after one use . No other tents in the festival were damaged , the stakes to hold it in the ground were so flimsy that we could bend them with our hands .
 There is a reason it is such a great deal . We used this tent twice . The third time we used it a pole was broken . When we attempted to set it up at home to fix the break , several more broke . Go ahead and spend more money on one that will last .
 I ordered this product and it came right away which excited me . It was as it stated as a pop-up canopy which excited me . It looked beautiful when I put up the side walls which thrilled me since it was for my daughter 's bridal shower . The first strong wind knocked it over which disappointed me ! When it knocked it over the steel bent and broke and the canopy was unusable and had to be taken to the dump . My son-in-law to be had to help me cut it apart because it was broken and could not be pushed back in to it 's original fold-in position . I was very disappointed with this item .
 after 1 Los Angeles rain , the tent caved in and bent the frame . Do you know what soCal rains are like ? not forceful or very heavy . This tent caved with the weight of just a few pounds . worthless
 I purchased this tent in May and when it arrived , although there was no dent in the box from shipping , a support rod was dented/damaged . I contacted bestproducts immediately . They told me to take a picture , submit a form , email the pictures and form to them and they would get back to me . I had purchased the tent for an outdoor art festival as it was advertised as being for such purpose and as being `` heavy duty '' . I would say that neither was a particularly true statement . However , since I had n't heard back from them yet and really did n't have a lot of time before the event , I used the tent and supported it with gridwall and so forth so that my photographs would be safe and dry . A rain storm came and the entire tent collapsed . I lost most of my photographs and would simply recommend to most of you out there , just rent a tent , whether it 's for a one day or two week event , it 's worth it and they put it up and take it down for you . These tents are not heavy duty . And I never did get a helpful response from bestproducts . They told me to contact the manufacturer , whose number was disconnected and when I google earthed the address , it was really a pool hall . If you absolutely must own a tent , go on ebay or craig 's list . A lot of artists upgrade and sell theirs there . Best of luck ! But whatever you do , do not buy this proudct . I promise it 's not worth the shipping!New 10 ' X 10 ' EZ Pop Set Up Canopy Tent Gazebo Includes 4 Sidewalls White
 Window plastic and cords disintegrate in 6 months . Otherwise good product . Need to replace bad window panels .
 This pop-up canopy has a very flimsy frame that bent and broke the very first time I tried to open it -LRB- carefully . -RRB- It might be appropriate for a one-time use or an indoors use , but it is extremely light-weight aluminum that bends with a woman 's fingers . I decided to keep the canopy because I liked the side walls which are attached with tie-tabs and velcro tabs . The fabric is very white in color and seems to be sturdy enough and I like the plastic windows . I can tie the side walls to my commercial-weight canopy frame with ease .
 So I broke mine the first time I set it up . Very flimsy construction.Do not recommend buying this tent . The discription said it was made of steel . It really ismade of aluminum , which is why it is so light . I do love the look of the tent . found out the hard way itis not waterproof . They do n't claim that it is . but I was hoping . oh well .
 Do not waste your money !!!!!!!! Frame buckels very easily , becomes damaged in wind of more than 10 mph and will become useless . Used a total of 4 times and put frame in trash . Spend the extra monies and buy a better grade canopy !
 I was extremely disappointed in the quality of this canopy . I do art booths and sometimes need one to be white so I bought this one as is is much cheaper than the other options for white canopies with sidewalls . I left it set up for a weekend in my backyard with weights on two legs and the other two up against a wall in a corner . When I got home the frame was broken in two places and the canopy material torn through in two places . I would not recommend this product for anyone who is looking for durability or longevity . It was a the best price , but it seems in this case you do get what you pay for .
 I sent this back . I did not even open the box . After reading the other reviews I decided this was not what I was looking for . I ordering the swiss gear shade tent .
 Save yourself the money and do n't by this canopy . It worked fine the first two times and when we tried to use it the 3rd time for an art fair the metal bar inside snapped . Completely broke . We taped it tried to do our best with it but 10 minutes later another bar snapped and then the little base legs at the bottom as well . We could n't believe it . I do n't know if it was the heat or what but the metal/cheap material could n't take it and broke . I contacted the seller and they have n't responded.Really disappointed that something I paid 100 + did n't last more than 2 times of use.CHEAP !
 Did not see the reviews before purchasing . This is a useless tent . Bars bent as we put it up the first time and no returns allowed . It was a present from my sons to my husband and a waste of money . This should be removed from Amazon
 Not only did it take 4 people to set up , it took more rope and steaks that we had to buy because what came with it was a joke . All the joints were bowing and was FAR from sturdy . It leaks in rain like a lightweight t-shirt , it 's not uv protected since I was sitting under it and got a nice tan . The Velcro for the sides ripped off 30 seconds after closing it for the first time . Seems inside the tent were falling apart when we took it out of the package . I was extremely disappointed I wasted my money because now that we used it once it 's time for the dump .
 Wow , was I ever disappointed . We bought three and got one good use out of each . The frame is a bit stronger than tin foil , and broke very easily . I 'd recommendit if you like the idea of a one time use only and then want to throw it away .
 Although the canopy is fairly easy to put up , one side of the metal structure was bent causing it to sag . Also , one of `` pop outs '' in one legs will not pop all the way out so there is no way to keep that corner of the canopy up . Unfortunately , we needed to use the canopy the week it was received so we could not return it . I will not purchase from this source again .
 I used this for 4 craft shows . It is extremely awkward , takes at least two preferably three people to set it up , and is not durable . The braces are extremely week and actually broke clean in two places and the one leg refused to hold . Piece of junk , do n't waste your money .
 the 10x10 popup arrived with one damaged leg and a broken zipper I have put in for a return but have not received a response yet and its been a week . if the zipper was not so week I think it would be fine at this point I just would like to get my money back
 This was a nice little sun shade , but the other day we were expecting rain and I had to do some carpentry work outside . I wanted to set up my saw and cut under it . I left the tent for about 20 mins . while working inside . The whole thing collapsed . It 's not worth your money
 I was sadden by the poor quality of this tent.I have bought various pop up tents and I never saw a poor quality of the tent.On my wedding day we set up the tent and hours later it fell over and had 2 snapped bars in the frame . Lucky noone was under the tent . but I do not recommend this item if you plan to have an event outside .
 This tent collapsed and the metal snapped after one night of rain . The water did not flow off but instead gathered and the weight caused it to buckle . It would probably be fine for a one day event but we needed it to be standing for a week-long childrens camp . The company did reimburse us as the tent could n't be fixed or reused .
 We live in Oregon so bought the canopy for rain more than sun . Do n't buy this for that reason ! THE TOP IS NOT WATER PROOF ! It leaks everywhere there is a seam .
 I BOUGHT THIS iTEM IN fEB 2011 , THE FIRST TIME i PUT IT UP A CORNER POLE BENT ! I CONTACTED THEM AND THEY SENT ME A NEW POLE FREE ! THE NEXT TIME I PUT IT UP 3 STRUTS BROKE . I CONTACTED THEM AGAIN AND THEY SAID , -LRB- AFTER 2 OR 3 COMUNICATIONS -RRB- THEY DO N'T SELL SPARE PARTS AND I SHOULD FIND SOMEONE ELSE TO REPAIR IT !! I WOULD NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM BESTCHOICE PRODUCTS AGAIN !
 It broke after 3 set ups ... the metal frame is too thin and can not withstand several uses ... . I wish I would have purchased another one.Looks really cute when up but if you can spend an extra few buck , get a better stronger kind .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . I purchased this exact item in March 2009 . In just a few weeks , the deep color started to fade on top . As of July 1 , it looks completely faded , the peppers are almost gone , and is looking really ugly . The Seems are now splitting . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 I do NOT recommend this grill cover . In just a few weeks , the deep blue color has faded badly on top . I can not imagine how it will look one year from now . Unless you plan to use this cover indoors , I would not recommend buying it .
 Although this product may appear to be very versatile , it can easily be broken if cutting branches or othe harder material . Comfort is something , but not everything /
 Well , I have a Carruth Leafman masque that looks very much like the online image for this one . HOWEVER , this thing is a tiny , little , itzy , bitzy thing !! AND definitely NOT worth the price ... DO NOT BUY ONE OF THESE !!!!! I was expected a masque sized normal hanging like the other one . Buyer be very careful ... I wo n't buy from this vendor ever again !!!
 No matter how much teflon tape I 've placed on this , it continues to leak from the back connected to the main faucet when I leave the water on to a mainline out to my garden and timer . The quick connects stay on for a moment then slip and begin to leak . I yanked them off and threw them away . I much prefer the dials to turn the water on and off , now if I could only get the rear of the thing to quit leaking .
 I bought this last summer to help me manage three separate drip irrigation systems . It worked pretty well last summer , with not much leaking . I drained it over the winter , and it was largely protected from the elements during this very , very mild winter we just had on the east coast . Imagine my surprise when I turn on the faucet this past weekend and the entire unit leaks across the back . The seam between the plastic on the entire back of the unit has apparently opened , so the unit is now worthless after basically one season of use . Very disappointing .
 Bought this because , lucky me , it was in my Gold Box . What a rip . This sculpture is MUCH smaller than I imagined . No more Carruth stuff for this guy .
 While this little plaque is cute as a bug , it is teeny ! I was shocked to find it was no bigger than the palm of my hand . Silly me to assume I was getting somethin about a 5X7 size .
 If you are looking for a paper weight this is for you . If you are looking for decorations to sit in your garden , think again .
 Item great , vendor bad!Thought this was a good deal because i had purchased a 4oz bottle somewhere else for much more.Turns out this is much more expensive only 2oz bottle they show small picture of product and do n't specify how big bottle is ! VERY DECIEVING !!
 There are a plethora of nematode varieties out there , many tailored for specific applications.It would be nice if the seller would provide sufficient information to make an informed purchase -- possibly starting by identifying , with specificity , the species of nematode being offered for sale . Application data , from the USDA , would also be of assistance to many purchasers.As it stands , currently , this listing is worthless .
 I agree with the former two reviews appearing here . In all fairness , the ad format does not allow room for exhaustive technical information . With that in mind , it would have been wise of the seller to at least include a means of technical assistance for pre-purchase contact ... . I could not find anything on the page that would allow me to make an informed decision about purchasing this item . Information revealing species type , application rate , and expected coverage area would have been helpful , not to mention a guarantee for live delivery ... The `` number of units left '' information is NOT sufficient evidence for me to justify a $ 50.00 expenditure .
 I ca n't use a product that does not give me technical data such as application rate and the benefits of the particular nematode being offered in this product . What insects do these nematodes treat ?
 So apparently if the mice are small , and arent they all , then the mice might be too light to set the trap off . After three days , the mice had eaten all the the food and the trap didnt go off at all . The only other reason could be that the mice are walking around the trigger to reach the food . I am pretty certain they have stepped on the trigger from the little mice print on the trigger . I have not been able to catch any mice yet . I will try setting the trigger as sensitively as I can and then I will try the suggestion made by clover from SC ... I had a cheap live mouse trap from the `` old country '' and it worked ten times better . How disappointing ...
 I 'm not sure if it 's me or the trap but I 've yet to catch any chipmucks with this trap -- on the bright side they are enjoying the lovely snacks I leave for them !
 The chipmunks are able to climb on top and release the trap . ALL I can catch is mice . The mouse traps are cheaper than this piece of crap !
 I bought the Hurrican fogger several years ago . The blue plastic tank top cracked up like it was uncured plastic still shrinking . JB Weld was the only fix . After several more hours hours of use it just quit running . I found it was not made to be repaired in any easy way . I got maybe 4 hours of use out of it . I would n't buy another at half the price .
 Only one strip for hardness if that 's what you 're interested in ; so a big price to pay .
 Bought locally . While I trust the strips for Ph , it said my water had low hardness . I have the hardest water in the known universe . All the tests in this kit said I had the best water on the planet.They offer three mail-in tests for $ 15 each . I suspect that is what this kit is about.Maybe I 'll buy a better kit ...
 Is n't it frustrating when you purchase a product based on the manufacture 's description , only to find that it was inaccurately described - erroneously described , in fact - leaving you without the item that you needed , without recourse , and without the funds that you wasted because of the sloppy policies of the product distributor ? Such is the situation here.This test kid does not test separately for chloramine as stated , just total chlorine.I 've called and written to Culligan - two emails , two phone calls - to inquire , and on this issue they are completely confused and uninterested in addressing this problem . I was hoping that they could update their product description , so that other customers could avoid this problemA sad commentary , illustrating how a large company has lost the desire to provide quality products , and also lost the desire to discuss concerns with their customers ... Banking on the momentum of name recognition , Culligan does not seem to mind misrepresenting it 's products .
 You will receive one test strip for chlorine , so if you make a mistake or expected to be able to do more than one test , you 're out of luck . Other test kits provide numerous strips so testing can be done as needed , not just once . Do not waste your money for one test .
 I live in Philadelphia and have an outdoor garden patio . Believe it or not , we have lots of mosquitos . For some reason , they completely ignore my husband and feast on me . This past August , we did a cross-country road trip and discovered this device in a prominent fishing store in Durango , CO. . The sales person assured us that it worked . As a matter of fact , he told us , his avid fishing buddies said nothing works better . My husband was leery , I said , `` I 'll take one ! `` Bottom line is I still get bitten . I 'd like to think less bites than before ; truth is , not much less . I wanted to justify the $ 14 spent on it , to say , `` This device is AMAZING ! '' . Not possible . You will get bites . Also , the buzzing of the device is so high pitched and loud that after having it in even a thigh pocket for a short time , your ears will ring all night . They ring as if you were at a rock concert next to the amplifiers . I 'd hoped to get away from chemical sprays but this product does n't have the swat to make those pesky skeeters go away . Truthfully , if I want my ears ringing , I 'd want my ticket worth at a great concert . The Mosquito Annoyer is a gimmick and should be booed off the stage like a bad opening act .
 The description states two times that the unit is solar-powered or charged . I ordered this unit specifically because it was solar . It is definitely not solar - as verified by the seller after the sale and by my own research on the William Joseph website . I have wasted time in getting this item , printing the return label , posting it back to them , and ordering another item . The seller says that , on Amazon who ever lists an item first gets the listing and everyone else who sells the same item has to use the listing that they have provided and we are unable to change the listing . Does n't matter ; the seller knowingly sold an item that could n't perform as advertised . I am so tired of blaming someone else . It remains to be seen whither I get a return shipping reimbursement or not . By the way , I received 3 units instead of the 2 I ordered . Maybe it was accidental , maybe it was meant to pacify me .
 It does n't get any better than this . It attracts mosquitos like it were just me standing alone in the middle of a swamp ... oh wait , that 's not what it 's supposed to do!Oh well . I 've always heard these sound based things are crap . Now I 've proof . : -LRB-
 Make sure you have the correct size because they 'll charge you $ 5.11 for shipping and $ 1.88 for `` restocking '' to return it . Net to you $ 0 . There are different sizes and they do n't make it all that clear in the description - so they can make double on you when you return the wrong size . It would have fit in a # 10 env . and could have been sent for less than $ 1.00 but Customer service said I had to use their RMA label ... Shame on you Amazon for ripping off your customers ! I should have just kept it and ordered the right size somewhere else .
 I love the way it can convert from a vac to a blower with the flip of a switch but after 11/2 seasons the piston and cylinder are scored very bad on the exhaust side so it no longer runs . I mix gas and oil properly and use the same mixture with my trimmer and edger which continue to work fine so there is noting wrong with my fuel . I conclude this is junk .
 Yard-Man QuickShift Gas Blower/Vacuum model # YMGBV3100Bought one , loved how it worked , lasted 1.5 year , thought I try another , second one lasted less than the first , motors junk
 I bought it for my preK class so I could put pictures showing people at the given temperatures so they could see what the mercury level means . There simply is n't enough space between 32 degrees and 70 degrees to accomplish that .
 I was thrilled with this product after the first day of using it ! It 's light duty , but perfect for the cleaning around the yard and washing the car , which is what I wanted it for . Unfortunately , the hose was kinked when I removed it from the box ; I was concerned , but apparently not concerned enough . The second day of spraying down the patio , the hose burst in one of those kinks . The store I bought it from does n't carry replacements hoses , and they are n't on the manufacture 's website . Unfortunately , I ca n't say that I would recommend this product .
 Unless you desire to keep both the electric cord and the water source very close by , this will greatly dissappoint you.I tried to wash my car with it , but could get more pressure from my hand nozzle on the hose.Tried to use in other areas , and even with the power nozzle , the pressure was non existent.Save your money and buy a real one !
 I bought this and was happy enough at first - used 3-4 times to wash a small -LRB- 20x25 foot -RRB- deck and some brick steps . Did OK - hose connection to unit always leaked a little even with a washer . Went to use it this summer and cheap plastic handle had water gushing out where the trigger was - not cracked , - I 'm guessing a seal leaks . Karcher has no customer service .
 After 6 years in my home , I badly needed to clean the exterior and always wanted a better way to clean the cars . And with rental prices of a pressure washer at $ 50 + , I figured this sub $ 100 unit was a `` no-brainer '' . I could tackle the house over a weekend and from there I could use it to wash the cars weekly.Test project . Wash my car ! Sadly , this unit was a disappointment . It was only slightly more pressure than my garden hose attachment . In fact , it was n't painful to put my hand in front of the unit , even on the max setting -LRB- I did n't try this with the concrete wand , though -RRB- . It did not save me any time.I know a gas powered unit is more appropriate for cleaning the exterior of my home , but at 1400psi , I figured it would still loosen the dirt if I got up close , based on Consumer Reports latest tests . With the poor performance on my car test , I could n't imagine trying to tackle other project with this unit -LRB- patio furniture , siding , deck , driveway , etc. -RRB- . The only positives I can think of are
 I bought a more expensive Karcher washer several years ago . It worked very well for about 6 months . It still works , but there is a leak in the trigger mechanism that makes the pump cycle on and off whenever you 're not spraying . It 's messy and aggravating.My father bought a similar unit a few months later , his pump quit after about 6 months of occasional use .
 We purchased a Karcher K2 .35 electric pressure washer from QVC March 12 , 2004 . We used it twice that year . Once to wash the house and once to clean the patio & sidewalk . We put it away carefully for the next year . Three weeks ago I pulled it out , set it up correctly and when I turned on the water -LRB- with or without the machine powered on -RRB- the trigger gun spewed water out from all along the yellow trigger . There was no pressure in the water coming out of the nozzle . We called Karcher thinking that there was a two year warrenty on the product only to find out that the trigger gun is considered a standard accessory or attachment and only has a 90 day warrenty . It will cost an additional $ 40.00 to replace the part . QVC stated that they do n't get involved in warrenty issues on products , so they were no help . All they did was send us a copy of the manufacturers warrenty . This is definately a buyer beware product . Like a previous reviewer I had to give this product one star because , unfotunately , there is nothing less .
 I bought and used this unit 3 times . Once on my deck and then second time cleaning my cement sidewalk . The third was an attempt to clean a brick wall that was built and then the motor burnt out ??? Not a very well built washer . I have since switched to a gas powered pressure washer and so far so good .
 I purchased this pressure washer and was happy for about a week . The hose pretty flimsy and will kink very easily . When it does the hose will bust . You can get a replacement for about $ 50 but I purchased the washer for $ 100 . You ca n't use a normal replacement hose that you can find at a hardware store because the propriety connection of the hose to the wand -LRB- handle -RRB- will only fit the Karcher product . To get around this I had to purchase an entire new wand and hose -LRB- Heavy duty -RRB- for $ 50 . Now I have spent $ 150 on a $ 100 unit . I should have done a little more research first , and then sprung $ 200 for an electric model with a standard hose and wand . I will never purchase this brand again and have talked several people out of buying one due to my issue .
 Hopefully you are reading this because you started with the least expensive model and are working upwards . I have a model 390 . Read my story before you spend your money.I am the sad owner of a Karcher pressure washer . Exactly two months and one year after buying my washer , it broke . The suction tube , which is made of plastic , and is the only feed for water to the unit , broke.Karcher stated that since I was out of warranty I was out of luck . I found a site that sold the part I needed . After installing the part , I found that the motor was also burnt out.Your washer WILL break . Regardless of the statement about backing their products , once you are out of warranty , you are a non-person to Karcher . Waste your money on their products at your own risk .
 I bought the k245 , lasted one year with very little use then the pump blew apart ! Then I bought the 520m -LRB- heavy duty -RRB- lasted alittle over a year and lost pressure ! What a waste of money .
 The pressure washer gave out a burnt smell and quit working after only 20 minutes of operation , even after I followed the procedures exactly as the manual stated . I received no response from the manufacturer after trying to contact them . Save your money and buy from another manufacturer . I have to give it at least one star , because there 's no option for no stars . A real piece of junk !!!
 Used it once for about 10 minutes with no problems . About a week later , began power washing my pool deck and the motor burned out in 3 minutes . Followed instruction manual to the letter , was not even using a detergent . Ca n't get a response from the manufacturer either . Do n't waste your money on this one .
 I bought this to mist my hermit crab tank , and to use the wireless so as to make that easier . It has many light functions/colors , and 2 settings for the amount of fog . unit works fine , but the controller is n't very strong . can only go about 4 feet or so from the sensor and must be line of sight . If anything is in the way , it will not work . I give it 5 stars for the unit , which seems to be solidly built , and only one star for the horrible remote , thus the 3 stars . hope this helps people out : -RRB- Update , bottom fell off of the item :-LRB- contacting alpine for possible replacement . so now its one star .
 BUYER BEWARE !!! You only have 24 hours to contact the company for an exchange . This is stated on the box . Unfortunately , the umbrella was delivered to my work address which was probably my oversight when ordering . Nevertheless , I did not receive the umbrella until a week after delivery . All would have been fine except for two important reasons . First , I ordered hunter green because it was the only color offered and I was sent RED !!! If I wanted red I would have ordered red . Second , this is the flimsiest piece of junk I have ever seen . The pole bends and sways in the slightest breeze , but you get what you pay for . I am being generous by giving this product and it 's supplier one star , but zero stars is unfortunately not an option . Will give this piece of garbage to my husband to take fishing and will purchase another umbrella from a brick-and-mortar store where I can see what I 'm buying .
 The quality of this umbrella itself seemed fine , but the button controlling the tilt was broken . Once pressed , it would not pop back into place , meaning the umbrella would no longer stay upright . We returned for a refund .
 When I purchased this umbrella last summer I really liked it until halfway thru the summer the edges started fraying on 4 different edges . I notifed the company and they replaced it with no problem . Another thing I do n't like about this umbrella is that it is very faded from last summer . The inside is nice and rich green and the outside is pale green ! This will be the last summer for it but then I have the new one which I 'll use next summer . Other than those 2 things , it works very well .
 This umbrella is not sturdy . When a breeze -LRB- light -RRB- comes up the umbrella moves at every joint and feals like it will fall apart at any moment . Do not expect it to last more than one season . I got what I paid for . Cheap .
 Bought this to replace a Hayward Navigator . Thus far , it works well . One problem , it gets stuck on the pool drain . I just ordered a drain cover from Polaris to resolve this problem . I 'm a little ticked that I had to spend another 60 bucks for the drain cover , since , from what I 've been reading on the web , this is a very common problem with this cleaner . My Navigator did not have this problem.UPDATE
 I have had these steps in the pool for about a week . Inspite of following manufactures installation instructions , the steps still float . My liner is leaking and algae is forming under and around these steps no matter how I treat the water and scrub . Also , if you use an automatic pool cleaner such as Kreepy Krauly , it will not work properly unless you stay at the pool and everytime it tries to go around the steps manualy move it away from the steps or it gets stuck . The steps are bolted to the deck and not made to remove everytime you want to clean . As far as entry into the pool , the steps are great . But definetly not worth the problems they cause . Think carefully before you purchase . I paid $ 380 and am trying to work out a deal with where I bought them to return them . I would just about as soon take a big loss . I 'm also going to have to replace my new liner if I ca n't find where it is leaking . And yes , I do have the pad under the steps .
 As far as entering and exiting the pool , these steps are great but they are a major pain otherwise . They float around no matter how much weight are put in them AND the algae grows inside , underneath , and around them no matter how clean you keep your pool . We also had to replace our liner after they scraped a hole in our liner leaking 30,000 gallons of water overnite ! They are also fairly expensive . I continue to search for another step instead of the ladder that came with the pool ...
 I loved this and ordered it as a gift for my husband . When we started to assemble the firepit we noticed the packaging was n't all that great . Last , we opened up the granite slabs that go around the edges . Every single piece of granite was BROKEN ! What a shame . We were so disappointed . Had I noticed that this was going to be shipped from Target , I would have just gone to the store and got it . After getting quite the run around from Amazon and Target , Amazon finally agreed to accept the firepit as a return . At first , they wanted us to pay to ship the 60 lb box back to them , but eventually agreed to pay for shipping . Once they agreed to that , they made the process very easy actually . I was happy with that part of the transaction . My money was refunded the next day . I love the look of this , and was n't able to find it in any store , so we had to get a round one . If you do go with this one , good luck getting them to take it back if anything is wrong with it .
 We received this item as a holiday gift and the granite sections were broke . I called amazon , and they said too bad , I could return the whole thing for a gift certificate . Since it weighed 70 lbs and the packaging was destroyed unpaking it , we are stuck . The pieces could not be replaced . bummer .
 Ok so the fire pit itself might be great but we have yet to use it . When we opened the package it was completely broken . Almost all the parts were chipped and halved . The real problem I have with this is the supplier and amazon . We have not been able to find a way to return the items and exchange for something not broken . This is a real hassle . Although the product itself might be great it would be better if the packaging was of a higher standard
 This floating light does not illuminate much area in a pool . Perhaps in a small pool it does better . After trying it , I was ready to toss it - but instead gave it to my son for his room .
 This product might be OK for very small `` portable '' pools or maybe a jacuzzi when it 's dark , but in a large pool or inground pool forget it . The light does n't hit the bottom in anything greater than three feet deep -LRB- and yes the water is clear -RRB- . Just looks like a floating lantern.Pool filters tend to have these devices `` congregating '' in one area of the pool , so tethering them somewhere would be more adviseable.I will say -LRB- as someone else mentioned -RRB- these devices worked much better indoors in a kid 's room at night . They had much more fun with it there.Have tried these over the course of many nights during the summer months to try and make it work . Just not what I envisioned .
 I just received this is in the mail and I could n't believe how bad this thing is . I should n't mention using this in pools because it does not work . It could work in a hot tub but that 's about it . I bought it because I have a much bigger one I had found in a local pool supply store . Thinking they were the same brand , I went and ordered this one . It 's tiny !!! It was almost humorous when I put next to the other one I have . Do not buy this product .
 We used it in our hottub for about 5 mins and it acted funny . . first it died and then when I put the batteries back in -LRB- in a dry serounding -RRB- it wouldnt shut off and only in one setting ... Then after 24hrs it dried out and worked fine again . Then I figured out that the little seal around the on of button was n't all the way connected ... I 'll fix it but this is always happening to something that is made in China ... very cheaply made
 This thing is just murderous on your back . Straps are narrow , cheap and uncomforable . Pump handle is balky and stubborn . I use a mix that requires use within a six hour window , which means I need to use up everything in it . Usually takes about an hour of pain to empty this thing , so I 'm upgrading to what I hope will be a professional model with better straps and weight distribution .
 This thing broke after one season 's very light use -LRB- like 3 times -RRB- . The plastic ring comes off the pump section and the pump comes out and the plunger then gets jammed and damaged . I have to contact the manufacturer and see if I can get replacement parts . I am sure it is now out of warranty .
 Purchased this for my small lawn business . I 've had nothing but problems after owning for 1 year . The gas cap leaks , the end of the blower tube constantly falls off , it takes forever to get started , runs very weak for its supposed hp rating ... . I could go on ... Stay away from this blower !
 This is a squirt gun , there is no spray . It 's not all purpose , though it is stated in the description .
 The write-up for this product says that it is for burrowing rodents and covers an area of about 2,500 sq. ft. so I bought one as a gift for friends in Pennsylvania having problems with a groundhog in their yard . They installed it at the entryway to the burrow along with mothballs and dirt to cover the entry . After just three days , guess what happened ? The groundhog actually moved the repeller about a foot away from his burrow 's entrance , spewed the mothballs around and moved the dirt away . The groundhog is now happily going about his life as usual with the repeller beeping incessantly a foot from his burrow 's entry . Perhaps this groundhog has hearing problems ? Perhaps this repeller does n't work for this particular species of burrowing rodent ? In any case , it was very disappointing that this product did not work as its write-up indicates ... but we all had a good laugh anyway !
 I bought both this as well as a Lentek model . I figured I 'd test which was better . Neither work . The gophers ate two 4 foot high hollyhocks less than 18 inches away from the noisemakers . I 'd say that pretty much says it all . I 'm looking into castor oil and castor seeds now . If those do n't woerk , it 's back to poison .
 This doesnt work . We had it for 2 weeks and the mole still came back . It also makes a VERY irritating noise . I would never recommend this to anyone . Worthless noisemaker !
 The spool is the wrong part ... I wanted a replacement spool for a weed eater xr70 ... and I recieved a spool for a different model the spool pictured on the web page clearly showed the xr70 on the package ... how can I get the propper spool ?
 Your ad gets zero star rating . You give no information as to the the length of the edging . The 7 x 3 number to me states that the logs are 3 '' dia x 7 '' long . Is the price for one log , 10 logs -LRB- which would then be 30 '' length -RRB- , etc. . How does one calculate how many sections one needs to purchase ? 7x3Cedar RND Log Edging
 I bought this for `` 1 '' party . I knew we were going to have rain and I thought it would be great . I live in Delaware and it was for an April event . So yes , rain did come , along with winds up to 30 miles an hour . The tent came down , we secured it up , once it could n't pull up it twisted like a pretzel , velcro ripped , bars bent . It was really nice looking when we put it up , just make sure if you are getting it , it 's not going to be really windy at ANY point , as it would be fine and then a gust would come and it 's over . The next day half of it looked normal , the other half looked like a tornado came through .
 I asked if this was an EZ Up canopy this is how it 's listed let me tell you it is n't it took 8 guys to get it up , made of very poor material the frams is plastic not aluminum and most poles do n't lock at all once up the wid lift it up just like a huge kite even with cinder blocks holding it down on all sides . terrible do n't buy fast shipping great price but you get what you pay for just buy the real EZ Up tent my girl Scout troop endded up selling cookies in the beating sun with no shade dealing with this mess wasted our hard earned cookie money . Bad decision pass on this one : -LRB-
 The slightest breeze will blow this over , bend the tubes and ruin the day , but its CHEAP !
 very unhappy . i returned the item same day and ask for refund and guess WHAT yes i got the money back BUT WITH A BIG DIRECENCE . THEY KEEP A LOT OF MY MONEY FOR SOMETHING I DIDNT USE . I HATE IT .
 Upon receiving the Party Tent , I immediately noticed that the item had been re-packaged as the box was somewhat damaged and had been re-taped . After unpacking the components , I discovered that several of the parts -LRB- poles -RRB- were missing and that the item had noticeably been used before , carefully re-packaged and obviously returned at some point . I am very displeased with this purchase and would not recommend buying from this seller . The seller 's return policy is a JOKE ! If you can return something you purchased from the seller , YOU have to pay to return it and -LRB- on this item in particular -RRB- they charge a 25 % re-stocking fee ! That 's no return policy!I 've learned now to READ the product reviews before buying anything .
 Total ripe off ... their great canopies for the 1st use but once you try to use them time after time the frames just completely come apart . When calling back the manufacturer they are not willing to exchange nor refund any of your money back it was just a total waste of our money ; which , was quite a bit since we brought 6 canopies .
 The canopy did not fit over the poles , so in forcing the canopy , of course the corners ripped . The center pole broke so we had to use a piece of wood duck taped to the pole to hold the tent up . We purchased 2 of these tents and they are both poor quality . I would not purchase this tent again .
 BIG MISTAKE ... the price is cheap -LRB- and free shipping too -RRB- , but still not good . Too flimsy and lightweight . I wanted to return it , but , the cost of return shipping AND 25 % RESTOCKING fee makes it CHEAPER TO KEEP HER!Michele / So Jersey .
 Shipping was great . Product is junk . The directions are vague . After a few hours of the tent being up the poles collapsed and bent . The return process is great as this is the first product I 've ever returned through amazon . So stay away from this product if you 're looking for quality .
 We received the tent before its expected arrival ! Thank you ! When putting it together there were only instructions for the metal poles . The cord to stake it down with was not long enough so all of the lips ripped off . The stakes were just little metal smooth bars . We had to purchase our own string and our own stakes .
 Did n't even last a week . We tied out down really good and it still broke the poles in half . The poles are very weak .
 Purchased this tent gazebo and most of the zippers did n't work and the tent although the poles have clamps it would fall apart and poles would nearly fall on people sitting under tent from the middle top of tent . Very dissatisfied with return policy because you only have 15 days to return and not a tent that your just going to fully put together until needed and did n't know it would fall apart . 7 days to late !
 My wife and I attempted to erect this canopy with poor results . The poles are made of light gauge metal and the canopy material is inferior . After erecting the frame , we were discovered that the canopy did not even fit over the frame . We paid about $ 70 just for shipping on this product and would have to pay another $ 70 to return it , if they would take it back . Stay away from this company .
 We did n't even get this up 5 minutes and a SLIGHT ... and I mean SLIGHT wind blew and broke about 5 velcro strips . I wish I had read the first review before we bought this . We live in Mexico and so bought it and had a friend who was coming bring it to us . So ... we 're out the 100 bucks -LRB- cost plus shipping . -RRB- What a bummer ... I 'm so disappointed and do n't know how the owners of the company sleep at night knowing they sell junk!Take our advise ... do n't buy this item !
 This canopy is one of the weakest I every put together . While putting it up I was hoping a wind did not come because the light gauge tubing would have easily bent \ or the plastic connectors would crack . I reenforced the rope and spikes and still did not have the confidence it would not blow away . There was also slight tear in the seam . Good look tracking down the Confidence company -LRB- Should be Lack of Confidence -RRB- . Golf Outlets of America never responsed to any emails for help either . Next time I will spend the extra money for better quality .
 When the box was delivered at my front door both ends were broke open . Therefore when it was time to assemble I believe parts were missing . There were no directions on assembly . Numbers on poles skipped in sequence . We have still not been able to assemble this tent.This is what we recieved : Poles numbered : # 1 = 4 poles # 2 = 8 poles # 3 = 12 poles # 4 = 2 poles # 5 = 6 poles # 6 = 6 poles # 7 = 2 poles # 10 = 1 pole # 14 = 4 polesThis was a total of two bags of poles . -LRB- think we are missing a bag -RRB- We recieved 3 bundles of tarp.The item number on the box was SP-10 3x6M WhiteVery dissapointed and will return , if not to constly to return.I will never order something like this online again .
 I purchased two of these tents for my tent rental business . I figured for the price I 'd try it out . I set one of them up and was very disappointed . The poles connected very poorly together and most will pull out of the plastic fittings . Plastic fittings . You read that right . I had to duct tape the poles together just to keep them from pulling apart . Three pole segments connected together equaled about a 3 '' sag in the middle of a 10 ' run . The description states heavy duty powder coated poles but they are ANYTHING but that . If you accidentally step on one on the ground you crush it . The tent is a toy . Wait till you see the stakes and rope they send with it to tie it down . Dental floss and 6 finish nails bent over on a 90 . Pathetic . Luckily I was able to sell the unopened one locally at a slight loss . I simply could n't rent these out to anyone . They WILL collapse , probably even if a bird lands on it . For comparison I pushed on the tent once set up with my pinky and sadly it swayed liked sheets in the wind . Unless you plan on using this tent on a VERY calm day and only expect one use out of it do n't pull the trigger . Buyer beware !
 Apparently the very last line of the product description is one that should be listed first -- all sales final.When this tent arrived , it was the poorest quality and most flimsy tent I have ever seen . Even when wanting to return it for a better model , I 'm stuck with it.BUYER BEWARE ON THIS ITEM!If only I had read the last line of the description and the bad product reviews , I would not be out money on this . I certainly wo n't order another product through this manufacturer , either !
 Do not waste your money purchasing this tent . Is is cheap and not worth the money spent . It was put up and 15 minutes later it was down on the ground all bent up . I threw it in the trash .
 When I say DO NOT buy from this company I mean DO NOT buy from them ! Believe all the bad reviews . I was very undecided on buying after reading the bad reviews but , read good ones . I went ahead and bought one . Did n't even get the tent up and it started breaking . The legs are so tight you ca n't pull them up . If this is an ezup ... idk ??? I have a different ezup and have no problems with it . And ALL SALES ARE FINAL ! All they are wanting to do for me is send me new parts . So , I have no idea how many to tell them because other than the ones that are already broke , the others are on the verge of breaking . And I ca n't even get the legs to go up . I would need a muscle man to do it ! I would NEVER recommend this company . So , they got $ 145 and I 'm out a tent for my wedding .
 We purchased 3 tents from this company and they were so cheaply made !! Could of got a better tarp from the dollar store !!! We set the tents up on saturday the MORNING of my WEDDING !! And while we were putting them up i cant tell you how many times they ripped !! And one SMALL wind came and they completely collapsed !!! Ruined my wedding plans the DAY OF ! Please do not wast your money on these !!!!!
 HORRIBLE waste of money . No instructions came with it and zero response from the company when I emailed asking for some . Took SIX hours to figure out and erect then my cats sneezed on it and it crumbled . No way to send it back . Stay away from this product !
 Sad to say that we have had many of the same problems others have complained about . It took five of us to put up the canopy . The polls kept coming apart . We finally took duct tape and taped the joints together . When wind blew it almost carried it away . We should have read the other reviews before purchasing this item .
 I 'm not impress with this Tent . It is not structured properly . My new Tent is all torn up . The velcro fasteners are tearing off easily and the steel frames are too small for the size of that Tent . I used it one time and the wind break off some of the frames . It is of no use now . I need something in replacement for the money I spent on it . My family is upset . Amazon please notify me urgently . Tullis
 I thought this was going to be a gazebo that could go up quickly and easily . It was not what I thought I was getting . In the heavy winds that we get , it can not be taken down quickly enough to protect it . It was not the company 's fault , it was mine for not reading more carefully what I was buying .
 This ten is made of plastic and very thin metal that fall apart very easily . It the cheapest material you can use for product that I 've seen . It may last you a day or so , then it 's down hill from there . I recommend do not by this product get a pop-up canopy they are much more secure ...
 These plant supports were not strong enough to support my plant , they just bent over with the plant .
 We bought this to replace a 1960 's Hibachi . It is , after 2 uses , unuseable . It is cheaply & poorly made ; grates slant the wrong way and soon broke . Would definitely not stand up to being transported . So spend the extra money and gp for a Lodge ; this is pseudo cast iron .
 I was looking for an old style cast iron Hibachi , like from the 70 's . Saw this one and decided to try it . Came quickly , no damage . Assembly was easy . Ok , here is what i did n't like . The cast iron grates had some kind of black colored substance on them , something like shoe polish ! . It made them look good out of the box , but was really hard to clean off . I kept finding black residue after washing them several times . I finally stopped using the grill and am looking for another one .
 I will have to call customer support agan ... hoping to get parts that match . Instruction are easy to follow , but parts do not line up . Holes do not line up for the grilling plates which causes one grill plate to be on a 15 % angle . Only way I can see to correct the problem would be to drill new holes then grind down one side to make fit . I 'm going to try customer support again for replacement parts ... if that does n't work I 'm shipping back . I purchased this as a gift , and now I 'm in the middle trying to get this problem resolved .
 One corner of the grill was broken off when we took the grill out of the box ! I would n't have thought cast iron could be easily broken like that . We 're going to get a replacement and hopefuly that one was just a one time one of those things defect . So one star for now .
 It is NOT cast iron . It is pot metal . Pot metal is brittle and fractures easily . It is not something you should make a hibachi out of . Worse yet , the design looks nice but places great stress on the metal , in all the wrong places , thus all but guaranteeing failure . Well , I guess you can tell that I 'm an engineer . Anyway , the thing broke the first time I tried to use it . I 'm not sure what else is out there but how cheap is cheap if what you get is useless ? Hey , d'ya suppose it mighta been made in China ? Amazon , you should not sell this product .
 My girlfriend found this thing in the bargain bin at a local store for 5 dollars and bought one . Assembly was a nightmare and it just feels cheap . Rusted after the first use . I was looking for a replacement on Amazon when i saw this and had to comment . Stay away from this unless it is for maybe a single use .
 Pieces do not fit together . Handle burned after 3 uses.Amazon was very late with delivery and has not returned any of the $ 100 delivery charge.Filed a complaint with Amazon but no reply.I will definitely not use Amazon again !
 I 'm one of the many , many , MANY people who got a defective unit . I sincerely implore anyone who reads this comment to NOT risk the purchase of this item because you are likely to receive a defective unit.This product was sold by Amazon and I therefore have no choice but to roll over and accept defeat .
 The picture of the grill make is look like is is similar to the ones from the 70 's with a grill bed of at least 4-5 inches . This one is only like 2 inches , and does not hold enough charcoal . The cost of shipping back and paying the initial shipping makes it not worth returning . Total flop . I have learned do not shop on line to deceptive .
 Ordered one of these last summer . I had to file down the grill plates with a metal file to get them to fit the racks . I filed them ALOT to make them fit . One of the rack handles was broken in half . I called Kay home products . The woman said she would get a new handle right out to me . 3 weeks later I called to ask where the replacement handle was . I got the `` check 's in the mail '' runaround but I could tell the one woman customer service department just forgot to mail the part . It arrived a week after my second phone call . I would not fool with all this again .
 after assembling the grill one of the movable racks did not sit even , tilted to one side , it is okay for a few small items only
 This hibachi is a piece of junk . It stinks , literally . It was made in china and god knows what they coated this thing with . I made chicken breasts the first time with it and the chicken was full of black paint or whatever was on the grates . I ate a piece and did n't die or get sick yet , but it was bad looking . I sanded the grates to remove the black crap , but who knows what 's under that . I may throw this thing out . I 'm very disappointed in the quality or lack of . I would n't ever buy another . Be warned . Stay away from this one .
 Unit arrived with incorrectly drilled holes for vent on one side . I had to redrill only to find that there is insufficient air space between coal grate and base of grill to provide enough updraft to ignite coals . Would not buy another .
 Assembly was simple , but the grates did n't line up . During the first use , one grate cracked from the heat of the charcoal , and it was n't even in the low position ! Do n't waste your money on this !
 I have always used Hibachis - they are perfect for a single person or a couple . I bought this one , and it is my third one over a period of 28 years . As the years pass , the Hibachis get worse . This one is very typical of what China is producing for mass export and income in the cottage industry . I am guessing that it was made from cast parts from one small factory , stamped parts from another , and the nuts and bolts from another , and then packaged by an exporter.First off , the seller , Geroy 's Do It Best Hardware , did their part perfectly - priced well , shipped fast , product packaged well for shipping , and complete . I have no complaints to them , and they did a great job.Assembly and instructions were easy and no problem . Every thing fit together pretty well with the exception that one of the stamped pieces for the vents had a screw hole too low , but it still fit , though the vent is a little askew.Now the problems
 I bought this grill in hopes it would do me on my small grilling a few pieces of thin cut Korean style meat . I will have to do some grinding of the parts like the slots for the grill height or the grill rack itself . It is a shame that quality is tossed out the window to have things produced out side the US like China . I see this in many Items not just this product . I will do some grinding and it will work when I get finished . I will burn and oil the grills once I have them ground to fit correct . It is a shame that too many Items like this come from China .
 I bought this grill for my husband for Father 's Day . He kept it on the back porch covered with a grill cover . It 's not even Thanksgiving and one of the grill handles fell off . The other area of concern is that the available grilling space is much smaller than the surface area of the grill . -LRB- The picture makes the available grilling area look much larger than it really is . -RRB- Another issue is that the grills do not sit evenly on the back support . I am getting him a Lodge for Christmas . I wish I had n't wasted my money .
 We used this grill twice . The wooden handle fell off one of the movable grates and worse , the corners split up the sides.We would not recommend this grill to anyone .
 The right grill piece did n't fit well in the brackets unless we put it in the top setting . Otherwise it leaned almost to the point of worrying the food will roll off!The 2nd time we used it , the wooden handle broke on the right grill . It 's unfortunate because otherwise it seemed like a pretty well made item .
 This was absolutely the worst thing we have ever gotten through Amazon . The casting was so bad , there was a quarter-sized hole through the bottom corner and the whole thing was full of deep pits . The grills were either cracked badly or broken through completely . I only marked a star because I could n't post otherwise . It should have minus stars . Do n't buy this item !
 OK , so it 's less then $ 30 bucks . But for a little ingenuity -LRB- granted you will loose portability -RRB- and a grill grate from a home improvement store , you will have a much better solution for grilling . This item is a cheap manufactured in China thin cast iron product that is painted black to make it look passable . It smelled toxic when I made my first charcoal fire and the right grate cracked during the heat from fire # 1 . The grilling grates do not line up flat with the charcoal area so even heat will be a problem . Once it breaks in , I am hoping it will be passable for small grilling jobs . If it lasts three years it will save it 's cost in the savings from wasting charcoal in a a larger grill . But if you are quality conscious , buy a better product or a LODGE . I know I wish I had .
 I looked high and low for an old fashioned hibachi at retail stores . No luck . Then I went to Amazon and was pleased to find just what I wanted at a reasonable price . The goods arrived and the hibachi was n't all that complicated to assemble . But I immediately noticed that the removeable cast iron grates are of dubious quality . And , sure enough , when I used this item for the first time one of the grates developed a split . The second one split on the third use so color me less than impressed .
 the hibachi left side support bracket snapped off last night . imagine , a cast iron bracket snapping in two with no pressure on it . I was fortunate not to have a hot item on it at the time or I may have suffered serious burn injuries .
 There was a strong plastic smell the first time I used the hibachi . I did a thorough cleaning before I lit the coals but that did n't seem to help . They also use cheap hardware to attach the parts together . I wo n't use the grill again .
 This is definitely not great quality like to grills that were sold during the early 80 's . Lighter cast , grills do not fit well into holders and is too shallow to hold heat properly.Not what I was expecting .
 Upon opening the box for my new hibachi , I was extremely disappointed to find that the bracket that supports one of the grills was broken in half . Why ? Because the cast iron is extremely thin and the workmanship -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- is of the poorest quality.I should have bought a Lodge hibachi . I can trust that their cast iron products are n't 1/8 '' thick , not to mention Lodge actually manufactures their products in the USA .
 Do not buy this ! Out of the box assembled one of the grills hung at an angle , -LRB- that makes it hard for even cooking -RRB- After 3 uses -LRB- 2 weeks -RRB- completely rusty ! This is a cheap piece of junk ... AVOID !
 This product had two redeeming features
 I just assembled my new Marsh Allen 30052 Hibachi . All the parts were there and assembled very easily . However the racks are not even . The right rack looks like they ground off to much of the casting causing it not to lock in correctly and sag .
 Received this as a birthday gift . Was extremely excited when I opened the package . That quickly turned to extreme disappointment upon trying to assemble the grill . All the parts were there and it seemed to be of good quality . However , there are 4 legs and clearly there were only 3 sets of holes drilled in the bowl . Who wants a 3 legged Hibachi ? Perhaps the workers at the Chinese factory ca n't count . So this means I 'm either stuck trying to use a lop-sided grill or will have to find a machine shop -LRB- and pay extra for this -RRB- to drill the 4th set of holes so I can put the last leg on . This is the first time I have ever purchased or received anything from Amazon.com that I was disappointed in . And I 've bought a lot of stuff in the last 6 years . My poor sis felt terrible about gifting something defective ; too much trouble to try to return this pig .
 Poorly made , parts did not fit together and metal of grill made it impossible to bend and fit to screw together . . and cooking grills fit into angled slots at severeangle and made cooking area too steep to put food on . Return too difficult in our situation , going to absorb mistake .
 This thing broke the first time i used on the first camp trip of the year . A giant crack split down the side making it dangerous to use . We have to stop getting things made in China . The quality is simply too poor .
 i used the grill for the first time and the grate holder cracked food fell to floor I would not recommend this cheaply made grill made in china
 Both of my cooking grills have cracked!Not good ... Please contact me and send new please . My grill is 2 months old , stored indoors and maybe used 20 Times.HELP !
 Packaged with four left legs -LRB- requires two left , two right -RRB- One briquette grate is smaller than the other and falls to bottom as a result.Had to drill / elongate hole to install grate support bracketPaint on handles started to run when I handled them with wet hands . I tried to rinse off the remaining paint or ink under running water so that it will not continue to bleed off . What paint do you know of that rinses off under plain water?Right cast iron grate cracked when it came in contact with heat.The design and construction of this product shows clear disregard for the consumer and is absolutely unacceptable at any price . I have to question at this point weather or not the paint used on the grill and grates is toxic or lead based . I 've come across my share of junk but this is really bad !
 If you are considering purchasing this hibachi , DO N'T ! It is shoddy and the `` cast iron '' it is supposedly constructed of is really what is known in the trade as `` pig iron '' . Extremely brittle , and becomes more so as you subject it to heat . One of the grill brackets broke when I set the grill into it for the first time after putting it together . It is actually spray painted black to give the appearance of real cast iron but is actually so full of alloys and contaminants it is really the color of aluminum . Do you wonder why it is so cheap to purchase ??? If you really feel like literally throwing away you money , do buy this item . A much better product is the LODGE hibachi ... YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR .
 This hibachi is very flimsy and tacky . The second time we used it it got a big crack in the bottom , just from the heat of the thing . I know it is inexpensive , but I am sure there are others options for just a bit more .
 mine came in good time . assembly was easy ... . washed it before use ... fired it up , it stunk , putrid smell ... like some chemical burning ... tried it anyway and black paint or dye or whatever came off grates and covered the chicken with black oily residue ... I actually took a piece of chicken and rubbed it back and forth on the grate and the piece got blacker and blacker and the grate got more of a silver color ... threw the food away ... maybe the grill will go next ... this after I scrubbed the grates before use ... At first glance it looks good , if you buy this I suggest you clean it over and over till no more black whatever they used to coat it is gone ... I read one other simmlar report about dye ir ink , I , m surprised there were not more ...
 This item was made in China and it shows . We could not find a Hibachi locally and we wanted a cast iron one . We bought this one and the 15 minute assembly took over 3 hours . None of the bolt holes aligned . We had to drill new ones . Then when we got them aligned , the grates would not set level over the grill . We probably used over $ 20.00 in stainless steel hardware to get this grill assembled correctly . Why did n't we return it for another one ? Made in China - and it would probably be exactly the same .
 One of the grill supports does not hold one of the grills evenly with the other grill .
 This habachi is not like the ones they used to make . It 's too shallow and does n't allow for a real hot charcoal base . Ca n't make a true char-rare steak . Not worth the effort to use over my gas grill .
 I bought this on Ebay from a seller who sells the Kay Home Products Marsh Allen Cast Iron Hibachi Grill/30052 brand new in the box , made in China . Upon putting the grill together I noticed one of the grill supports -LRB- part F on the manual -RRB- that holds the grid was cracked . The supports also did not hold the grid in place very well , because the iron is coarse.The Iron appears brittle as well.But I still wanted to give it a try.I called the company , Kay Home Products -LRB- 1-800-635-3831 Antioch , Illinois -RRB- to see if I could get a replacement part and at least give the grill a try . They asked for me to email a receipt . I emailed them the Ebay transaction/etc and the listings showing these grills were brand new , in the box.They told me I would have to pay for their part plus $ 12 shipping because Ebay was not a `` bonafide '' seller.You would think a company that produces a brand new item that is faulty straight out of the box would stand behind their products no matter who the seller is.I would not waste your time looking at this grill , these grills are cheaply made in China out of cheap pig iron , Spend the little extra money on a Hibachi that is better made and has a company that stands behind what they sell.Shame on you Kay Home Products .
 What can I say ... it 's another item that has to be assembled . I was so excitd to receive it and extremely disappointed to open the box to more screws and pieces than I ever imagined . I 'm a widow who wanted to BBQ . If I wanted to assemble something , I 'd have taken a class .
 I just installed four of these pads in my home and in 24 hours they have caught one of the dozens of aphids I see flying around my kitchen and living room . I see aphids flying and landing all around them some within less than an inch but nothing seems to be attracting them to the pad . Without this element I feel I am just playing the waiting game hoping some day an aphid will randomly land on one of these pads otherwise I am out of luck .
 It did n't work at all for the stink bugs in my deck . Perhaps it is intended to attract other types of insects ; It does n't attract stink bugs .
 I just received these traps and am already disappointed . In order to set them up , you first have to peel them apart to expose the sticky sides . Then you have to hang them from the plant , or stake them . First problem
 I had a lot of aphids/whiteflies in my plants , but these papers didnt catch that many of them , it 's almost as if the bugs were too smart to go near the paper and get stuck . I did n't like the design of these , as I always ended up with a bunch of sticky goo on my hands while trying to position them .
 I would say the radius for reducing the white fly is about a foot . I stuck it behind my tomato plants and it reduced the white fly on that side , but the front of the plant was still infested .
 Following a rash of fungus gnats on my indoor plants , I have been trying a variety of approaches and products . Luckily , the annoying problem is now under control but I 'm vigilant in maintaining traps to ensure it remains that way . Among the products I purchased were these Yellow Sticky Aphid Whitefly Traps because they seemed like a good deal from a cost perspective but I will not be ordering them again . They are sticky but in a dripping , gooey sort of way that makes them very difficult to manipulate . The adhesive gets all over your hands and is difficult to remove fully with just soap and water . Plus it transfers to the water faucet , door handles , and anything you might touch . If you want to cut them , they can ruin the scissors . I tried disposable gloves but the product makes them too sticky to wear for setting multiple traps . I rated them a 2 rather than a 1 because they might work for someone who requires a large number of sizable traps in their garden . Personally , I will only continue purchasing the Safer Brand 5025 Houseplant Sticky Stake InsectTraps . They are very user friendly , can be cut to double the amount , are highly effective , and I do n't worry that if my pets get near they 'll create a mess wherever they walk . Worth the money .
 I bought this product because it was on sale and I thought I would give it a try -LRB- I normally use `` Spa System Flush '' made by Williams -RRB- . I used half a bottle which is about half of what they recommended . After 25 minutes or so I could see no change in the water and decided to use up some of Spa System Flush I had left over -LRB- about 1/3 bottle -RRB- . Within minutes a brown coagulating scum started forming on the surface , which is typical with this product . Did the Leisure Time work ? - I do n't know but there was no visible change . Does the Spa Flush work ? For all I know it was just mixing with the spa water I was about to drain but logically some of that was circulating through the pipes and jets so I believe it does do something.I am giving this 2 stars because I only used half the recommended amount so probably not fair to the manufacturer but the bottom line is that I will not be buying this product again and will stick with what I normally use .
 We purchased two torpedo pumps from cal pump . Both pumps went out within 6 months of use . Both pumps were sent back for repair . We received them back and put them to use . worked great for all of 2 months . now I am unable to get a response from cal-pump . seems they have moved from california . all email attempts have gone un-answered . do n't waste your money .
 The chairs are not very strong too much flexible ; so only kids could seat on them.I 'm not sure they could be enough strong for an adult.I was really desappointed if I kept them it was because it 's very difficult to send back !!! I 'll never buy again .
 This chair is not even worth $ 35 much less $ 352 . Got to be a joke or pricing error.Hey Amazon , try proofreading your ads !
 What 's up with the price on this ? I can pick it up for less than $ 8 at the dollar store ... hey buddy - fix your errors .
 $ 352 for one plastic chair is a bit expensive ! I noticed several pricing problems in the `` store '' which carries this brand of chair . If I knew who to call to report pricing errors I would , hence , this customer comment . I wanted to buy four , but not at this PRICE !
 Like everyone else , I noticed that the price was too high . Plus , there 's the matter of almost $ 150 for shipping ! What is n't mentioned here , but is mentioned for the same chair in white , is that these things only come in packs of 44 . That 's a little more than $ 10 per chair , but the price is still too high ; you can buy these -LRB- or very similar -RRB- chairs for less than 10 bucks most anywhere , and you do n't have to have them shipped for $ 3.50 apiece !
 The diameter/size of this thermometer/hygrometer is ONLY THREE INCHES !!! The image shown above is actually LARGER than the item I received . I feel deceived.I purchased this item for use in a greenhouse , thinking that it would be around 12 '' like any other reasonable normal readable thermometer , but this is like a little toy.There is a reason the size is n't listed above , and that is because the actual size is smaller than the image shown , at least on my 24 '' monitor.Vendor should list the actual size in the product description , until then all others will be deceived.I paid $ 21 . xx -LRB- inc. shipping -RRB- for this little toy , think I will leave it here on my desktop to remind me of how things go sometimes . -LSB- edit after `` using '' for a few months -RSB- The thermometer never changes , at all . I left it outside overnight while it was 30deg and it still reads 72deg . Total waste of money , zero stars .
 This item plain does n't work . It reads 100 % humidity all the time . Temperature is off too . Science Kit -LRB- the seller -RRB- sent me a replacement , but that one had the same problem . Science Kit refunded me with no questions . They did n't even want me to send them back . I think they must have a lot of returns of this item .
 At first I assumed the drive belt was good and that I was having a problem elsewhere . Consequently , I went to a lot more work than I should have in troubleshooting a problem that was caused by a defective belt . The part no . was correct and was stamped on the belt , but the belt was too long . Once I ordered another belt , with the same part no . the problem was solved and my lawn tractor runs fine .
 On the first try I got zero growth from my seeds . After a month of waiting with no avail , I contacted No Thyme Productions and requested another packet of seeds to try again . A few days later I got it in the mail and tried once more , and so far I do have seedlings . I ca n't tell you about the plant itself and its flavor yet . I will get back on that soon when I have my first sip of tea made with the Lemon Balm .
 I ordered lemon balm for my Aerogarden -LRB- hydroponic systems -RRB- in June . I waited until November , then I call `` No Thyme Productions '' and told them this . They sent me a new packet . Again I tried to plant the seeds in my hydroponic system around December -LRB- I did n't plant them immediately as the Aerogarden was taken up by eggplant , which were delicious -RRB- . Again , they did n't sprout . Now I am wondering whether or not it is too late to complain again .
 This one is cheaply made and the wire handle bends at every swat . The plastic portion is warped as well . But for the price , it 's not worth returning . It does work , but for how long , I do n't know .
 Bought the 6000IG to power my fifth wheel . When it was delivered the battery was dead and wouldnt take a charge ... had to purchase a new one myself because kipor blammed the vender I bought it from , and the vender blammed kipor as it was kipor 's product ... I gave up and bought my own . Engine cranked when I put the knew battery in so not wanting to travel with a full tank of gasoline in my camper , off I went to go CAMPING . Once I got to the site and filled the tank , the engine fired right up , about a half hour later , the fuel shut off was dumping fuel inside the unit . I shut it down , packed it up and was without power the remainder of the week ... WHAT A NIGHTMARE ! Got back home tweeked a few things and everything thing seemed to be ok . The next time I needed the generator , I made sure it started before I left home , however , once again as soon as I got to my camp site , the generator would not start , another week without electric . ANOTHER NIGHTMARE !!! So now I am working with kipor to drop the nearly 300lb peice of junk off at a shop located over an hour away from home . In conclusion , I expected to have a unit comparable to the honda 6K generator , instead got one of China 's finest peices of junk ...
 I 'd give it less than one star if possible but I guess since it lasted 7 months 1 star will do . Warranty service is near impossible as every shop Kipor sent me to refused to work on it citing lack of parts and sloooow payment and in fact said they regretted even selling them . Finally found a shop willing to work on it , found out the inverter was bad as well as the valve cover . The real shocker came when I was told it 'd be many weeks before they could get parts to fix it since none were available in the U.S. . Had about 40 hours total on it before it went south . When it worked it did the job just fine but should last longer than 7 months and shops/parts should be available somewhere other than CHINA.Got a partial refund from the company I bought it from , at least they 're standing behind what they sold!Buying a Yamaha 6300 , lighter , quieter , more bells and whistles , less fuel usage and dependable and the biggie , if it happens to break there 's shops willing to fix it and parts that are available.DO NOT BUY THIS HEAP unless it 's not critical that it runs .
 We received our Kipor IG6000 6000 Watt Inverter Generatora week ago . My husband got it ready to start , wrong ! It would n't start the battery was DEAD . So he TRIED to charge it , but it would n't charge . Naturally , we are ready to use it , so we decide to PURCHASE a new batter , which cost $ 72 . Add that to the cost ! Well , we get it running , so off we are for a wonderful weekend , this is to run a large RV , Right ? Well , we have a great start , off goes our switch to over load , but the Generator is still running , how about that . This happened several time . We call the Kipor for assistance , but according to Number we Called -LRB-450-RRB-441-2707 , we were told that this was not a 6000 Watt Generator . Wow ! She said that Amazon was not correct on the ad . OMG ! NOT TRUE ! RIGHT ! Well , she did advice us to go to a Kipor rep. and they might be able to help . We are looking to travel , at least 4 hours to do this . Well , we are here with a unit that overloads , mind you 6000 Watt -LRB- as posted -RRB- and a Dead Battery , Oh ! we ca n't forget the tires that are falling apart ! I have learned an expensive lesson , which I am not giving up just yet . So if anyone knows where I might get some assistance with this problem , please help ! Hope this helps all who are planning to purchase this Kipor IG6000 6000 Watt Inverter Generator .
 purchased this product online to save 150.00 when the item arrived the battery was dead . no problem put it on charge and it will be ok . wrong battery would not take a charge . this item must have been sitting in a warehouse forever and no quality control was ever considered about looking into this . then after that problem was fixed the fuel filter on it kept clogging . there was setiment in the tank but the filter itself was just to fine for a fuel filter . after replacing the filter with a generic inline fuel filter and replacing the battery the genset itself worked good . take this revie for what its worth i will never order anything this big offline again i will pay the extra 150 to buy at a local dealer that way someone is close by to take care of the problems instead of having to do it myself .
 I imported the Kipor IG6000 to Dominica , as we are off grid . Paying for Duty and freight in addition to the cost . First problem - dead battery . Kipor said `` charge it overnight '' We live on an island - had to pay $ 100US for a battery charger . It has been charging for 2 nights , and not even a spark.Next problem . The spec for the Kipor very clearly says 240v - which we need . When the generator arrives , there is a huge socket for 240v which no plug will fit . After countless emails to Kipor and the RV company we got it from . We were told that we bought an American Spec generator , so they ca n't help . So we then have to spend $ 150US on a transformer , and we have to pay for an electrician to wire it to the generator . So I would NOT recommend this product at all . I am disgusted with the way I have been brushed off , and how the spec for the generator is wrong . I have no idea whether it is a good generator - because I have so much to do before I can actually get it going !
 PURCHASED KIPOR6000 USED LESS THAN TEN HOURS , WAS A BACKUP UNIT . WAS MANUFACTUERED IN 2006 . WHEN I GOT IT LAST FALL EVERYTHING WORKED GREAT , PUT IT AWAY FOR THE WINTER . SPRING STARTUP-RED OVERLOAD LITE BLINKING = NO AC ... HAD A HORRIBLE TIME GETTING HELP AND A DIAGNOSIS SO ON THE WEB I GO TO COMPILE INFO AND SERV/REPAIR MANUALS TO FIGURE THIS THING OUT . GOOD DIAGNOSIS MATERIALS . PROVED OUT THAT THE INVERTOR HAD FAILED SITTING OVER WINTER . A HUGE SOLID STATE $ 1,300 UNIT . WAS SHOCKED AT THE REPAIR COST AND THE FACT THAT NOW I FIND THAT THIS IS NOT UNCOMMON A FAILURE WITH THIS UNIT . POSSIBLY A COLD TEMP RELATED FAILURE?KIPOR WOULD DO NOTHING AS TO WARRANTY . -LSB- SECOND OWNWER THING -RSB- . THE NEW INVERTOR LOOKS LIKE A REDESIGN , SURE HOPE THIS AN UPDATE TO FIX THE PROBLEM . IF I HAD TO DO IT OVER KNOWING THE INVERTOR PROBLEM , NO WAY I WOULD BY THIS CHINA SPECIAL . WAS A POOR INVESTMENT FOR SURE . !!!! ENDED UP BEING A THROW AWAY UNIT ...
 dead battery , how 's that for a power outage problem with a no pull start option !
 sorry to report that this product needs help ... the buttons on the back are very inconvenient because they do not allow you to see the information on the front as you meander trying to reach the correct program ... one mistake and you start all over and there are times you are attempting to receive information and before you realize it you have touched a button that has put you into a different setting . also the anometer range is only 100 feet at best while the site states 300 feet ... regretfully it was returned ... amazon is really great in this respect .
 UPDATED REVIEW : Unit stopped receiving signals from both the ANEMOMETER and outdoor TEMP/HUMIDITY ; I would reset them and they would drop off again in a few days . As well weather radio stop functioning today . I no longer recommend this product to anyone . The unit worked OK for about 5 months then it just started flaking out . Sensors drop outs , screen glitches , and finally the weather radio just stopped working . It 's obvious from all of the reviews this is n't a quality unit .
 Do n't waste your money on this piece of junk . The base station will not stay connected with the sensors even though the thermo-hygrometer sensor is less than 5 feet away . Technical support is worthless . Their support consists of asking if you have changed the batteries . They finally sent a new base unit which worked for about 5 days before losing contact . The back light on the display is too bright to have in a room where you might want to sleep . The buttons for programing and changing the display screen are on the back and very hard to use since you ca n't see them and the display at the same time .
 I bought this system in Jan 2011 . It worked for the first few months but recently it has stopped providing rainfall info , wind speed and the outside themperature reading is suspicious . I 've changed batteries and find the manual next to useless.Other than that the screen looks impressive and the blinking lights are quite entertaining . For the money they charge , I 'd pass on this unit .
 on the site and out of the box , the product LOOKS good but when you start hooking it up you realize how bad the product operates . first thing I did not like is the manual says to wait for 6 minutes to start receiving signals from the sensors.Once the sensors finally start communicating the only sensor that is real time is the temperature . The rain and wind speed/direction is only an estimate of the last 10 minutes AT BEST , or day , week , month.second . the software did not work nor does the manual have any instruction on how to use the software . The only thing I could find on the internet about the software was a link to a site that had a third part software that costs $ 50 for the basic version that tells the temp on the computer or $ 200 for the pro version which displays all the Honeywell display readouts.DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF JUNK UNTIL HONEYWELL DOES SOMETHING TO FIX ITS PERFORMANCE OR LACK THERE OF .
 I bought this unit from another merchant back in 2009 as a Christmas gift for my parents for $ 199 -LRB- prices were higher then -RRB- and have had nothing but problems since day 1 . First a list of things that actually work correctly :1 -RRB- Barometer . Readings correlate pretty well with my analog barometer and the barometer on my watch .2 -RRB- Time , date , moon phase .3 -RRB- Wind direction .4 -RRB- Temperature and Humidity.And the things that do not work correctly :1 -RRB- Rain gauge . It is over .25 inches BELOW actual , as compared against an `` official '' glass tube rain gauge2 -RRB- Wind speed reported is drastically below actual values . Gust values are also lower .3 -RRB- Wind chill values are incorrectSo for my $ 199 I got the equivalent of a $ 20 atomic clock with temperature readings . I contacted customer support about these issues , they said the anemometer units can report wind speed lower than actual , and shipped me a replacement one , but there was no change in reported values . They claim the rain gauge can not be compared with glass tubes because one is analog and one is digital , but being off by a quarter of an inch !? Do yourself a favor and look at Oregon Scientific or LaCrosse or any other brand but this one . I wasted $ 199 , do n't waste your money !
 This is junk made in china!The Anemometer ca n't read wind speed above 10mph even when the wind is shaking the whole house . It tells me it 's raining when the sun is shining and tells me its sunny with its raining . It 's made of cheap plastic and the quality is 21st century Chinese . Is there anything made in the US any longer ?
 It is described as `` 5 B&W ; TV AM/FM/weather -LRB- 7-band -RRB- radio Fine tuning knob for weather band Double fluorescent bulb light Bright-beam flashlight Mosquito repeller Emergency siren Splashproof Includes AC & car adapters Requires 9 C batteries . '' `` Mosquito repeller '' ? Not sure how that one got thrown into the description . Never saw a mosquito repeller on it . I would have been happy if , out of all those things on that list , it had just tried to do ONE thing well ! Like be a good lantern.Clearly the B&W ; TV wo n't work anymore . But even when the TV would work , the thing just was n't a good idea , because it 's trying to do too much and the lights are positioned poorly . It uses unpopular and harder to find C batteries.The lights are positioned with one in front and one cockeyed off to the rear / side . The rear light is lopsided and not nearly as nice as the light I ended up using the most frequently of all the emergency lanterns I have tried , theeGear 10-DAY Lantern , Silver . The lights could not , pardon the pun , hold a candle to that light . They are not as bright , will not last as long , and are not positioned as conveniently.Very happy with theeGear 10-DAY Lantern , Silver !
 We got this grill as a gift and were thrilled considering Weber is supposed to be the best . Within a few short months it quit lighting . The starter was very unreliable . We tried everything but eventually exchanged it for a new one . We figured since Weber is such a reliable brand , it must have just been a rare dud . However , a few months later and here we are again with a non-working grill . The starter lights the grill on occasion , but only about 20 % of the time no matter how many times you try it . You just have to hope it will light so you can cook your food . We 've had to resort to lighting it with a match , which needless to say , is a very dangerous task . We have checked over everything , put a new battery in the starter , looked over all the connections , but to no avail . We 're returning this grill again and are absolutely not buying the same one . I 've never been so disappointed with a product that was costly and supposed to be reliable . So we 've gone through not one , but TWO of these grills in the last year and a half . I would not recommend buying this item .
 This base was too light weight for my 9 ` umbrella . Sent it back.purchased a 65 pound weight base that will hold a 9 ` umbrella .
 Poor quality , filled with sand , water no matter what I used it was not heavy enough to hold umbrella . I would not recommend .
 As per the title above , I must tell you fellow Amazonites that these umbrella '' bases '' are UTTER garbage . They might , absent the lightest of BREATHS of air , hold -LRB- up -RRB- the umbrella in your tiki-house cocktail . That 's about it . Oh , AND a standard , that 's STANDARD ? size umbrella pole does n't fit into them !! Unbelievable .
 YEAH RIGHT ... SOUNDS LIKE A GREAT PRICE UNTIL YOU GET IT IN YOUR CART AND FIND OUT THE SHIPPING CHARGE FOR THIS LITTLE ITEM IS JUST UNDER $ 25.00 ! LOL . . BEWARE ... KMART HAS A GREAT ONE FOR $ 14.99 WITH AROUND $ 4.00 SHIPPING ... MUCH BETTER IN THE END .
 Cheap plastic umbrella holder , filled it with water , installed umbrella , tightened it against the pole , then two days later the wind yanked the umbrella out of the stand and broke the umbrellaI guess you get what you pay for , and this was quickly thrown in the trash
 This product might do okay as a base below a table , but we had purchased it so that we could have a freestanding umbrella beside our inground pool . Fifteen minutes later , the first strong breeze of the day caused the plastic sleeve holding the umbrella to kink and fail - permanently compromised.We returned it to the hardware store we bought it from and paid an additional $ 14 for a more substantial -LRB- and more attractive -RRB- metal decorative stand , which has held up to all kinds of wind since then.I do suspect that this could be used with a table above it , so that the base is n't responsible to handle all of the wind 's load , but that was n't what we were hoping for .
 I have not been able to get my umbrella to stand up in this base . I have used water , sand , and mud ! It still bends at the neck and falls over . Contacted the company , and they were glad to send me another one , but it did the same thing . Maybe my umbrella is to big , weight wise , I do n't know , but did n't have any luck .
 We tried filling them with water at first that did n't work very well . So then we filled them with sand . That was a little better but the bases were n't heavy enough to hold the umbrellas upright in a steady breeze . We ended up getting rid of all of them and replacing them with preformed concrete bases . Those worked very well .
 Definitely not worth the money , it will not hold the umbrella up unless it is in a table . Not meant to hold an umbrella without a table for support . This is the first time I have been disappointed with anything I ordered off of amazon.com .
 This is a horrible stand and not a good deal at all . I hated it from the time I unpacked it and thought about sending it back right away . This stand and the base is way too small !!!!!! I doesn not hold anything except maybe a tiny child umbrella . I just looked outside and the stand was still `` standing '' but the umbrella is laying on the floor - so the plastic totally twisted and broke ! You will find better stands for the same price - even after the reduction ! I am still thinking of sending it back !
 This item is almost usless . I filled it with water as water is heaver than sand . I would not even begin tohold and average size umbrella . . I put bricks on the base also and it still would not hold up . I had to anchorit with a bungie cord to the rails on the deck . What a waste . I had to get another base which is heavy and metel and works great . This will go to the garbage as it is no good .
 This stand , weighted with water -LRB- completely full -RRB- , does not hold up a 9 ' umbrella . The umbrella ends up on it 's side with water everywhere . Sad dissapointment with this product .
 The product appeared to be effective the day after it was added to the pond . But three days later , the algae was back . It does not control algae in my pond and I will not buy this product again .
 I tried this product to control green scum in the fountain in my back yard . I followed all instructions carefully , but after several applications it appears to have made no dent in the growth of the algae.My fountain is the back yard at my home in the Phoenix metro area , so daytime temperatures are very high and nighttime temps fall only into the 80s . It might work in less extreme conditions , but it certainly is not doing the job for me .
 This product is used in a small water fountain . The fountain bottom is covered with algae . Obviously this product is not working . Have increased the amount used and it still does n't prevent the algae . NOT happy with this performance
 I treated my 500 gallon pond as directed for 3 weeks . After no results and a kool-aid green pond , i poured in the whole bottle only to drain the entire pond a week later and start over . And yes , i run a oversized pump w / a filter and waterfall .
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 I was very dissapointed when I opened the box . Not the thickness and quality I expected . Not worth the price !
 I 'm not sure how this can be an Audubon bat house since the size is really small . It is recommended that each box be at LEAST 24 '' tall . Are these for teeny , tiny , lollipop guild bats ?
 parts missing . package had been opened . no way this could even hoke up to lid . amazon refunded my money -- . chef makes good equip -------- q.c. slipped .
 Well the bat house is very nice to look at , which is a good thing because it 's only decorative at this point . After 2 years it 's weathering to a greyish color and the lizards seem to like sunning on it . I followed all the instructions and I have seen bats in the area . They just do n't like something about this house or the location .
 This product is junk . The rope frayed in the very first use . . and no contact information for seller !! In less then 5 small tree 's the rope was tangled and frayed into the cutter making it unusable .
 Used it once on a single tree , fell apart before I was done pruning.The long saw blade is thin and flexes a lot , making sawing difficult . The cutting portion of it snapped in half during use -LRB- the metal hook broke in two pieces ! -RRB- , and finally when bringing it back in the collapse/expand locks broke.Total junk
 This tool does the job okay . I kinda wish I was able to actually see it before buying . Be aware that the inner extention part is flimsy PVC and wobbles about when in use . But for the money , if you do n't need to extend it much , it is okay . Blade fairly sharp .
 I have had 2 of these , they dont last . After 4-5 months they start to leak air and cant find the leak . I would not recomend any air bed for a dog , it doesnt hold up .
 Although this product looks good , it is a waste of money . The unit worked for about 3 days then I noticed that it would not receive data from the remote unit . I reset and discovered both units and it worked for about 24 hours , then I would reset and discover both units again and it will now work from 1 to 6 hours even after trying all three channels . After about a month I noticed it was no longer receiving the time/date automatically and now it will only work in manual mode . Also the batteries in the base unit only last just over one month . If I could I would return this product .
 My wireless unit came with problems on which has erratic humidity and temperature data . I am keeping touch to Oregon to see if they can replace it . But it is frustating when you receive a item with defect ...
 My unit is not very acurate , plus sometimes it does n't communicate with the outside sensor -LRB- it is really close to the window - so they are both as close as couple of feet from each other -RRB- . The weather preddiction usually does n't really work that good - sometimes it does sometimes it doese n't so the feature is useless . Atomic clock feature is also useless - I 've tried to place the unit in several different places in my apartment and it still wont find the atomic clock signal -LRB- I live in NY but there are no major buildings surrunding mine - just river so I dont know what seems to b a probblem -RRB- . Oh one more thing the outtside sensor broke after aprox . 3 months so I had to replace it with a new one . Generally I do n't recommend this unit at all !! What is more , I paid over 40 bucks for this piece of # $ % & ! Not worth a penny !
 Just got this yesterday and all looks great -- this would have been a 4-star review . But when I tried putting the batteries in the remote unit , I found that the two bottom screws that remove the battery compartment are so tiny and so deeply recessed that not a single screwdriver in my house comes close to fitting it . Now I 've got to buy a new screwdriver set just to install the batteries ??! Terrible design . Shame on Oregon Scientific , which normally makes pretty good stuff .
 If I could return this for a refund I would . Constantly needs to be reset . Off in temp readings by 5-10 degrees , monitor is impossible to place when live in apt on 3rd floor , reads as raining when it is not all the time . I work outdoors and bought this because I desperately need accurate weather readings . This does not meet my needs , and it is a waste of money . I would like the manufacturer to give me a 100 % refund . By the time I realized it was so inaccurate , I could not get my refund through Amazon .
 Says that the time function automatically synchronizes with the US Atomic Clock , providing accurate timekeeping that never needs adjustment -- even for Daylight Savings Time however you must be a certain distance from Denver where the clock is . If not -LRB- like me -RRB- it 's a useless feature . While the transmitter for my unit was only 50 feet from the main unit it constantly lost the signal . I returned my first unit thinking it might have been defective ; the second unit was the same . That went back also . 100 foot range is a bunch of bunk ! I would not recommend this item .
 Technology today in my opinion is great . Virtually everthing I have purchased the last few years has worked right out of the box , even including a $ 30 DVD player . It is too bad I can not say the same for the Oregon Scientific RAR608HGA weather forecaster . I followed the instructions exactly according to the book , time after time . I finally got the remote transmitter to work , as long as it was right next to the base unit . I even got it to work once when it was outside about 5 feet from the base unit . That lasted for about an hour . I called Oregon and the young lady told me to return it and they would send me a new one but I decided why send good money after bad -LRB- shipping cost -RRB- . I guess when you read this you can gather I do not recommend this unit .
 the quality is not great on this flag , but then again , none of the descriptions promised much . you ca n't ask for much for the price , so I guess you get what you pay for .
 This had to be one of the worst designed and engineered products ever made . Hard to use , hard to program and the instructions make it even worse . Do n't waste your money on this product , you 'll be sorely disappointed .
 I found the book disappointing in that it ignores the five recognized species of native irises of the southeastern coastal states , some extending up the MississippiRiver valley as far as IL and OH . I. nelsonii may not be a true species and perhaps one or two in FL are entitled to species status . They are all , with their hybrids developed since the 1940 's , generally included in the designation `` Louisiana Irises '' , with an international society of several hundred members and are included in honors and awards of the American Iris Society . See the website `` SLI '' . While the book may be the best available , what else is missing ? We need something much better .
 Upon choosing a flag to pimp out my dorm room , my roommate and I were going to have a South Korea and Japanese Flag hang on opposite sides of the walls , to make it seem like a clash of 2 nations . When I ordered it , I was excited by not only the price , but also the reviews . Once I received it , I found that the white was less white than I had originally desired it to be . I thought that the pink-white was just the thin white sections causing the bold red parts to be seen through them , but I was wrong . The white was more of a pink-shade than a white . Along with that , the stitching along the rivet side of the flag had blue thread sewn into it , upon which I tried to free the flag from the blue . Overall , I was hopeful that this would be a cool idea , as to be both a funny joke , and to make our room look cooler , but sadly ... the quality of the flag that I received was drastically less quality than I had first imagined it would have been.Also seeing as the shipping charge was the same as how much it costs to buy it , the price to send it back would n't 've been worth the time nor money . I hope that this is only an issue for me , and that no one else has to experience the sadness of getting a badly made flag .
 I ordered this flag with high hopes after reading the reviews . I was mildly upset with the amount of time it took to receive the product -LRB- 8 days -RRB- . The overall sewing of the flag is ok . However the flag is super thin . DO NOT EXPECT FLAG TO LAST LONG OUTDOORS . I personally bought the item to hang in my bar area but after Recieving the flag and seeing the quality ill let the item sit unopened in my closet .
 This is an Nazi version of the Japanese fascist imperial state . It is much like the Nazi swastika . Both regimes killed millions . However , been conditioned by the Zionist media to have more sympathy to jews .
 This product turned my pond milky and created pockets of bubbles on the surface . It took many days to clear . The manufacturer did return my call regarding the failure of this product but they said it was due to my particular water conditions . NOWHERE on their own website , nor on their Amazon description , was there ANY warning about a specific , necessary water chemistry for this product to perform as advertised . While the maufacturer 's rep answered my questions he did not show any concern or care about the situation . Even after I explained to him that I had used their enzyme products for nine years.I rely heavily on the reviews here and hope to help others avoid wasting their money . The maufacturer refused to refund the price of the product to me .
 First , this system worked as advertised . I have no complaints . The first year I had nice lettuce , bok choy and spinach.Now for year two
 Thankfully , I bought this AFTER I had taken the plunge and made my own ebb and flood system from a Rubbermaid bucket and parts purchased here and there . I bought this because I wanted another system but did n't want to bother building it myself . Foolish optimist ! The pump was so weak the table never flooded , so I replaced that . The water outtake valve was too short , so I had to replace that . Since I was overhauling the thing anyway , I also added an air pump and air stone to keep the water oxygenated.I did n't use the square black plastic buckets . Instead , I laid down a bed of Sure to Grow and covered it with black plastic mulch . I grew radishes .
 I bought this item as a gift for my wife , an avid gardener . She could not understand how to assemble it or how it works . So I had to tackle it . The instructions are abysmal , almost non-existent . I had to guess at everything . I finally assembled it but there are no instructions as to how to actually use it or how to maintain it . The plants kept dying . We eventually threw it away because it depressed us to look at it .
 This grill is pretty expensive . I expected more than I got.I 've used this grill + / - 20 times . - It does not get hot enough not does it retain heat as well as it should . - It is difficult to get lit . - It is MESSY . Being able to snuff out the charcoal and use it again sounds great until you look at your handsafter you rearange the coals to light them on the next use ... YUK - I used the snuff out bag . After a couple of hours I put the grill away in a compartment in my motorhome . Wewere aroused at around 2 AM by the CO detector . The grill was still hot and burning !!!!! Lucky thats all thathappened !!! My advice is stay away !
 Have tried many ignition sources and many different charcoals , and despite the promises of rapid chimney heating -LRB- takes 45 + minutes -RRB- , it never gets the charcoals evenly heated -LRB- even after rotating and re-dousing with lighter fluid -RRB- , and it never stays warm long enough for more than one or two -LRB- small -RRB- rounds of cooking.Nice concept ; does n't work in practice . Buy if you want to impress your friends once -LRB- as you first unveil it -RRB- ; they will never ask you to bring it to a BBQ again .
 Cool idea , and extremely tempting for RV 's , park trips.However , it just does n't heat up . I tried burgers and chicken . I had to be patient , and I was cooking for myself . Forget filling the grill surfaces with food . I had filled it with charcoal , but it just does n't hold much , and it is a thin layer , so low heat . There are better options out there for portable grills . Keep looking .
 After studying the available on-line hibatchi 's I purchased the Son Of Hibatchi . The only favorable thing I have found about it is it 's portability . It does not light as advertised or shown on several You Tube videos . For a simple hibatchi it is very difficult to use . I have been using charcoal grills for years and would not buy this one again .
 I bought this stove based on the concept , which I thought was wonderfully clever , and the reviews , which , while mixed , included enough positive ones for me . Based on those reviews , I assume that some people can get this thing to work . I ca n't . The stove seems to pull heat away from the coals , both when trying to light it and when trying to cook with it ; after I gave up trying to light coals in it , I lit the coals separately in a `` chimney '' and just tried to cook with it . Usually , once you get coals started , they will continue burning until they are just ash , unless you close off the oxygen . In half a dozen tries , as soon as I stop actively trying to get the coals to burn , they just go out . I do n't understand why . The video shows people using it to cook a huge feast , I have not been able to grill a hot dog .
 My experience with the Son of Hibachi grill has been literally painful!I bought this from Amazon.de but I thought it will be important to warn also amazon.com costumers of this problem . Specially because nobody has yet reported it.I have to warn you that the insulating material that the pouch is made of , is something like glass wool or ceramic wool . I do not know exactly what it is . Small splinters thiner than hair and very difficult to spot with the naked eye , are all over the place!They become easily spotted with strong sun light because they shine . That 's how I discover them.I 've got my hands full of splinters.My concern is more about breathing , eating or getting some of this splinters in the eyes . I do not think it can be very healthy.Since I do not know the exact material the pouch is made of , I could only made a general research about this fire retardant products . Some of them are not reported to cause cancer and some they do.Anyways you are not supposed to make a bbq with gloves and a mask!I am very surprised I am the only one to report this issue.It came with an instructing DVD . When I watched it I notice the guy making the demo wearing gloves . I thought it was kind of weird . But now I understand why he is wearing gloves.It is a pity because the idea is marvelous . I used only once and I had no problems with the ignition neither getting it very hot.Another problem is that the iron grills rust in a blink of an eye.I am returning it.I do not recommend it because of the splinters . In my opinion , it can cause problems in the long term .
 Sadly , the design of the flag is wrong . It 's got 21 stars instead of 19 . On the true Indiana flag , the stars form a circle around the torch ; the two stars on the edges at the top of this flag are not a part of the design . For comparison , check out -LSB- ... -RSB- If you 're looking for mistakes and rarities , however , there you go .
 What a disappointment - The decription of this product by the manufacturer is intentially vague about what kills the mosquitos . Sticky paper attached to the CO2 ouput is the method here and not really all that effective . Living in Florida we have 3 gecco lizards stuck to the paper right now , struggling , drawing black flies as the die - Nice ! Mean while the mosquitos are buzzing as usual . Would invest in the model with the vac ... . had I known .
 What a let down . There is no vac and the sticky paper is $ 30 for 2 pieces . Okay , it did catch A LOT of flys , and some mosquitos , but for $ 30 in sticky paper and $ 40 for 2 tanks of propane , I think it 's cheaper to hire someone with a fly swatter . Truly this product crosses the line in my opinion in regards to deceptive advertising . Truly zero , or even -1 stars .
 Be aware that this is not the `` SkeeterVac '' by Blue Rhino that received top reviews . I just found out that Blue Rhino and Uniflame are one in the same company and I think they 're using very deceptive advertising that 's tricking people into thinking they 're buying the `` real deal '' . As stated by another reviewer this product as well as the other Uniflame SkeeterVac models do not have a vacuum as the Blue Rhino products do . I have no idea how or why they call this vacuumless product a SkeeterVAC . And it does unfortunately catch lizards on the sticky paper . Tip
 I purchased the Intex 15 foot pool cover in June . By the end of July , the drawcord openings had torn , and there are three small tears by the cutouts in the cover . I expected better quality from Intex . Highly disapponted in this product .
 I have a generic pool like an Intex . The cover that came with the original was form fit that was a soft `` cap '' that came down over the lip and tied with a strong nylon draw-string . After three years of use , -LRB- chemicals will destroy plastic over time , get a salt chlorinater -RRB- , the cover fell apart.I ordered the Intex cover , for the name , and got a designer tarp that ties at four corners with thin -LRB- cheap -RRB- nylon string . It works , but I expected better from Intex .
 Just an oversized , thicker , piece of blue bubble wrap . It helps warm the warmer ... after 5-7 days ... you get what you pay for really says it all on this one . Does not wrap over the edges as in the picture either . Save your money ! Buy a pool heater .
 Purchased this pool cover a few weeks ago & it 's turned the top of our inflated pool black w / a glue like texture which we ca n't get off . The cover has discolored quickly all over w / just a few uses . It looks awful ! We 've purchased this brand before & have not had any trouble , it seems a cover only last one season at a time . In the past I 've been able to find them in one of our local stores , however not this year so ordered this one online from Amazon . It came in a Intex brand box , but possibly it 's a second & not the real deal . What a bummer , wo n't purchase another one . Our pool is ugly looking now !!!!
 I ordered a new Texas Flag for a special event . With the limitted description , the price indicated that it would be a quality stitched flag . What I received was a very poor quality screened -LRB- not stitched -RRB- Chilean Flag . Thank goodness I had family coming from Texas who could pick up a quality stitched Texas flag from Dixie Flag Company for the same price . Amazon - I am so disappointed , Annin missed the mark . You CAN NOT make a mistake like that with a Texas flag .
 The material is very cheap , but you get what you pay for it . It did n't cost much . So I expected that .
 I am no racist but the original WI flag does not have brown skinned people on it , Also it is only one sided and amazingly thing . Total Rip off !
 This flag is only 5 $ . It is inaccurate and the print job is pretty bad . First , the two guys are black . Not that there is anything wrong with that . The badger is golden , the tools on the shield are blue , the coal at the bottom right is black , ` Forward ' is written in funky letters and the background is a much deeper blue than should be . The flag of Wisconsin is supposed to look like this
 plant arrived on time was not as big as pictured other wise plant is still living growing good recomend purchase
 I NEVER RECEIVED THE BUNDT PAN ORDERED IN DECEMBERTHE PURPLE PASSION WAS DEADTHE PRAYER PLANT WAS ALSO DEADi WILL NEVER ORDER FROM YOU AGAINAUDREY E WATKINS
 I thought this was going to be a beautiful and unique Plant . I was very dissatisfied when it arrived . It was small almost dead and dried out . I put it in a pot to nurture it back to life without any luck . It looks more like weed rather than an exotic Plant . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS ONE !!!!!!
 Sad to say that once I transplanted to a larger pot , the plants died . I am not an expert with plants nor am I a novice . I was very disappointed when they did not continue to grow .
 The stainless steel fork is pretty thin and bends easily . Mine arrived bent into a complete curl . The box was crushed in shipment . It was easy to straighten out but one area was bent into a right angle and would n't straighten out completely . The metal is just too thin and soft but the points on the fork are very sharp . I really like the wood handle . It is nice and long with a comfortable grip . However , it comes with hand wash and towel dry instructions . `` Do not soak or immerse tool in water . `` So the handle is nice but the fork itself is pretty weak and bends easily .
 I returned the first pair of these anvil pruners after realizing how poorly strengthened the blade handle is . While pruning small branches -LRB- 1/8 '' -RRB- these pruners work fine . Ask them to cut larger diameter branches up to 3/8 '' and the blade of the pruner misaligned with the anvil enough to cause the blade to pinch and grab the anvil as it attempts to cut . You end up with a blade that consistently wants to bend towards the left side of the anvil as you proceed to try and make a complete cut . I tried a second pair of these and they were just as bad . Needless to say , I do n't recommend these based on the poor strength of the design.I purchased a pair of the Corona anvil clippers from Amazon -LRB- 2 years ago -RRB- and they work perfect . They are well made and do n't suffer from poor design.I still have them . They are keepers .
 I used them for the first time today . The return spring does n't work properly , it only opens up half way after each clip . Will return them
 I 've hardly used it and already it 's lost its sharpness , bending rather than cutting through stems . I am so disappointed . On the other hand , my friends pruned the apple and lemon trees , so maybe it did get a little bit of a workout , but still , I expected more longevity . I need a new and different pruner .
 It cut well enough but would not lock until I filed down the mechanism . Obviously , it was never inspected after manufacture .
 After 5 min of use the return spring quit working . My yard has numerous palm-like plants , these are totally useless for even the small dried branches , just wo n't cut them at all . Works fairly well on green shoots . I sent it back .
 The same pruners can be purchased at Lowe 's for about $ 10.00 Also ... the lifetime guarantee should be followed by a question mark because it is n't the case ... SAVE YOUR MONEY !!!
 A shoddy design . A good concept , but I found it cumbersome and poorly designed . While it does give you good shade , it is poorly constructed and tears with ease . The velcro attachments need to be reinforced . Any wind will easily tear the anchor points .
 I already own and love two similar chairs from Kelsyus but the two I just bought failed within hours . The pockets that connect the arms to the aluminum bars blew out on both arms on both chairs . My old chairs with the black web seats are great . Would try these blue fabric chairs again if people posted that they were not having problems with newer ones .
 Great concept , but has some quality flaws . The arm rests -LRB- which also serve the backpack straps when its folded-up -RRB- broke/tore within 20 minutes of use . Quite a dissapointment , as I generally like the chair . Given the price of the beach chair , you would expect better quality . I will try to fix it myself with some sewing , as its not worth my while shipping it back . In terms of comfort , its OK , not great , but not bad either . The one drawback with the canopy is that if you are of average height -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 11 -RRB- you head will be pushed forward by the canopy . The one plus is the backpack feauture , which make it easy to carry , and is not too difficult to figure out -LRB- they could use better instructions -RRB- . As far as weight , its a bot heavier than other beach chairs out there .
 I gave the product 2 stars because living in a warm weather climate but having a small backyard I was looking forward to the portability and hopefully the sturdiness of the product . Unfortunately , as some might be able to read on the Target related reviews of the same product here , I weigh about 185,6 ft `` normal '' guy and was quickly sinking to where I could basically feel the support poles every time . Unfortunately what would have been perhaps a 4 star comment later on became a 2 because my father laid down to relax , and he weights perhaps 200-210 max and the support structure completely ripped through , and he could have injured himself pretty badly . So I guess it 's really the luck of the draw and I might risk myself at purchasing one again but through a brick and mortar store to be sure it can be returned .
 I have used the hammock about 2 times and it is already ripping at the seams . . I 'm pretty disappointed that after 2 uses , the product is tearing . . I think when I bought the product , it said that it would hold up to 200 lbs . I weigh about 96lbs and it ca n't even hold my weight ...
 It was difficult , if not impossible to set up and would not support the weight of a 150 pound person .
 I should have paid attention to the reviews . My husband barely weighs 155 pounds and when he is in the hammock he is dragging on the ground . Might still send back , but we are on an RV trip and he did not use it before we left
 The first time I used this it broke . The plastic snapped . OK I weigh 200lbs but ...
 Waste of money . If you weigh more than 150 pounds or anyone you know that does gets in it , your/their butt is on the ground -LRB- ca n't swing -RRB- and then it 's stretched out and does n't work for small people either .
 It says 22 pounds ... what a joke ... this thing is heavy and not the `` lighweight , portable '' hammock it announces itself to be .
 ***** See Update Below ****** Having now had this grill for over a year , I would describe it as a decent quality grill for a fair price . I use this grill frequently , probably twice a week or more , even in winter . If you are an occasional user , you may find this a more ideal product.The Good Points-1 -RRB- It looks great and is perfect if you do n't want and over testosteroned massive stainless grill on your property .2 -RRB- The quality and functionality is decent .3 -RRB- If you get a hold of a real person at Minden , they are very nice and will go out of their way to help you .4 -RRB- Heats up very quickly.The Bad Points-1 -RRB- You MUST purchase separately the stainless steel grate . The included enameled grate will wear out in less than one season .2 -RRB- The wood handle will also become moldy in less than a season . I extended it 's life by using some spray varnish on it , but I would still prefer the stainless steel one -LRB- which I 've seen at Williams-Sonoma on a version of this grill that only they sell -RRB- .3 -RRB- The spatter plates become quickly rusty . Minden was nice enough to send me -LRB- essentially for free -RRB- 3 stainless steel ones .4 -RRB- Some of the bolts which hold the unit together become rusty over time , they should be made of stainless steel , but they are n't .5 -RRB- The grill does not evenly heat , and has hot and cold spots , which over time if you understand where they are you can compensate for them.They really have the makings of a great grill with some small modifications , I would encourage them to change some parts to stainless steel -LRB- described above -RRB- and attempt to resolve the unevenness of the heating surface . ****** UPDATE April 8 , 2012 ******** After having this grill for about two years , I sadly have to conclude that it 's not something I would buy again.The rust has continued to the point where critical functioning parts are failing . The bracket for the trough which supplies gas from burner to burner has failed , causing the trough to fall off . I 've managed to stick it back using some rocks so I can still use the grill.The hot and cold spot issue seems to have gotten worse , and it 's also now hard for me to get the grill started without pressing the start button 10 or 15 times.Additionally , the threaded plastic gas tank hookup broke in half , and I had to replace it with a new one.After doing some math , I 've concluded that the cost of ownership of this grill is simply too high.At 479 , lasting two years , means 249/year -LRB- this does not include the MANDATORY cost of buying the Stainless Steel Grate -RRB- *** Conclusion
 My first bad experience with Amazon . 3 times they sent me previously opened packages that were clearly beat up in shipping . The first time I opened the carton and found alot of sheetmetal damage , so returned the grill . The next two times the packaging was clearly incorrect and damaged so the shipments were refused . Shame on you Amazon for sending out junk , not once but time after time . Still hoping to get an undamaged grill ! Minden Grill rated one star because being so fragile it clearly needs better packaging .
 With this being a Audubon product I expected it be nice and well built . I was way off with my expectations when I opened the box the first thing I thought was the 39.99 I paid was way to high . This product was poorly built and compared to others of similar size and better construction at my local hardware store -LRB- Lowes -RRB- was only $ 10 .
 I bought this product and I thought it 's with the hat as the picture shown , but it just a net like the product of $ 2.89 , if I knew it 's without the hat , I will buy the other one with the hat or the cheaper one without hat .
 Handy to slip on for quick trips outside , no tying needed . Hat rim and hoop need to be bigger to keep net off of skin .
 Product does not look like the photo . Very small - mesh sits too close to face for comfort . Would only use in an extreme emergency . Not comfortable for any extended period of outdoor work in buggy conditions . Very disappointing .
 always know when the wind is blowing with this colorful garden spinner , can be stuck in the ground with the supplied spike or you can customize your own mount , either way its fun to enjoy .
 This mower worked great the first time I used it . The second time , when I backed up with it , it ate the flap on the back that blocks grass from coming out at you . It shattered the flap , dinged up the mower blade , and bent the shaft that holds the mower blade straight . When I restarted the mower , the blade would hit the frame , and black smoke came out of the muffler . I called in for the warranty , took it to an authorized shop , and all the warranty would fix was the grass flap . The mower mechanic told me that he will `` See you next year to replace that muffler '' . I asked him what he meant , and he said `` Those mufflers have to be replaced once a year for $ 50.00 '' He also proceeded to tell me that I paid too much for such a basic mower . Spend a little extra and get something with a little better quality . I mean who makes a lawn mower that you can not go backwards with ? This thing self destructs if you do .
 This machine is not powerful . It lacks torque . The self propel belt is flimsy . Mine broke out of the box after two cutting two rows . This machine can not cut through long grass without slogging down . It is very slow when the self propel is engaged . The screw knobs on the handle piping vibrate loose . This is fine for small yard or occasional mowing . For large yards and weekly mowing this is a failure .
 I love my other silcone spatula 's by Mario but this one is not what I expected . The edge warps , and it is very difficult to get it under a pancake for example and turn it over . It literally was sticking and tearing the pancake and I was using a non stick griddle . I think perhaps it needed to be a little less long so there would be more support for the food item . Not sure what the warping problem is cause I have only used it once ... to try and turn the pancake and washed by hand . I tried putting a weight on the leading edge and leaving it weighed down several days but when I checked to see if that fixed it ... it was still warped .
 While setting it up , the trap often times popped . Then plastic latch broke and the mouse trap was unable to lock in place . It would not set up properly so it went in the trash before it was even used . Would not purchase again .
 I had a relatively minor problem with the d-CON covered mouse trap as soon as I removed it from the box . The instructions clearly said to lift up the front compartment in order to bait the trap , but one side of said compartment was still firmly fixed to the base of the mouse trap by a strip of excess , uncut plastic . This was easily remedied by cutting across the strip with a pair of scissors , but the fact this was necessary at all did not inspire confidence in the product . I successfully baited and then set the trap without risk of injury to my fingers , and I caught one of the mice in my home within a period of two days . It was immediately apparent that I had caught and killed a mouse because the back end of the deceased rodent extended out of the front of the trap . This made it somewhat difficult to dispose of the mouse , but I accomplished the task while desperately trying to avoid any direct contact with the body.As the product was said to be reusable -LRB- and I wanted to get my money 's worth -RRB- , I again baited and set the same trap and placed it where I had recently seen two other mice . When I later inspected the trap I saw that it had indeed been `` sprung , '' but there was neither a dead mouse nor any bait to be found . I assumed that the trapping device had failed and released on its own ; thus transforming a once effecient mouse trap into a feeding dish for the local rodents . I attempted to set the trap a third time , but this time it would not set at all . Yes , the trap successfully and humanely killed the first mouse . Yes , it was fairly easy to set and presented no risk to my person . No , the trap absolutely WAS NOT reusable despite being indicated as such , and I have no intention of ever purchasing another d-CON covered mouse trap at its current price . Had the trap simply functioned three times I would think quite differently of the product , but it failed to achieve even the bare minimum number of uses required for it to be considered `` reusable . ''
 Yesterday afternoon I received the trap and set it in a course that I 've seen mice hiding in the midnight.Today at 3:30 am I was working at my dining room , and heard a snap ... it catched the unwanted visitor.Unfortunatelly , it did not die right away . Right now it 's 4am , and the mice is still fighting with the trap , making noises ... . which made me feel very uncomfortable and sad . I 'm now considering a humane trap .4:10 Mice strugging with even bigger effort ... I 'm so sad that this trap is making it suffer so much .8:24 am I woke up and the mouse is still alive ... 12.25 am next day ... Mouse still alive . All my kids saw the mouse struggling and even turned its head over ... it was really a horrible experience .
 This item does not work . The spring is to strong to set the trap , making it impossible to use . A complete waste of money .
 Go figure . But if you 're interested , look in my reviews for the traps that worked best for me .
 WARNING ... READ AT YOUR ICK ! DISCRETIONSo , we used two of these and while the mice were whomped alright , the tails . back feet and in one of the traps a little of the raunchy butt was sticking out the end . It 's gon na take me years to recover from the sight . * gag *
 I have tried about every trap available today and none works as good as the old style hinge trap , I have tried tomcat , live traps , both dcon and tomcat circular traps , literally everything available in my small town . I was hoping this trap would at least be effective once , it just went off and upon inspection the peanut butter in the cup was completely licked clean , no evidence of the mouse . With the sorry traps on the market today you would be better off trying to make your own or buying a cat . None are sensitive enough to release the trigger for a mouse , I think most nowadays are made for rats .
 Did n't like it , returned it , it did n't work at all . I trap mice all the time in the metal wire cages , and this caught nothing . Sorry , charlie -- useless to me .
 Mice would totallyignore theswes packages ! I tried spicing them up a little with peanut butter and Kitchen grease to make them more appealing ! They never touched theses small packages of ! D-Con &#62; &#62; In the past I did find success with the loose D-Con in the trays 1
 I guess this is a lesson learned in why you always stick with the classics.We bought 3 of these traps and none of them would stay set properly . We 'd set them , put them down -LRB- as gently as humanly possible -RRB- and they 'd pop . At first 2 of the 3 would n't stay latched when the arm was pushed down , then it got to be all of them . We tried and tried . We tried pushing them down gently , then forcefully . We tried setting them upside down , right side up , anything we could think of . The little latching mechanism just would not latch . It was infuriating to have wasted money on something that just flat out did not work .3 traps , all in the garbage . Never even had a chance to see if they 'd work past the setup stage . Grr.Bummer .
 The plastic tab that locks the lever when setting the trap broke off after the first use . Now there is no way to set the trap . The peanut butter I put in the bait cup was totally gone , but the trap did n't trigger .
 It was ironic that the mice took the bait -LRB- peanut -RRB- but the trap was NOT trigged !!! If you want to feed the mice , you may buy it .
 I had this next to a Rat Zapper Classic -LRB- with the same bait -RRB- . The Rat Zapper caught 3 mice and this caught none .
 First of all , I bought two of these and 6 of the ` Better Mouse Trap 's , BOTH SUCKED . The better mouse trap caught nothing . But not only did the d-CONs not catch anything , as soon as I first tried to set the trap , the darn set would n't stay down . AND YES I DID IT SLOWLY , S-L-O-W-L-Y . I had to use a knife to wiggle with it to set it . For the first week , nothing . Then all of a sudden I heard a snap and I got excited . I dug out the trap from under the kitchen cabinets , and to my disappointment , I found that the snap was not due to a mouse capture , but rather some plastic part of the trap broke , and now , wo n't set at all , the plastic enclosure id snapped off when I was trying to open it to clean off the peanut butter . I 'm asking for an exchange for new ones since the two I got broke , I 'm given this crap a second chance . Why ? I dont know , I guess its because I really want to catch these damn mice , and no other trap has such high ratings . Fark .
 Twice I 've baited the trap and came back to find the peanut butter almost completely eaten and no mouse . It 's hard to set , and it is n't sensitive enough for the mouse I have to set it off . It 's only 5 bucks so I wo n't bother returning it , but try something else .
 I could n't set it up when I got it because the lever did n't stay down . I returned it for a refund .
 The trap is nice because you do not have to view a dead mouse , only the tail sticks out . At first I loved the traps , but I have since had lots of problems re setting them , as they are reusable . It does not stay set and a few of them can not be set anymore .
 It looks really good , but it would n't even set , I kept slowly pushing the lever down several times . So I am returning it right now . This is the only product I have bought from amazon that I have returned .
 Bought 3 . Caught 2 . One was broken before use . You ca n't reuse . Too fragile . Looks good , but plastic does n't work here . I 'll stick with the old school trap . I ca n't believe these reviews . Only good point , easier to dispose of the mouse .
 It does get points for ease of use , * if * you can get it to work . I bought 4 of these . One of them would n't set from the beginning ; it seemed to be missing a crucial piece that keeps the lever down . Another one set , but then snapped back 5 minutes later without anything going into it as far as I could tell ; then I could n't set it again . The third trap did catch a mouse , but somehow the mouse got caught in the wrong direction -LRB- head facing outward -RRB- and got trapped but not killed ! Perhaps this was just a very skilled mouse . The fourth trap is still sitting on my counter waiting for a mouse ...
 It was very easy to set , but after a few days of not catching a mouse , I decided to move it to another location . I opened the front to see if perhaps the peanut butter was still in the trap ... No . Apparently , the mouse ate all the peanut butter and the trap did n't even snap . To make matters worse , the trap would not reset after snapping . I just threw it away .
 This product is pretty useless . It 's way too small and it 's hard to catch some `` smart '' mouse . I bought 2 of these and left them in the kitchen for 2 week . One day I saw the mouse ran across . The trap is still there and no mouse were caught ...
 In theory this should be a good idea , in fact it is a complete waste of money and space
 Purchased two of these products and set both . One caught a mouse the first night . Disposed of the mouse and attempted to reset the trap . Would n't reset . Same thing happened with the other trap . Purchased two more . Took them out of the box , neither would set . Have returned all four .
 I bought this product based on previous good reviews but sadly the one I received broke the first time I tried to set it . Overall it is made from very low quality plastic and the setting mechanism relies on a small plastic catch to hold the spring back . I guess on the one I got this was not cast properly and sheared off . Luckily I also boughtVictor M038 Easy Set Mouse Trap , 4-Packwhich I have no problems with , now to see if I actually catch some mice !
 Do n't waste your money on this trap . It 's hard to set , and has n't caught one mouse . I bought the JT Eaton 409 Jawz traps and they work fine , but I also purchased the cheap old fashioned wooden traps and they work just as well for a fraction of the price . Between the wooden traps and the JT Eaton 409 Jawz traps , we 've caught six mice so far .
 I was really displeased with the performance of this trap . One of these traps caught a mouse the first night it was out , but failed to actually kill the mouse . When I released the mouse into the trash bin , it limped around , still alive . I had to dispatch the mouse myself to put it out of its misery . I do not recommend this trap .
 this trap is just built with plastics . it broke after a few clicks , and it caught nothing . and after 30 day return window , you can not return it for refund actually though it 's definitely a product quality issue . simply put , do n't buy this !!!
 Last year , I ordered 12 of these . Out of the box , 3 of them did n't work . Durning the next three months , 3 of them failed . I discovered a little plastic hook that holds the trap open had broken off . This year , I decided to give it another try , even though at $ 5 per trap , I was uncertain . This year , out of a box of 12 , again 3 failed to work and two have broken so far , leaving 7 out of 12 . Looking more closely at the mechanism , I discovered there is a little pin near where the trap setting arm is when set . It keeps sliding out about 3/16ths of an inch and when I pushed it back in , found I could get the trap to work . With those that had a broken plastic hook to set the trap , there was no hope . I 'm down to 9 traps that are still working but do n't expect them to last the season.Next year , I 'll go back to simple wooden traps . Cheaper and more effective .
 I started using these a few years ago . The original ones lasted a few seasons but eventually I could not reset them . I decided to get new ones . I tested all three at the store before buying them . They worked fine.After setting them up at home one caught mice , one could n't be reset after the mouse ate all the peanut butter and escaped , the third one could n't be tripped after being sent twice.This used to be a good product but now they are just made in China junk.Luckily I only had them for a week and saved the receipt so back to the store they go .
 I bought this product because I had a mouse in the house . Three days later , after baiting and setting this trap I STILL had a mouse in my house . I tried different bait but the mouse never fell for it.I ended up buying a snap-trap . UGH ! I hate those things but at least they WORK !
 I 've started to see mice around the house as the weather got colder , so I thought I should get some traps and these came highly recommended . I bought three and set them around the stove , as that was where I found the most `` traces '' of the mice . I did as was recommended and left a small pea sized piece of bait expecting to find a mouse in the trap within the week . Three days later , I checked one that was set off and there was nothing inside , bait or otherwise . I checked the other two that were still set and the bait was gone . I tried stuffing the bait tray completely this time so the mouse could n't run off with it . Just this morning , I checked and the bait is gone again , in all three traps . I could understand if one was defective , but not all three . So best save your money on a better quality mouse trap .
 I purchased two traps because I have a growing problem with mice . I like the design mainly because of safety around the dogs . My wife had difficulty opening the `` door '' to put the bait on , so I had to do that for her . The next morning when she got up , she found that one trap had indeed been tripped , but the dead mouse was about 18 '' away with a small pool of blood under its nose . Obviously , the mouse had taken a hit but managed to wriggle out and get a short distance away before dying . While my wife was distressed about this , she still reset the trap and put it back down . It had a good , clean kill within 30 minutes . Later that evening , the second trap was tripped . My wife got the bags to empty out the mouse into . As she was lifting the lever to let the mouse slide out , she noticed movement , screamed , and dropped the entire trap into the bag . When I came to help , I lifted the trap lever and the mouse jumped out of the bag and took off . We rebaited and reset the trap and placed it back down . Later , my wife heard the trap trip -LRB- just a soft `` snick '' sound -RRB- , and then heard the mouse crying for what seemed to her a very long time . She finally gave up and went to bed . It was confirmed dead this morning . We have now thrown both traps away , and will continue searching for something that 's going to kill the mouse right away .
 I purchased this less than 1 month ago when I had the &#34; Mr. Jingles &#34; of mice in my house . It did n't catch the mouse , which is not why I 'm hammering it , but it 's now less than a month later and the cocking lever will not stay locked , so it basically is useless.C ` est la vie .
 The latch that the lever is supposed to snap into is very poorly put together and slides around all the time making it really hard to set the trap . It took me half an hour to set the trap up the first time . Ultimately what I found was best was standing really close to wear you intend to set the trap up , pull back the lever and then stick a screw driver or knife into the opening to push the latch into place . This is the only way I could get this thing to work.I really like the idea of the design . I like that it is covered so that you -LRB- or a pet -RRB- do n't accidentally set the trap off . I only wish that the latch was a bit more sturdy .
 I 've bought two of these . The first lasted 3 or 4 times before the lever would no longer set . I was disappointed but thought it was good enough value to buy a second one . The second one I purchased did n't even work once - I could not get the lever to set .
 I have always relied on these traps in the past and would no longer recommend purchasing them because the product is of a much lower quality than it used to be . I purchased these a few days ago and they have been useless - very different from my past experiences with older models of this trap.I have tested a variety of mouse traps in the past 5 years , to deal with mouse problems in urban apartments ranging from severe -LRB- infestation -RRB- to very minimal -LRB- single mouse spotting in basement . -RRB- These D-Con covered traps were always the most successful
 The Ultra-set trap was simply defective . Once set , it would not release . The trigger pad is stopped at the floor of the trap and does not release . An email to the manufacturer resulted in 2 coupons totaling far less than the price of the trap . Both product and customer service were unsatisfactory . -LRB- As a Mechanical Engineer I find this really annoying . -RRB-
 I 've bought a number of these traps , I 'd say 25 over the past couple years . It seems that about 1/4 or 1/5 are defective - the clasp simply wo n't catch when you try to set them . You may find yourself extremely frustrated as you attempt to delicately handle the lever , time after time , to no avail . I realize there 's a bit of an art to setting even functional ones , but I 've set enough to know when they simply do n't work.If you manage to get the trap set -LRB- recommend peanut butter -RRB- , it will get the job done . The cover is the main reason I 've bought so many.I have mixed feelings about the product , feel it 's deserving of somewhere between 2 and 3 stars , but I 've rounded down b/c the price strikes me as a bit high -LRB- I suppose it 's hard not to feel that way with a defective worthless trap ! -RRB- In fairness , I have n't done much market research on traps , so do n't really know how their price compares .
 did n't kill a one , buy the electoronic unit . this thing has a tiny hole and the mice new it was a trap .
 I bought two traps . One has worked very well and I am very pleased ; the other one broke on the second use . The plastic pin that holds the spring in the `` set '' position broke and I had no alternative but to throw the entire trap away . I was very disappointed because I bought the product after reading the rave reviews on-line . The `` plastic entry door '' is cute , but I leave it open , the better to encourage the mouse toward the bait . This morning 's catch was needlessly cruel -- for the mouse . For some reason the spring did not catch him/her on the back/neck , but rather by the feet/tail . The poor creature had gnawed through the plastic covering in a vain attempt to get free and ultimately died from the d-Con poison that I had used for bait .
 Because of all the good remarks about this product , I bought two recently . When I received them I put in the bait as instructed and within one day the traps were triggered 4 times but just did n't catch the mouse ! Once I actually saw the mouse followed the bait trail to the trap but still it was not caught . Then I tried a few more times next day . The bait were taken , the traps were triggered and they were dragged to some nearby places but the mouse still got away ...
 The idea of these traps are solid , but they are impossible to set up . The trigger never latches on so you can spend 10 minutes just trying to set it . You place it down and it goes off ! Bought two and I threw them out because they 're :1 -RRB- Cheaply made2 -RRB- Ineffective since you ca n't set the traps3 -RRB- Not worth the hassle.I bought these because of the reviews and what a mistake !
 I have had limited success with this trap . I caught a few mice but also often found the bait gone . In addition the trap is poorly made . I had to return two defective traps that could not be set due to a faulty trigger .
 I have had two of these traps out , back to back , baited with peanut butter for 2 weeks and nothing ! In that time , I 've seen the mouse walking around the traps without even giving them a second look . As much as I hate seeing dead mice , I think I will have to return to the traditional snap traps if they do n't catch something soon .
 A small piece of plastic on the inside broke on the first time the trap caught a mouse . It could n't be used again .
 The hook that holds the metal bar in place does n't work on mine . I know that if I did n't have a defective trap , it would have probably worked ... but who knows with my mouse . It 's managed to set off but avoid 1 Snap-E trap and 3 ordinary d-Con wooden traps . I was hoping this would do the trick , as I 've had to move the food in my cupboards and pantry twice and tape up any and all openings , no matter how small and it seems to be working . I guess I 'll have to manage life with a mouse in my kitchen . I do n't want to use poison because the mouse hides in places I ca n't get to and I do n't want it 's dead body stinking up my house .
 OK , I purchased these after reading some reviews , and for the fact that it sort of hides the dead mouse . Caught a mouse on night # 2 , which was great . There is one problem though ... due to the flimsy plastic catch on this trap , resetting this thing after getting rid of the dead mouse is a major hassle . It just wo n't stay in the `` set '' position , keeps snapping down . Takes a good 5-10 minutes at least to set it ... I think there are better choices out there , and in fact I ordered another brand hoping to have better luck .
 It is made of very low grade plastic . It broke after only one week of use . Do not buy this product .
 I order twelve of these traps . Five were broken ; they would not set , as many others have noted in their reviews.This morning I went downstairs and there was a poor mouse , still alive , in the trap . It was horrible . The poor thing had chewed away at the plastic , trying to get out . I picked the trap up and he got about half of his body out of the trap . It must have somehow snagged the poor guy 's tail and foot . I was horrified and screamed so loudly I woke up one of my choldren . I hate the mess they make in my house but I would never want to cause this sort of suffering to any living thing . I brought it outside and managed to release it . It may well be back in my house but I hope not for the poor thing 's sake.I threw the remaining traps away . I would NEVER use one of these again .
 The trap was defective from the manufacture . This has nothing to do with Amazon , just the trap would not latch . Therefor making it useless . Sending it back for a refund .
 I 've purchased these before online and never had one arrive broken . The mechanism that locks the set trap in place does not work . The trap wo n't set . Not acceptable .
 Put peanut butter on the hole inside as directed . Came to check the next morning and the peanut butter was gone , trap empty and still set .
 Trap caught a few mice . Now they are grabbing the bait and not triggering the trap . The trap just does n't hold up well over time . Takes several tries to set the trap . Once set - it does n't want to trigger . Moving on to something else .
 This trap worked well for 1 mouse . After that it would not stay set . You have to tilt it , turn it upside down , move it all around to find a sweet spot to where the latch would catch and allow it to stay set . Just get the old fashioned traps .
 Bought these traps in hope a getting rid of some mice . I am 100 % disabled so I figured , according to the package instructions that they 'd be easy to reset . I was wrong . I bought 5 traps . First one out of box would not set at all . I figured out that I had to press down on a plastic latch inside the trap to get it to set . Caught one mouse in this particular trap and it never was able to reset it again . At $ 4.99 per trap , makes for a very expensive mouse . . I originally bought these traps because they were resettable and did n't have to touch a diseased ridden mouse . Out of 5 traps I purchased only 3 have been resettable . I would highly recommend that your design engineers get back to the drawing board . VERY DISAPPOINTING . Expected much more from D-CON
 Not sure why this item has such great reviews , maybe i got a defective one but atleast i gave it a try . I was able to set the trap by depressing the pin just 1 time and let it snap by using a straw , but after that the trap would not set again no matter how fast or slow i tried to pull the pin back again . i guess it would have been nice if it had work but my experience was just like some of the other reviews claiming the item only worked once so good luck if you want to try it but i 'm going to be returning mine .
 I used it three times and it would not start . You have to call Tecumseh for the warranty . I was told to take it into an authorized Tecumseh service center . I did and it was the carburator . The service center said they were not sure if Tecumseh would pay for the repair even though it was still under warranty . What ?? / The service center called Tecumseh several times and they said they 'd talk to someone and get back to them . They never did . I called and talked to their customer service people twice . No toll free number either . They had to get repair ok 'd by a service manager . They never called . I called the service manager and of course had to leave a message . I left five of them over a three week period . He never called back . They never called the service center back either . If they had any intention of honoring their warranty , they 'd have called back . So I ended up paying for -LSB- an expensive -RSB- dollar repair . The service center soaked that carb in cleaner overnight and it still would n't work . So they assumed it was a defective carburator . When it does run , it performs very well . But this motor is the loudest of any portable generator I have ever heard . I 'm glad I do n't have any close neighbors .
 Broke after 1 week , disposable , uselless and completely waste of money.would suggest to go to a different product with a different manufacturer
 Exactly what we were looking for in terms of size and function . Yet taking it out of the box yielded a poorly constructed product that was received in numerous pieces-especially where the legs were supposed to be attached . Too much plastic that was brittle and consequently prone to shattering , and that is how it was received . Kudos to Amazon for accepting it back with a full refund .
 Placed order 0n Jan 2 , 2010 on Amazon . Did not receive from Target untill Jan 13 , 2010 . I have been using Amazon for about 3 years . This order was the most I 've ever waited for . Maybe Target needs to kick it up notch .
 Admittedly this table has a sturdy , good quality top , and as one person stated it 's not quite 37 '' but that was ok . Our problem was that the the legs were attached but we found several unused screws in the bottom of the box . When we turned the table over to look more closely there were 4 holes that were never drilled -LRB- so no way to put the screws in -RRB- and the legs were not completely attached . The other screws in the bottom were meant to go into already drilled holes -LRB- also supporting the legs -RRB- that were so wallowed out the screws just fell right out.Bottom line - we returned this table - somewhere along the way someone or some machine did n't do their job - and apparently no one checks to be sure it 's 100 % correct . If you do order , be sure to double check that the legs are attached correctly , that way there wo n't be any surprises if it all of a sudden falls over .
 This is the most disappointed item I ever purchased from Amazon . The first shipment I received was missing 5 screws . My second replacement table was not only missing 5 screws , but also had a dent in one corner -LRB- although the package was in perfect condition -RRB- . The amazon customer service was great , just this particular product they sell is terrible . I do n't think I want to buy any Lifetime product in the future .
 In my opinion I would not advise to buy this table . The table arrived and most of the screws holding the metal frame to the plastic table top were missing some were loose in the box . I took the few loose screws in the bottom of the box and re-installed them . One of the screws came through the top of the table , I did not know this until I got large scratch on my hand . The remaining screws are loose because they are only secured by the plastic table top and once they come out and re-installed they will not tighten properly.Very poor product in my opinion . Lifetime who 's lifetime ?
 After reading the reviews about this table , I decided to ignore the warnings about screws missing , uneven legs , etc. and went ahead and ordered it . I should have believed them . My table arrived with one screw loose in the box , another one missing . I put the screw in but it does n't go in all the way . With the other one missing , I have to go find one that will work . The table legs are not straight when unfolded . What is happening to the quality of U.S. made products ? Once everything is fixed , the table will work fine but I should n't have to take the time to make these adjustments , nor should you if you decide to buy it . If you do buy it , just beware that these are shortcomings you might have to fix yourself .
 The table top is great and the hardware , under the table top , is great . But , it just is n't designed very well . Every screw , connecting the metal hardware to the plastic table top was loose . I tightened every screw , but you ca n't really tighten it that much because the screws go through the metal and through the thin plastic . So there is nothing for the screws to attach to . I think this is why so many people have complained that the screws were loose or fell out . I know I 'll have to periodically tighten the screws on my table.My table arrived on time , but the box was damaged . One corner of my table has a small dent in it and one of the metal hinges was slightly bent . These problems were not big enough for me to bother sending it back . The table top is sturdy and it looks great and I need it for a picnic in a few days .
 This 37 Inch folding table is great.We bought a few from Amazon and other places at a lower cost basis too.From Amazon they arrived damaged but still usable . It was not packaged well . The Bill of Lading was a JOKE -LRB- I HOPE -RRB- as it lacked any details.Why did the other shippers send them in great packages as well bills of lading ? Amazon we rATe 1.3 out of ten -LRB- 10 -RRB- . The shipper AMAZON we Rate ZERO , ZILTCH , NY BAGEL HOLE , ZIP ... At least the table we gave/delivered to the Seniors did not have to be in perfect shape as AMAZON shipped damaged goods sold as new but arrived as old used pieces marred . .
 It was nice when it was new . The base screws in and is not steady , the solar pump feature only worked when the sun was directly overhead -LRB- and we live in the southwest -RRB- . After one year , this plastic bird bath became nearly impossible to keep clean . It 's a nice idea , it just has a few design flaws .
 The fountain was a big disappointment . It had to be REALLY sunny to get it to work at all and it did n't work for long . It was a gift and I do n't like my recipients to be disappointed .
 I thought I had found what I wanted which was a bamboo rake that was reliabile based on the reviews . However when I recieved it , one of the two metal side hinges was missing -LRB- you can see them if you look closely at the rake picture soomed in -RRB- . I jury rigged something to keep the last bamboo rod solidified , and tested it out . The middle bamboo rodes moved every which way after just a few rakes . It did n't appear to be due to the side metal hinge missing , it just appeared to be due to the bamboo rods not being the quality of the prior bamboo rakes that we had at the house which lasted many , many years , and though a ton of abuse as well . I 'm happy to reply to comments , but this rake did not do the truck for me .
 i have small 3 hp yamaha generator , when i installed i did not noticed any differece . i do not recommend it .
 This bird feeder was put together in haste with poor quality wood . The maker scrimped on material for the roof . Small roof with no over-hang does not protect peanuts from the weather . It looks like this was done to accomodate shipping .
 This is the most overpriced birdfeeder I have ever bought ; a ten-year-old in shop class could have made a better constructed feeder ! The design is pretty good , although my woodpeckers are content to hang on to the wire mesh and peck at their food through that ; the holes on the sides are n't used at all . But the wood itself is n't finished in any way , it has splinters and rough spots all over it , and the pieces that make up the feeder are n't well-measured so it looks sloppy and banged together . Basically , it looks like scrap wood , cut with a too-coarse saw and screwed together anyway it would fit -LRB- at least the hardware looks like it will hold up -RRB- . The holes drilled into the side panels , for the woodpeckers to put their beaks in and grab food , are too small and there are splinters of wood in them , like they were drilled too quickly with a dull bit . The wood is very thick , which is probably good for durability , but that means the holes are very deep and I 'm not sure whether that could be inhibiting the birds from using them to feed . Maybe it 's just easier to go through the wire mesh . But , for a couple of bucks , you could look at the picture of the feeder and make something yourself that would be much nicer and equally functional . This certainly is n't worth the money!Update
 I believe Ducane and Weber 's past business practices are a relevant consideration in deciding today whether to purchase their products . In April of 2004 , Ducane filed for bankruptcy and rejected all of its `` lifetime '' warranty obligations . Weber purchased some of the assets of Ducane out of bankruptcy , but specifically refused to acquire the liabilities arising from the previous Ducane warranties . Previous purchasers or Ducane grills who paid extra for the lifetime warranty are , in legal parlance , screwed . If this is the sort of behaviour you want to encourage , I 'm sure Ducane/Weber products will represent a fine use of your hard-earned dollars . Alternatively , if you think this behaviour is odious , you may want to consider an alternative manufacturer .
 Started to assemble base and discovered my package was missing all the casters . Called Ducane and did n't get any help . I 'm in the process of returning the base and grill head for a refund . Good thing Amazon has a good return policy .
 7-15-04 Opened packaging on 7-10-04 and could not finish assembling due to lack of wheels . E-mailed amazon.com on 7-11-04 about problem and have yet to receive acknowlegment that received email and issue being dealt with . Package came from Amazon.com on Mercer Road in Lexington , KY. . There was no direct email address .
 Just like the other review , our base arrived INCOMPLETE !!! NO CASTERS ... No response from Amazon . Bought our own casters did not want to hassle with sending back the huge boxes and the barbecue was the size we wanted .
 I had to return this product . It was horrible.I was using a Neverkink hose with it , and this plastic contraption broke as soon as I turned the water on . The side parts blew off.Poor quality .
 This might be okay if you 're punching thin paper , one sheet at a time , but when I tried heavier paper the plastc - yes , plastic ! - handle snapped right off . Maybe mine had a defect , or a weak section , but without a metal core the plastic will eventually weaken and break . Not at all worth the money , I will never buy one like this again .
 I ordered this product for a school project , it was supposed to be a one-inch square . What I received was an irregular measurement of 11/16 of an inch . The punch itself works well but the project was made exponentially more difficult due to this error in description . I would be wary of purchasing from this seller again .
 Remember the Water Wiggle toy from the 70s that chased kids around the backyard with a insane spray of water ? In the first week of use the input feed coupling on the side of the box came apart from the box . Plugged the coupling back in , but continues to come out . The problem appears that the design of the coupling is such that it will not handle the pressure if there is a cut-off on the hose . So when I turn off the water when I move from one area to another , the coupling can not handle the pressure and shoots off , spraying water all over the box , patio , furniture ... Looking at the coupling appears it just has a flimsy plastic notch to hold onto the box - very poor design . Returned box for a refund as this appears to be a design defect inherent in all boxes . Too bad , nice concept . Also the Suncast web site has no useful info on products . :--LRB- Sigh , can someone please make a product that does n't come apart under normal use ?
 This hose reel rolls up the garden reel nice but as soon as I shut the water off at the nozzel which pressurizes the hose the main connection on the hose reel pops out and just sprays water over the side of the house . I called Suncast customer support and got voice mail that said it was no longer accepting mesages the mailbox was full . I think I 'll return it and try something else .
 I have owned 3 Suncast hose reels . All of them have failed within 3 years . The problem is a design defect of the rotary coupling . The coupling is made from cheap plastic that is a pressure fit , not a mechanical attachment of any kind . Eventually the rotary coupling fails , spraying water in all directions . I have not been able to find replacement parts .
 As with all of these plastic reels , the fitting that is on the reel that the primary hose feeds into splits and sprays water out constantly unless the valve is shut off.The reel pulls in the hose very evenly and effectively . Its also pretty easy.The other problem is that unless you fasten it to something or put heavy rocks on top , it will likely just fall over when you 're pulling your hose out.This would be a 10 if the parts that mattered were metal and did n't break , and if it did n't fall over when you pulled your hose .
 Like every other cheap plastic hose caddy I 've owned in the past , this one leaked . Plastic hose fitting threads are doomed to leak sooner or later . I 'm done wasting my money on them . Time to look for a more expensive , better-working brand .
 I bought this box about 8 months ago and it worked fine for most of that time . The box does tip over sometimes when your pulling the hose out and you get 1/2 the hose out . The box also has to sit perfectly level or the plastic twists and the lid wo n't close tightly . Also , the wind up reel and automatic winder sometimes get out of sync , which causes you to move the spindle to a place where the unit will work properly again . The worst thing about this box is that the spindle the hose wraps around is made of plastic and will break , as mine did , rendering the box useless . $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks , down the drain ! Get a metal hose winder or a more sturdy one than this piece of junk !
 The SMT200B was purchased in 2008 . It is now junk . The plastic spindle at the crank end disintegrated while reeling in the hose . The unit had been meticulously kept , emptied of all water and stored in a shed out of the weather during the winter . I could not find any warranty information about this reel with the paper work that I kept . The loss of $ 45 will not be repeated on another Suncast hose reel . Check for warranty information before you buy .
 When a company abandons the customer support department it is a clear indication that this company is on a downward slide and is headed for failure . Suncast produced a good product in the past , what a shame !
 I am very disappointment with my purchase . It is big and heavy and does not always stay in place when you pull the hose . You actually have to manually turn the hose handle to get the hose out . It does not prevent kinks in the hose . Also , you have to buy a o-ring to prevent it from leeking at the water source . I 'm only giving it two stars because it does keep the hose contained which was my main objective . This is the kind of product I suggest buying at a store so you can see it 's size first .
 I found most of the problems other reviewers noted -LRB- e.g. tipping over , hose not tracking , etc. -RRB- Now the hose wo n't even roll up because the mechanism gears do n't appear to be aligned . I 've used it very little -LRB- probably less than 8 times -RRB- before it failed . Save your money and buy something that is a better design .
 It was a good for about a month then the hose dessert starting getting stuck ... After 3 months the wheel hinges broke inside the unit and it became useless . Barely used this thing , maybe 15 times ... It was my second and last Suncast product . Stay away , these people make junk !
 Ca n't stand this thing -- it tips over if you pull the hose out over half way and the lid flys off even with the slightest breeze . It also seems to attract flies . Not worth the money
 First time i tried to use the reel , as soon as I turned on the water at the faucet , the inlet blew off and sprayed water everywhere . This is the third suncast product I have purchased and they are all terrible . I will be returnig and purchasing a new product made by any other manufacturer .
 For the 2 months I used it last summer , it worked great . I hooked it up this summer and the part where the feed hose connects to the box popped off . I tried to call Suncast and got a very nice recording from their consumer help line saying to leave a message and they 'd call me back only for it to be followed up with message that the inbox is full and they can not take my message . Next time , I 'm buying a metal one , not plastic .
 This product uses plastic hose connector couplings when it should be using brass . Heavy duty hose will not stay connected and will ruin the the cheap plastic threads .
 I agree with L Courtney , the hose reel box is a great concept but the ` flimsy ' plastic notch on the coupling will break and render the whole box useless . I recently bought a house and the prior homeowner left behind Suncast Hose Reel box.The first use , I turned on the water , nothing happened ... so I leaned up close to ` inspect ' at the exact moment the side hose disengaged and shot water in my face , soaked my hair and clothes , the deck and anything within a 8-10 ' range . Sad thing here is that I thought it must have been an operator error and the plastic coupling had not been pushed in all the way ... so I tried again . I sloshed back to the hose . I 'm rethinking the ` gift ' from the prior homeowner.Thanks to L.C. for the Water Wiggle memory ... did n't it have an upside-down yellow cup with a face ?
 Yes , this hides your hose ... but that is all it does . When winding up the hose , it often gets `` snagged '' in the mechanism on the outside of the spool inside the box . Just spent 20 minutes trying to unwind a hose that got caught there . Also , this really is n't very sturdy . You need to stabilize it in some way in order to wind up in the first place ... the light plastic just is n't strong enough to wind up a rubber hose on it 's own . Good idea . Terrible execution .
 I have had two of these now . They last about a year or two , then break . On the first one , the crank handle broke off . On the second one , the reel broke in the middle . No more for me .
 I have owned three of these hose carts and two have fallen apart within a year . I have just purchased the Jackson 2517100 all metal unit and it is rock solid and runs like a charm . Costs more but I anticipate it will be with me for many years.Jackson 2517100 Decorative Metal Deck Hose Reel With 150-Foot Hose Capacity
 This is a very expensive product . Make no mistake ; it is very loud and irritating . We have a billboard that is infested with pigeons . The system was installed at great expense . The birds flutter away every time the audio option comes on , but fly right back down once it shuts up . I do n't see any discernable results from the ultrasonic component . The product has reduced bird numbers by maybe 15 % to 25 % . Perhaps over time it will irritate nesting populations enough to drive the majority off , but that is yet to be seen . Bottom line , this is no quick fix , it is noisy , and far from fool proof . I think the claims made of this product in its description are exaggerated .
 I found out the hard way these bands do not work . I wore one on my ankle and one on my wrist . Went to a waterfall in Hawaii and got eaten alive . I think mosquitos thought it was a joke and decided to bite me a few extra times . I even had other kinds of repellants . The only one that seemed to work 1/2 way decent was the little keychain devices that emit a high pitched sonic sound . Just do n't drop them or the pitch gets louder .
 dony buy this it make you smell like buig spray and very irritant to your skin its a waste of money
 First of all , you send me a wrong item ... disappointed !!!! I order kaz/stinger Bugoff Wristband Multicolor kk4 instead you send me glow in the dark 3pcs wristband mosquito repellent . I have no time to return it , because my daughter need to bring the item to the Philippines to use . I asked her if the wristband is effective or ok , no mosquito bites ? She answered me NO ... NO ... Mommy it is NOT EFFECTIVE . I am wearing it one on my wrist and one on my ankle but still i have mosquito bites . Disappointed again . I do n't know because you send me a wrong item ok .
 Looks like I 'm not the only person who received the wrong item ! This person put a note in the box , part of which said that not to worry this one is cheaper . If I wanted this I 'd bought it off Ebay ! Do n't have time either to return as my daughter is traveling in three days ! I 'm gon na have to go out and shop for mosquito bands !
 I like the way these chimes look , including the rock base , but I have yet to hear them ring . We 've had some big storms the past few weeks , and neither wind nor rain -LRB- nor dark of night ? -RRB- has made them chime . On their looks , they get 4 stars , but on their sound they get a 1 .
 Certainly not for me ! I think it would take a Cat 3 hurricane to make them ring ! Then I thought they would chime in the rain as the cups gently fill with water . Ah , what a serene thought but , no such luck . Encore ? I 'm waiting for the first act !
 Ca n't tell you how disappointed we are with these chimes that do not chime . We have moved them , repositioned them , and have had no results . We wanted chimes , not a lawn ornament .
 I ignored the reviews of those submitted by others and learned I should n't have . I liked the design as we were go to use it at family events as a remembrance of those no longer with us . The idea being as you passed by you could ring the chimes as remembrance without words . The chimes were difficult to ring even with enough effort that you felt you needed to hold the base which resulted in a couple of clunking sounds instead of a chime . It was the first item we ever returned to Amazon .
 Great concept , however , the wires on the chimes are so stiff that I have n't heard them ring even in high wind situation . Thought maybe they were rain chimes -LRB- needed water in the cups to move -RRB- - but even the extra weight of the water wo n't make them chime . However , they are very pretty and make a nice outdoor piece .
 I have really wondered what the point was . I was given this as a gift , it said it was a wind chime . I sat it out on the deck railing where we get a fairly steady breeze throughout the year yet have never heard a single note out of it . The tines holding up the bells are just too stiff . It would take a hurricane to bang them together.Now I read from one of the other reviewers that it 's supposed to sit out in the garden and collect rain ! I 'll try it , because I was about ready to junk it . Hope it works . Would have been nice if some directions to that effect had come with it.I 'm giving it 3 stars only because I 'm holding out hope the rain routine works . . . otherwise it would be a 1 . UPDATE
 I bought this spreader last fall and have used it twice . The control lever broke the first time I used it so I contacted the company who promptly sent me a replacement . I used it again and the lever broke again . I would not recommend buying this product . Spend the extra money and buy a Scott 's brand .
 This just came and it is pretty much all plastic . The instructions are not complete or easy . Not sure I will even bother trying to figure it out .
 UPDATE : I received a call from ETI regarding my experiences with Easy Cast . Hillary was very knowledgeable and helpful . When I mixed the two products together I did so very carefully , due to the comments on the videos I watched on YouTube . Hillary said to mix less , about 3 ounces , as opposed to 8 and STIR EACH VIGOROUSLY -LRB- 2 min and then pour and 2 additional minutes -RRB- , LET SET/SETTLE , then pour . She feels that I had an uneven mixture of the ingredients . When I told her I was afraid of bubbles and mixed -LRB- more like folded -RRB- accordingly , she said a heat gun will get rid of bubbles ... BETTER NEWS ... Hillary said I could mix up a small batch and drop some into each bezel ... it would cure and harden provided I mix it more vigorously ... SHE MOST LIKELY SAVED ALL OF MY , CURRENTLY STICKY , BEZELS . I will make a final note here , after about 3 days ... Oh how I hope she was correct , my gut tells me she was !!! ----------------------------------- PREVIOUSLY : I followed the guidelines exactly ... I even watched an extensive video by an artist who uses this product . This is day 3 , 72 hours , and they are sticky to the touch !! YES , I measured exactly 1:1 , I stirred for 2 minutes with equal amounts in the first plastic cup , got a new cup and stick and stirred for another 2 minutes in the new cup . I even set the bottles in warm water to warm the solutions prior to pouring the 1 ; 1 . -LRB- the surface is perfectly clear ... -RRB- . I am very DISSATISFIED with the product . My husband and I went over my steps , over and over again and read the directions after the disaster ... IT HAD TO BE A FAULTY PRODUCT !!!!!!! I have emailed the company with the same information . HERE SITS A VERY UNHAPPY ARTIST/CUSTOMER ... WITH 65 expensive bezels I must just discard . -RRB-
 I bought this stuff and then did n't do anything with it for about six months , so it sat in its box in a closet the whole time.Finally got around to using it . Rather disappointed so far . First off , the finished product is yellow , not clear like the box says . Maybe it has to do with the age , which is why I mentioned it above . Still , 6 months and it 's no good ? How long are my finished pieces going to last?It looks like a white wine or champagne . That might sound good but it 's not ! The impression is something weathered and cheap . Do n't bother with this stuff unless you plan to use dye.Second , bubbles everywhere ! Every time ! Forget what the instructions say . Plan for bubbles on EVERY pour . Make sure you have a heat gun or blow dryer handy . Even then , I was still getting stray bubbles . I 've followed the instructions to the letter , and failing that , tried a few slight variations . Still get a few bubbles every time . At best my final pieces are going to be second-rate with this product .
 I have used a few different resin mixes and this is the worst of them all.It took 5 days to dry out to the point where it would come off the cast -LRB- it is sticky if not completely dry/hard -RRB- . The air bubbles never disappeared . Buy another brand.P.S . The product is indeed low odor .
 The description says the cushion is 4 inches thick . That 's not true . It 's less than 2 inches and veru firm .
 Do not buy - a waste of money . With shipping I paid $ 10 for a handful of spacers . The deicing kit I purchased did not spedify how many clips were included , but it includes plenty . Amazon indicated that this item was usually bundled with the purchase of the deicing kit .
 I ordered 2 of these lighters . They worked fine for a little while . One quit working entirely -LRB- no flame -RRB- , the other works only sometimes . Not worth the money .
 I have several types of finch socks they will go to the white ones but not the blackI think it 's the color and the weave !
 We have dozens of different species of birds that come to our feeder every day , especially finches . However , after hanging this out for several weeks , we have n't seen one bird come near it . This is nothing more than an empty black mesh net .
 While this is a nice blanket , and will probably work for most people , it is NOT waterproof . It is water-resistant , and will most likely keep you dry from wet grass , but if you dump water into it , water will leak through to the other side .
 I purchased several of these blankets specifically because they are suppose to be waterproof . They are not ! The smallest amount of water will seep through .
 I bought this set 2 years ago as a more economical choice compared to the Potter Barn sectionals . I love how this looks on my deck and the wood has held up very well . It is left outside , uncovered , during the winter . I do rub the wood down with Teak Oil in the spring and fall and I think this has really helped keep the wood from splitting.My biggest problem with this set is the cushions . The first time I put them out they got stained from leaves and mildewy -LRB- it was cloudy and humid , but no rain -RRB- . I took the covers off to wash them , but the stains remained . These cushions are close to a white color , my computer screen had shown them a light tan . After this initial staining , and washing , we started storing them in our shed and garage , but this takes up a lot of room . The cushions are a little on the heavy side , also , so it is chore to take them off and haul them to the storage site . I would prefer to only have to remove the cushions if a big storm is coming , not every time I am done using them . The covers fit very snug and it is VERY difficult to get them on and off , it takes over an hour to get them back on and I am usually sweating when I am done and I am in pretty good shape . After two years of trying to do this while washing them , the zippers have ripped off several . Getting ready made replacement cushions is IMPOSSIBLE . These seat cushions are way bigger than anything offered . And the back cushions have an angle to them . Amazon is finally offering a more outdoor friendly replacement but it will cost over $ 700 to replace mine , and they never have the quantity in stock that I need -LRB- three corners and two chars -RRB- , plus the colors are a little to be desired . I have taken them several places to get new covers made but the estimates have all come back over $ 1000 . So in the end , I do n't think this was as economical as I thought .
 3 problems :1 -RRB- The wood started to crack after 2 weeks .2 -RRB- I bought another piece -LRB- exact same one -RRB- a week later -LRB- because I exchange that with the corner chair . The corner chair does n't assemble -RRB- and it has different heights and wood color than the other one3 -RRB- The color of the back and sitting cushions are different . Back cushion is pure white and the sitting cushion is off white
 After assembling , the furniture looked great . Unfortunately , within days after first use the cushions were dirty and difficult to clean -LRB- unlike other cushions I have had outside -RRB- . Then within another week or so , the cushions got extremely bad mildew and needed to be tossed . Now I need to decide whether or not to buy cushions every year and worry about moving them to storage whenever they are not in use . I would not recommend you buy this furniture unless you live somewhere extremely dry . Very disappointed .
 I purchased the Strathwood Chaise , Corner , Armless and Ottoman . Although I like the look and think they will likely hold up well , the assembly was extremely aggravating . DO NOT BUY THESE IF YOU DON `` T HAVE YOUR OWN TOOLS . There were missing holes in the corner chair , so I had to drill in my own wood screws . We 'll see how it holds up . And the screws in the Ottoman did n't line up , so I was able to get 3 or the 4 legs attached , which -LRB- after messing with it for quite a while -RRB- I was relieved to even get those 3 . I will have to use wood screws to secure the other leg . The chaise was the easiest , but I still had to do some sanding -LRB- and use a rubber mallet -RRB- but finally got it to fit together . Based on the other reviewers , maybe I just got a really bad set , -LRB- or am just REALLY incapable -RRB- but I am typically pretty handy and can put stuff together easily , That is why this is so disappointing - and if you are easily aggravated , take a pass on this . Plus , Amazon sent it in FOUR shipments , even when I asked for it to be shipped in as few as possible , so the experience did n't start in the best way .
 I purchased the Balboa seating for my screened porch . I was pleased with the quality and colour of the wood , it ` s very heavy and feels sturdy . One of the problems I encountered however was that not all of the screw holes had been drill out properly making some of the screws virtually impossible to get in . But what really disappoints me is the cushions . Within a few weeks of having the furniture they were covered in mildew . Considering this is supposed to be outdoor furniture and mine is undercover it is very poor indeed . I ` m really disappointed and the mildew is proving difficult to move making the whole set look really unsightly and unusable . A big thumbs down !
 Do not buy this furniture . In July 2008 I bought a whole set , 5 armless chairs , 1 corner piece , 1 chaise and the ottoman . I spend a lot of money on it . This year when I put the furniture outside , after 2 days the cushions were moldy and dirty and it 's virtually impossible to clean them . Also , just by touching it the fabric falls apart . I contacted amazon and they came back saying that the only solution for my problem was to buy new cushions . THE NEW CUSHIONS THAT THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT ARE MORE EXPENSIVE THAN THE WHOLE PIECE OF FURNITURE . I now am the proud owner of ripped and stained furniture .
 The cushions in this set are well made , but dirty very easily . We scotchguarded them when we received the set and still had problems . Finally I removed all the covers and stained them - better than the dirty color they were becoming . The stain has faded and they look terrible now . The size is an unusual size , so the only place to buy new cushions is from the same manufacturer and they are VERY expensive . I would not buy this set again .
 I bought 6 of these chairs and they all arrived damaged . The wood was split where the 2 pieces were supposed to be attached . I have been a loyal amazon customer for years . This was and is my last purchase . What a waste of time . Should have just gone with a retail store in the first place . Amazon should not sell products that they do not know how to ship . There were no packing peanuts or bubble used to protect the product at all . I am very disappointed . Amazon Frustration Free Packing really means cheap packing materials with no protection !
 We had been looking for a patio `` sectional '' and were on the verge of paying much , much more . When the furniture arrived -LRB- in its 70 # boxes -RRB- , there were a few dings in a couple of pieces . I was n't excited about shipping back the heavy freight , so I took some pictures and called Amazon . We made a deal we could both live with . The new furniture looks WONDERFUL . I would have preferred more cushion color choices , but we Scotch Guarded the light color and we 'll see how it goes . VERY , VERY happy.UPDATE
 I bought the Balboa Chaise , corner chair and chair and ottoman for my deck last spring . This should definitely be marked as indoor furniture . The cushions are completely ruined . I put them on my deck and after a month or so they began to get stained and started growing mildew . I called Amazon and they sent replacement cushions . I then put the new ones on and what do you know , the same thing happened again . They covers are next to impossible to get off to even try and bleach and wash . I am really disappointed and angry that I wasted over $ 1000 on the patio furniture . I will never make that mistake again . I am now on the search of cushions at other stores that will fit this collection ... BUYERS BEWARE . Make sure that if you buy this , you have it in a covered patio , gazebo , sunroom or something were the rain will not get to it .
 I thought I would get lucky and get one that fit together , but it was not to be . I got almost completely done with the assembly , but then , trying to fit the last piece , the hole was 1/4 '' too far away from the slat that had to go into it . I do n't want to screw it up , so I will need to buy a router bit for my drill and try to shave the right amount off . I am not sure how this will affect the way the bolts go in though.Also , despite this comment in Amazon 's description -- `` The chair offers a gently angled seat back on which to recline . '' -- this chaise DOES NOT RECLINE ! So it 's pretty useless for lying in the sun to get a tan , which is why I bought it for my wife . She 's disappointed , I have an unassembled chair on my floor , and I have a woodworking project tomorrow.I 'm too lazy to take it back apart , box it up , and ship it back , or I would do that.I wo n't buy furniture from Amazon again.Loyd
 I ordered this unit for a large project scheduled last weekend , and of course wanted something worth keeping for future use . When it arrived , I was sure to read the manual before assembling the thing -LRB- seemed simple enough -RRB- and followed all instructions for the initial use . When I went to turn it on , the GFCI plug instantly tripped , not allowing the elec motor to start . I tried several times to reset the plug/breaker , and tried in 2 diff outlets that I know are grounded.Frustrated , I called the help line on the manual and found no real help , other than being told it could be repaired under warranty if I wanted to ship it to them . Who wants to pay for shipping on a brand new 50 lb item ? Not me ! Luckily Amazons on-line return procedure worked well and it is on the way back to them for my -LRB- speedy ? -RRB- refund with no addl shipping costs . I could not wait on an exchange , and didnt know if I wanted another AR product anyway . Went to Home Depot to get a 1600 psi 1.8 gpm unit -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- that worked well right out of the box , with the same kind of GFCI plug in those same outlets . The cord , by the way , on this AR TRX is a FIVE -LRB- 5 -RRB- foot cord , not 30 foot like in the description . This is an important detail since they strongly suggest not using an ext cord.I rated 2 stars rather than 1/minimum since the product seemed more sturdy than most electric washers , with brass rather than plastic connections , and liked the idea of a pressure control valve and guage . Very heavy duty unit , but that means nothing if the thing does n't power up and run ! Disapointing to say the least .
 This product arrived with the case broken . Amazon nicely tried to send it to me two more times but each time it arrived damaged . It appears to be a quality unit and other reviewers confirm that it is . The problem is that it is very heavy and poorly packaged by the manufacturer . There is only one piece of crumpled-up paper around the unit and everything is beat up during shipping . I was told by Amazon that they are going to demand that the manufacturer come up with a better packing system .
 I did n't think it would happen to me , but it did . Several previous reviews mentioned the condition the item arrived in and I regret to report the same . I waited forever for this unit and it arrived like it had been packaged by a 5 year old . I knew by the condition of the box that it was going to be a bad day . The miscellaneous parts and connectors were strewn all over the inside , and the case was broken in a couple of places , making it impossible to lift the unit by the handle . Anyway , I returned it immediately and will not try again . Next time I will listen to the reviews !
 Based on your reviews I ordered one of these as it seems to have the balance of adequate power , versatility , quietness and is not a toy like many of the other electrical pressure washers . However , like one other reviewer , mine arrived poorly packaged and the casing was significantly cracked . It also looked if it had been harshly teated - quite scuffed . I would not be at all surprised if it has been sent out several times . Perhaps I will get a good one next time as I 've requested a replacment - return postage USPS cost $ 65 . 2 days later - Would you believe it - replacement has arrived even more damaged than the first in exactly the same place - casing cracked so much that the handle is falling off . Arrived with absolutely no padding in a plain white box . The full weight of this 66lb metal brick must have rattled around causing the damage . I am very frustrated - now asking for refund - as the product itself seems robust and powerful . Hopefully Amazon will be equally upset by the $ 120 shipping they have fruitlessly incurred .
 After single a month of using it -LRB- hanging in the balcony -RRB- , the entire silver-plated part peeled away leaving the plastic base . Very bad quality !!! .
 This pressure washer turned out to be a dudd . We received the item in April and did not take it out of the box until the summer . It was brought to clean brick and vinyl siding . The machine could not build up enough pressure to even wash a car let along brick or vinyl .
 I bought this mower when it first came out , and was happy to spend the extra dough not to have to spill gas and oil , and not to have a cord dragging behind . I used it for about a year and a half than stored it for a while , and when I brought it out of stoarage it worked for about an hour and than just quit , never to run again . I opened it up to see if it was just a short or something easy , and it turns out that in the process of taking the top cover off , the wires are so short it bends the circiut board . I swear they make it like that . Also a friend of mine had one that quit in the same manner , which suggests that there is a trend . When it does mow , it does fairly well , because of the slower blade speed , you have to mow more frequently , if the grass gets to high , it will leave a lot sticking up . All in all I do n't think I 'm going to buy another one .
 First off , the unit -LRB- I received -RRB- is rated at only 1400PSI/1 .7 GPM -LRB- according to the label on the unit itself -RRB- , unlike the advertised 1600PSI/1 .8 GPM . Had I known that , I would not have bought it in the first place . Secondly , the unit arrived damaged . -LRB- The box itself had no visible signs of damage , making me believe it was damaged before it was shipped ? -RRB- A corner of the cheaply-constructed plastic base was broken off , making it almost impossible for the unit to stand upright on its own now.It comes with an adjustable spray head , having a high/low pressure setting . Although on the ` low ' setting , the water barely trickles out , making it relatively useless for anything other than watering plants , at best . During operation , the water pressure will sometimes ` fade ' in and out . The incoming water pressure is constant , so I 'm guessing the unit itself has trouble regulating the outgoing water pressure . -LRB- I gave it 2 stars instead of only 1 because technically , it does work , though not that well . It 's just not what it was advertised to be , with regards to PSI -RRB- The ` instruction manual ' is a joke , at best . It 's as difficult to follow as any other ` translated to English by a non-English speaking translator ' manual ! You 're better off tossing it in the trash and figuring out what-does-what and what-goes-where on your own . -LRB- It 's pretty easy to assemble/operate it anyhow -RRB- Overall , I 'd recommend going with a different brand , like Karcher perhaps . If you 're looking for a 1600PSI washer , this one , literally , is n't for you . Even if you 're willing to settle for less power , you can find other 1400PSI washers out there for a lot less money . Do n't waste your time on this one .
 I purchased this pressure washer and was very disappointed . I put alot of faith in the PM magazine review.This pressure washer would have trouble blasting the icing off a cake ! It 's way underpowered . Given it 's size and weight I can only assume that instead of a powerful pump there might just be bricks inside the case.I bought the Karcher M397 , it 's smaller , less money , but it puts out more power . STAY AWAY FROM THE AR EXTREME . You will be Extremely disappointed .
 After waiting for this machine for about 5 weeks , it finally arrived . I was very excited and started to use it immediately.After about one hour it stopped working . It continues to pop the circut breaker on the plug . I guess it is defective , so tomorrow I am going to UPS and return the product . It works OK when it works , but one hour is not enough ... I think I will buy a machine I can have in a matter of days , not weeks . . Sorry , not a happy camper . . Richard
 Was shipped quickly . Box had no damaged but when I took the unit out the hard plastic case was clearly damaged . It was cracked and pieces were laying in the box . The plastic piece used to wrap the cord around was broken off and the section where you attached the handle looked like somebody hit it with a big hammer and knocked a hole it it . Had to have been done at the factory . Terrible quality control . Amazon accepted the return .
 The plant has not grown since I received it and planted it . It was planted a nice mixture of planting soil , compost and peat moss . It is getting a sufficient amount of both sun and water . Yet no response . Very disappointed and unimpressed ! Any suggestions ?
 I 've just returned my second B&D string trimmer for the same mechanical problem -- the spool flies off while in use . The grooves holding the spool onto the drive shaft eventually strip . I used this product approximately twice a month during the grass-cutting season -LRB- March through October -RRB- ... not heavy use in my opinion . I can only recommend that you not waste your time on this product .
 The metal left hand grip is attached to the handle with a flimsy plastic part that breaks from the vibrations of normal use . Mine broke after about 3 years of infrequent use in the Northeast . I stored the unit in a dark garage , so UV could not have been a factor . They should have named it `` Glass Hog '' instead of `` Grass Hog '' . The time and effort required to replace the part , plus the cost of the part plus shipping , makes it uneconomic to repair the trimmer . Black & Decker design their products to last for the 2-year warranty period but not much more .
 Ordered 4 of these cushions and each one is different . The side trim around the cushion is different on each one . One striped , one all black , one grey and one white . No wonder there on special ...
 I can take a joke about my religion or ethnicity , but this is just sick and in bad taste .
 what a shame that there is such racism and hatred still in America . Have you no other products to sell that dont classify an entire race with a single group ? educate yourself please this sign is not humorous by any means .
 4 way connect difficult to use and the switches that direct the flow never really close so they always leak . Valve ca n't handle drip pressure and REALLY leak . A complete bust . Still marching ahead on my search for decent in-line valve/timers . No luck yet .
 Pros - Easy to programConfigurable and expandableCons -3 our of 4 major components were defective -LRB- see long winded comments below -RRB- === I like the concept of this watering system , but it 's not working out very well for me . It seems that I received a kit that had every problem you could possibly have , short of the thing not turning on at all . I installed and programmed it easily enough , but immediately found that the manifold leaked out of the third on/off lever . I was excited to get this working , so I went to HD and purchased a new Orbit 4 station manifold for 15 bucks . This manifold was much higher quality than the one supplied in the kit , however , it had a hairline leak near a welding spot on the back of the unit . After exchanging that manifold , I was back in business but was sure to leave a large casserole dish underneath the unit to detect leaks if they were present.I had programmed the station timer to run one valve for 60 minutes at 5:30 AM every two days . Attached to this valve was a 25 psi regulator and backflow valve with fifteen 1/2 gph micro drip irrigation dippers spread across 30 feet of 1/4 inch irrigation tubing . These drippers were supplying water to 15 shrubs located two feet from my house . After a couple of days , I entered my crawlspace to find portion of the ground flooded near the foundation of the house . I chalked this up to setting the timer too often and to run for too long , plus loose soil conditions near the foundation . I then modified the station timer to run for only 30 minutes every three days.Two weeks later , I noticed that the my high tech leak detection system -LRB- the casserole dish -RRB- had identified a malfunction ... it was full of water . Upon inspection , I found that water was leaking out of a hole in the bottom of the plastic valve . I replaced the washer inside the valve to be clear that this was not the problem -LRB- it was n't -RRB- and replaced the valve with the second valve that came with the kit . The leaking stopped.A day later , I tried to set the timing station to run manually . The low batter indicator was flashing off an on and the station 's buttons were not working correctly . Low/dead batteries after 2.5 weeks ? I replaced the batteries only to find that the battery indicator still showed bad batteries . After a few minutes , the battery indicator looked to be normal again . Chalked this up to a problem with the unit being hot from the sun and bringing it inside cooled it off . However , the buttons all worked , but I could no longer hold down the buttons to set the time without pressing the button one time for every minute . So now I 've had it and uninstalled the entire thing and planned to send it back to Amazon . Not so fast ... my return window had elapsed.A day or two later , I thought I would give it another look and found that the buttons were working again . I decided to give it one more shot and re-programmed and re-installed the thing . I set it to run manually for 30 minutes to test it out . The next morning , it was still running , though the lcd screen said that was back in Auto mode.I then set the station timer to run for 1 minute in manual mode , waited 2 minutes , waited 5 minutes and the thing was still running . Now I know why my crawlspace was flooded . The thing turns on , but does n't always turn off.This thing is bad news : Defective manifoldDefective valve -LRB- 1 out of 2 aint bad -RRB- Defective station timerI wish I could return this , but it 's too late . I 've got an email into Orbit support . I hope they 'll replace everything . I hear they have great support , so we 'll see how it goes .
 This would be a great timer EXCEPT that all four outlets have to run on the same cycle . You can set the length of time that each outlet stays open , but if you want one outlet to run every day -LRB- to water potted plants -RRB- , then ALL outlets have to run every day . That means that lawns and flower gardens , which should only be watered once or twice a week , get overwatered or get just a light watering every day , neither of which is good.I 'm taking mine back .
 Both me and my ex girlfriend bought one of these kits for our lawns . -LRB- We live in the Northeast -RRB- Both control units crapped out in one season , so this spring I have to purchase some other means of a timer for the lawn . -LRB- Yes we tried fresh batteries -RRB- Although four channels are available on the timer , the kit only comes with two valves and mine did not want to operate separately even though you can control the valves separately via channel -LRB- 1-4 -RRB- and time ?? - Apparently not simultaneously but in succession.The controller -LRB- timer -RRB- is not all that user friendly and may confuse a typical baby boomer with minimal electronics exposure.I would not purchase this kit a second time .
 After trying three different sets , I can confirm there are serious technical problems with this system . The design is great , but every set I have tried has failed in some way or another within 30 days . One type of problem is with the display -- the display fails -LRB- letters/numbers become unreadable or the flashing stops so you do n't know what you 're setting -RRB- . Another problem is with the valves -- they stop working after a few weeks of use . You 'll know this because they emit a medium-pitched hum when the controller tries to turn them on -LRB- then the value does n't open -RRB- . This happened to five of the values across the three sets I tried .
 This did not work for me at all . I did n't find it difficult to program , but one of the valves in the four-way splitter had a slow drip , and both of the valves never completely shut off . In fact , I could n't get them to shut off at all with the ball valves in the four-way splitter all the way open . Once I turned the water down enough for the shut-off to work , they dripped like crazy.I believe my water pressure is high , but I do n't experience problems with anything else hooked into it.I 'm taking this right back to the hardware store and will search for something else . Consider getting something a bit more solidly put together . I know I am .
 To sum up , the following variables will be THE SAME for all four stations
 The `` 4 independent valves '' are misleading . This system operates on all 4 valves at the same time ONLY . It DOES NOT allow you to water different areas of your yard/garden on different days for set times . All valves will come on at the same time for variable duration . This is not a product I can use . I am returning it , very disappointing especially considering the COST .
 I saw this at Costco but was reluctant to try it out for several reasons . First of all , most of my watering stations require only one or at most two connections , while the rest would be wasted . Second , the control units connect to the valves by means of very light cord and miniature phone jacks , subject to corrosion and relatively easily damaged compared to the typical self-contained units by other mfrsNonetheless I finally broke down and bought one . It appears sturdy and well made , but read on . However , it is exceptionally hard to program , while the instructions are confusing and equivocalMaximum `` on '' time for a single watering is only 99 minutes , not long enough where infrequent but deep penetration is required , for instance , in a desert installationTwo stations -LRB- or up to four if you buy extra valves -RRB- can be set to come on for different durations but as noted in many other reviews they all come on at the same time , not a practical feature where , for instance , the stations require a high flow rate but a minimum pressure has to be maintainedAs noted by at least one other user , the system has an apparent design flaw in which occasionally the water does n't come on at the appointed time but instead the valve goes into a kind of vibratory mode . This fault alone is sufficient reason to reject the unit if not every Orbit productAfter encountering the foregoing difficulty I would have downgraded my two-star rating to zero if I could figure out how
 This worked well for two years but valves quit working with no warning other than dried out plants . The valves must be treated as short term throwaways . It may not be worth risking your plants to this .
 The concept of this timer is great -- A four station timer that you can quickly put together with Garden Hoses . The problem is that only two stations are included and the additional stations are almost impossible to get . As of this writing Amazon sells the two station kit but not the parts that you need to complete the system.You can find the parts on-line but they are always `` out of stock '' . The local hardware store tried a special order but the company ca n't even give a date when the additional stations will become available.If you are trying to build a 2 station system this is an expensive alternative , if you are trying to build a 4 station system you will not be able to complete the project unless you buy another base kit . This product is a bait and switch .
 Installation was very easy with the included manifold and the valves fit perfectly onto the manifold itself . I ended up buying two systems.However , the valves open only unreliably so keeping a seed bed damp in a new lawn is impossible . Offhand , five of eight valves open reliably , three of eight open only one time in three.The timespan between a valve closing and another -LRB- or the same one -RRB- opening is around 90 seconds . When the valve does not open , the reset time is similar . This equals a lot of time waiting for a valve that wo n't open.I 've also had trouble with the displays blanking out if they get damp -LRB- not wet , just damp -RRB- . This requires resetting the entire system and reprogramming time , day , and schedules.All in all , this system disappoints for its price .
 It is a nice system and easy to put together . It is not quite durable valve to last . It sometimes stopped working or leaks the water after it shuts off by the timer . The timer is much more durable but the programing is hard to follows and is confusing in the most of the schedule . Hopes it help you with your watering . I would suggest the permanent water valves and set it up with the plug in timer instead .
 It does do 4 hoses ... with the purchase of extra valves ... BUT it truely does NOT take care of 4 different stations that require different frequencey of watering . If you are only doing lawns or flower beds you are ok ... but we have lawns AND flower beds AND , planter boxes . You ca n't have a `` weds '' program different from `` saturday '' program . Every day must be the same . It would n't have been that hard when they designed the chip to make it so that each station could have it 's own program . Sorry going back to my Melnor ... 4 timers , one each hose ...
 The level of functionality is a bit more than I needed but I purchased this timer because I liked the all-in-one packaging . Setting up the timer was a bit more complex than it should have been but the device did a fine job for a few weeks . Then the LCD screen started to lose some digits and became very difficult to read and control . Batteries were being used like crazy -LRB- 3 AA 's every two weeks -RRB- and some of the modes are now useless . Going to the trash ...
 I wish I had read reviews before purchasing this worthless piece of junk . I did manage to order another valve , but had to spend a lot of time finding one online , no retailer had them on the shelf . The concept is great , execution is horrible . As others have noted , there is no programming different valves to run on different schedules . If you set it to run Tuesday , all valves run on Tuesday . No way to set the lawn valve to run on Sun , Weds & Friday while your hedge or planters run only on Thursday . Battery life is atrocious . I had to replace the batteries constantly . Numbers would start to fail to display even with new batteries . Valves would open and then fail to shut at the end of the cycle - I watered my front lawn for 8 hours one Saturday because the valve failed to close and we had gone out to the fair for the day . This is one of those products that should have been so right but turns out to be soooo wrong . I 'm buying single station controllers from DIG corp to replace the Orbit unit . Such a disappointment .
 On the surface , this looked to be an ideal solution for controlling the three separate sprinklers that I need for my side and back yard . It quickly became apparent that there are some serious quality control issues with this kit.Within a week of installing it one of the valves began to `` sing . '' No water was flowing through it but it was resonating throughout the whole house . I called Orbit 's customer service department and they sent out a replacement that arrived within about a week or so . A second valve has subsequently failed . The original 4-port manifold leaked badly and one of the ports would n't open , requiring me to replace it with a better-quality model.What 's worse , however , is the ridiculously short life I 'm getting from the batteries . One set of three AA batteries will last only about 2 weeks . Upon replacement , I have to reprogram the entire system over from scratch . By contrast , the two-valve Melnor system that this device was to replace will give me two years ' service from four AAs . I have no problem replacing batteries once or twice a growing season , but NOT every two weeks and especially not when it comes to having to re-program a complex watering program from scratch.I will also echo the other complaints about not being able to program the individual valves for different days/times . This does n't sound like rocket science - to have a timed system that opens and closes 4 valves when you want them to open and close , yet nobody has successfully implemented it that I can find . I 'm almost afraid to consider an irrigation system if timers are this unreliable .
 Should have played safe and gone by the negative reviews of this product . But the concept of having one timer control 2 valves with the possibility of expanding to 4 valves appealed to me . Unfortunately one of the valves leaked and was defective . Also , the threaded hose connectors on the brass manifold come off too easily when removing a valve or a hose . The whole thing leaked badly . The DIG timer -LRB- model 9001D -RRB- is way much better in both design and quality . I installed two DIG timers on a plastic manifold from my local hardware store with no leaks whatsoever on the first try . And the DIG is much easier to program and use .
 i ordered it on the 5th and now its the 19th ... . must be coming from china by row boat . i will never order anything from amazon again.last time i paid 19.00 for 2 day , and it came 4 days late , do to airplane delay , put gas in the tank ... . bob
 While the valve system seems not to limit the flow as much as some other water timers , nowhere on the package nor in the instructions does it tell you that in only works by running each of the 4 stations sequentially ! I had to call the place I bought it from to learn this . The only thing you can set independently for each station is the on time duration ; in all cases , it has to run first station 1 , then station 2 , then station 3 , then station 4 ; No independent start times for each station.Think you 're gon na turn on one station manually ? It 's gon na take you a ridiculous number of button pushes for EACH of the following :1 -RRB- find your way into manual on mode2 -RRB- select the station3 -RRB- set the on time -LRB- at least you can set it from 1 - 99 minutes -RRB- Not to Orbit - PLEASE FIRE YOUR PROGRAMMER ! He must be an office temp with a bad attitude.Note to Home Depot - STOP selling this junk . You do your customers nor your reputation no favors
 I have had three of these Orbit timers . They were the `` best '' I could find at the local hardware . All have failed within a few weeks . I bought two at ACE ; took one back immediately because it leaked ; got a replacement . After a few weeks both the replacement and the other original purchase just quit working . A third one worked for about a year but I had to replace the batteries every couple months . I will not by Orbit again .
 What it is
 We purchased a unit last year to water our back yard -LRB- due to severe watering restrictions which made us water between 12am and 4am -RRB- . Bought two extra units to have four watering lines . Not overly difficult to set up , and get to run accurately . But , and it is a big but , it will break within -LRB- or less than -RRB- one year . All four of the valves consistently leak due to the pressure of the hose being on -LRB- wasting a ton of water -RRB- . They just do not hold up , and are not worth the money . Bought another unit this spring , within one week , unit now leaks . Bottom line , do n't buy ...
 I 've had one of these now for the past year , and fertilized about 6-7 times with it . Construction on this seems fine , but I have two major issues with it : First , the Edgeguard does n't work with the handle after the first few weeks . I need to physically reach down and slide it back and forthThat in itself is n't a big deal , but the next piece that is aggravating is that it does n't spread evenly . This puts out more fertilizer to the left than the right . I follow the 50 % / 2x pattern , which means when I fertilize I cut in half the spread setting and go in two directions . I takes twice as long , but it 's the only way I can make sure I dont miss any areas.I end up with a checkerboard pattern . Not `` extreme '' mind you , as fertilizer is getting there , but it is noticeable . This sprays more fertilizer to the left than the right -LRB- Yes , the EdgeGuard is off -RRB- . So when I travel UP my yard and then come back DOWN again , I end up with an area that is recieving less fertilizer.I 'm not sure if I just have a bad version or what . I 'm going to try to exchange it for another one . So far though , I 'm not particularly pleased with this .
 I 've had this product for around 5 months now and have had all of the problems described in other reviews . EdgeGuard does n't work after first few weeks , shoots more to the left than to the right and does n't stop distributing the fertilizer when you release the handle . I 'm sorry to say it but DO NOT buy this one .
 I 'm here on Amazon looking for a different spreader after I bought this one from Home Depot yesterday . I used it today and it has to be the flimsiest piece of junk I 've ever used . The main problem , other than how cheap it is , is that the fertilizer flow does not stop after you release the handle . This spreader replaced a Scott 's Speedy Green that broke while I was using it . At least that lasted a few years but eventually a plastic piece that controls the discharge opening broke . I would say that if you do your own fertilizing a few times a year that you look for something better made . I thought Scott 's used to stand for something .
 bot this @ home depot -LRB- first mistake -RRB- , spread one bag , loaded another and hit a little clump of grass and the handle fell apart at the joint , non repairable . Called Scotts , they told me to send the control cable to them and they will refund my total purchase price . I think they were beyond fair but the product is no good
 I went throught two of these and they booth fell apart . Gears for spreader just fall apart and wheels constantly jam . Plastic components just cant handle any type of weight in hopper .
 i found edgeguard flap mechanism broke after a couple of uses . I now need to pull it open and closed manually . It 's pretty annoying . I 've also noticed it spreads somewhat unevenly to the left even with guard pulled back.the edgeguard flap mechanism appears very flimsy and cheaply made . I would get another , but I expect that none of the flaps are very reliable on this model.Home depot or lowes didnt have a spreader other than this that had a retractable `` edgeguard '' flap , which i like because it keeps fertilizer off flower beds and bushes and driveways.The fertilizer drop door mechanism has held up however and the fertilizer doesnt clump . I was disappointed in the quality of this product
 Bought this spreader at Lowes after our old Scott 's finally broke . This is a piece of junk . I puts out SO MUCH fertilizer even at the lowest setting . It put over 30,000 sq ft of fertilizers when it I should have covered the ground with 10,000 sq ft. Basically , I spent -LRB- ... -RRB- in fertilizers when it should have been enough with -LRB- ... -RRB- . The minimum setting is 2 and it spits our more fertilizer than my old one in a 10 . Two is the lowest setting . Do not buy this piece of junk . You will regret it . It also spreads more fertilizer on one side than the other . Bad all around !!!
 For the price , this spreader is very poor . After using it three times , two last fall and once this spring , the unit broke . Do n't buy it .
 I have had this unit -LRB- except with pneumatic tires -RRB- for three years now and I will be recycling it after today . As I was spreading fertilizer this morning it quit working , again . The spreader part that slings the fertilizer was not spinning even though the shafts/wheels were turning . It is all plastic except for the flimsy bolt together handles and it just can not take the weight and is not easy to push on even the slightest hill or bumpy section of a yard . Maybe if you have a small , flat , perfectly smooth yard , this would be fine for light use . Also , every time I used it , I thoroughly cleaned it to prevent the fertilizer , lime , or other granular products I may have used -LRB- never salt or deicing compound -RRB- from caking up or damaging anything ; this did not help in the long run . I have had all of the problems other reviewers have mentioned and had to disassemble it last year and grease the plastic parts in the rotary part to keep them spinning and working . Today , the left wheel shaft kept coming out of the gear box . I am now looking to buy a pro level unit such as the scotts professional which is made by anderson products or maybe an earthway pro model . Save your money and buy a better quality unit first .
 Edge guard broken after a few uses . Does n't spread evenly . Very poor quality for a Scotts product . Buy something else .
 I used this twice and then the gear box came apart ; if I could give this a < one star I would . If Scotts -LRB- IMHO -RRB- wants a reputation as a reliable company , then they should sell reliable items . This is not a reliable machine . Do yourself a favor , spend the extra money and buy a speader with an exposed METAL gear and decent tires . I did n't , and I will now have to pay the extra $ $ $ for a good spreader , on top of what I paid for this one . Scotts needs to walk down to their engineering/R & D department and clean house .
 The picture clearly shows an inline dripper , what was actually sent was an online dripper , the difference being that only one side is barbed and can not be used to string a line with 1/4 '' dripper tube . Buyer beware ! I took the 2 packages I received to my local hardware store and fortunately they sell the same brand and I was able to exchange them for the ones pictured .
 Purchased this brass manifold about 6 months ago , but have to trash it now . Outside is sturdy enough but the ball valves inside are made of chromed pot-metal . It only took some months before the chrome separated from the pot-metal and the ball valves corroded . It 's just more imported junk made to look from the outside like a quality product , assembled with inferior interior components .
 This tent is not designed for the rain , instead of running off it collects on the top . If left unattended , it pools up until the poles bend and the entire this collapes unrepairable .
 I recently purchased this item and with the first nite of rainfall ... it crashed down . The cheap metal sides were bent and it became useless . A waste of over three hundred dollars !
 I only got 4 openings out of this frame . It was difficult from the start and by the 4th time almost every one of the joints that did not have a support backet on both sides were bent . Unfortunately , I did not buy from Amazon and I 'm getting no response on my warranty .
 If you are simply looking for a quick set up craft tent that absolutely must come down each night and be packed away till the next craft show , well then this might be it . IT is definitely water proof , which is a blessing and a curse . The structure can not hold the weight of the water in a flash rain . The canopy being fully water proof POOLS this excess rain water in giant swags in the roof canopy that you have to push up on with a mop to empty the flow . So the one time we were not attending the tent , had it up over night so we could set up the next morning , a flash storm blew through , heavy rain . The rain become so heavy that the weight imploded the structure . -LRB- I have pictures if anyone is interested . -RRB- Ruined so much art stuff . Broke shelves in half , The pins from the structure actually bent in half ! It was just a heap of metal . Nothing could be saved but the fabric . Nothing . So read the warranty . You are not allowed to leave this tent up . This is NOT a professional grade tent . EXTREMELY disappointed as I 'd won a art grant to pay for it for my art shows . sad .
 In the Product features it says that it includes a roller bag and 4 pack sidewalls -LRB- 3 standard and 1 mid zip -RRB- BEWARE there are no sidewalls included . Amazon is selling something that it does n't really include . The ez-up is great but what I bought is n't what I got.Product FeaturesColor
 After reading the reviews I started to look around for an alternative to the Babies R Us hammock . I found a great hammock that looks more sturdy at www.greatbabyproducts.com . It is only $ 11.95 plus shipping . It is held on the wall in three places and looks to much more heavy duty . At least it is worth looking into .
 We bought this because the area we needed to stretch it across was a mere 6 feet . Perfect ! With room for slack !! When we got it home , we realized with horror that it could not reach across ! So we decided to stretch it out . I bench press 250 pounds , and with my full strength , it stretched out to a whopping 5 feet , 8 inches . If you need the full 7 feet or even just 5 feet , 9 inches , DO N'T waste your time !!
 Does n't hang well on the wall . It was difficult to secure . Works OK , especially for something you do n't want to spend a lot of $ $ on .
 I thought I could use it in the bathroom to hang bath toys ... only for wall instillation ... we returned it !
 I attempted to purchase this item at a local Toys R Us location recently , but was told at checkout that the product could not be sold because it was recalled . I then did a search for similar products online and found this same exact item for sale here . I received the product today and it is the exact same one that was recalled . I have no information on the details of this recall , but please do not purchase this product !!!
 I ordered this hammock for my sons room and assumed I would be getting a white one . Instead I was sent a pink one . I have four sons and no daughters so this item is completely useless to me . I feel that a color option is a necessity , especially when it comes to decorating a childs room . So unless you do n't care what color you get you should find another place to buy this item .
 I had used a jumbo toy hammock for my children 's stuffed animals in our old house and , when we moved , was looking to replace it . I found this and expected one as pictured . I should have read the text further as it does say colors vary . We ended up with blue which does not work with my daughter 's pink and yellow room . Great product for getting all those stuffed animals up and away but they REALLY need to have a color option .
 I saw a picture of this hammock and knew it was exactly what I had been looking for ... I wish I would have read the description and reviews ! When I recieved it , one was blue with white trim and the other white with pink trim . I have two boys so the pink definetly did not work and the blue was not what I wanted . I assumed from the picture I was getting white when there was no color choice . When I got online to send them back I checked again about color and then saw and read the other reviews . Color should be an option or it should be better stated that you never know what color you may get . L.F.
 I eagerly awaited the arrival of my Jumbo Toy Hammock , it was going to hold my children 's stuffed animals and FINALLY get them off of the floor and into one centralized location . When we got the hammocks we found that they did n't hold very much , they were not very useful in the corner position and when we hung them from the ceiling they only held a few items . Needless to say we -LRB- both my children and I -RRB- were very disappointed . I would not recommend this product if you have more than three or four small to medium stuffed animals as it will not hold the weight . I also did not realize that it came in different colors and we received two seperate colors which did not go with the decor in the rooms .
 I had to return this item because it came in purple and my boys bedroom is green . When I called amazon about getting a white hammock , they told me it was not possible , they just send out what they have . I think a color choice should be an added feature for better customer satisfaction . I was not happy about this at all .
 I learned that the hard way , the one I got is purple . I think it stinks that they picture a white one and way down below put `` colors my vary '' . The hammock itself seems ok but I would have never ordered it if I knew I was going to get a hideous purple one .
 It hangs strangely on the wall and can hold approximately 1/64th of the stuffed animals my children have . May be useful for a very small collection of beanie babies . I was expecting something more that would help organize the mound of stuffed animals my kids have accumulated . Turns out that a garbage bag and a trip to Goodwill did the trick .
 I went with the picture and got jipped . I received a pink hammock for my son . And I 'd call it LARGE , not jumbo .
 I wanted to give this product 0 stars but that was n't an option . I was reading the reviews of this product , and noticed that some were wondering why other types of these hammocks had been recalled . It might be because there have been deaths involved with these types of toy hammocks . A lady I work with lost her son in a tragic accident involving a hammock similar to this one . It was hanging in the corner of the room , not above anything her son could climb on to get to it . However , somehow he managed to climb up in the hammock and died when it did not give way -LRB- because of the sturdy wall anchors -RRB- . He was 2 . She said there were only 2 other cases of this happening in the United States . I thought about getting this product for my own daughter 's stuff animals , but am now thinking that it 's not worth risking her life .
 Nozzle color was on the base not the top part as in the picture , so you are unable to know what size it is when installed . Had to return for full credit , Amazon makes that easy , 5 stars on returns .
 Buyer beware ! After being a good customer of Amazon 's for many years and never having a problem , they sure dropped the ball on this one ! The grill shipment was delayed so many times I never got it . When I requested a refund , they refused it . I am still out of pocket $ 500 and never got the grill ! Notice how Amazon does n't list their customer service telephone number anywhere ? If you have a problem with shipment or delivery , good luck . I have 13 e-mail responses to date from Amazon saying they are working on it and it 's been well over a month ... time to call my credit card company . My advice - the grill costs less at your local `` big box '' store and it 's already assembled .
 I ca n't tell you anything about the grill because it has taken Amazon for ever to deliver it !! I ordered it on June 11 , they said it was in stock and should be shipped in 1-2 days . Sounded good to me . Yeah right . Ok , so first thing that happens is that when I ordered it , the order page says that it is ` being prepared for shipping and can not be cancelled ' . That was ok at first . But then the date of when it will be delivered suddenly became 10 days later ! I ordered it as a Father 's day gift , but now it was coming at least a week later . And to make things worse , I can NOT cancel the order because it is ` being prepared for shipping ' whatever that means . I try to find out what that means via an email from their help page . That did not help at all . `` Sorry but the item is being prepared for shipping '' A second email got essentially the same reply.So , I ordered it on the 11th , they initially said it would be shipped within two days with about 5 work days for delivery . Then they estimated at June 20-23 delivery date . Well , it did n't ship until the 22nd and arrived the 29th of June , 18 days after I ordered it . Perhaps I am asking too much , but all I really wanted was a chance to cancel the order and buy it somewhere else . There seems to be no way to make this happen . This ` being prepared for shipping ' is a joke . Not being able to cancel the order is a joke . I have had no problems with books etc , but NEVER BUY A LARGE DELIVERY ITEM FROM AMAZON !!!! Chris
 This is the second try at buying a grill from Weber as a mfr and the first dealing with Amazon . Both grills from Weber were packaged badly and arrived defectively . Amazon has been a nightmare to deal with to return it - after maybe 20 emails and calls still can not get them to pick the damn thing up . Hated the entire experience , which is not yet resolved going on three months later !
 Even as I write this my wife is cooking what we wanted to cook on the grill , on our stove . This is the second time my Genesis Silver has been unable to get a good flame going . The tank is full and the flame is low . A few months ago a repair person came our and told us that there was a clog in the gas line . Once cleared it worked fine for a few weeks , but now , back at it . I was happy initially with the product . It has held up well to the elements and looks pretty good now two years later , but if it does n't work what is the point .
 One reviewer wrote they wished they had read reviews before buying . I ca n't believe the favorable responses this product has received . If you are of short stature and you only average a couple of inches of snow , this scoop may get you by . Otherwise , consider other scoops on the market that are much better both in capacity and ergonomics . The following are some examples
 Well , it looks good , right ? Big wide mouth to gather up the snow . However , there is a reason old fashioned snow shovels were made as they were
 I tried this product and another type of pusher that had a small wheel under the front edge . The problem with them , is when the snow is heavy or deep you cant -LRB- like with some other products -RRB- lift or throw the snow to get the piles high enough or off the area you want cleared -LRB- so the piles kept creeping out and I had to shovel them into taller piles -RRB- . So it was ok for a few inches of snow but not great if you have to really move the snow where it is piling up . .
 -LRB- Edited 12/28/09 -RRB- I have worn out a number of snow scoops over the years . When designed properly they are wonderful . When not , they are next to worthless . I have three objections to the Suncast scoop design.First , and the deal breaker for me , is the height of the handle . If you are over about 5 ' -4 '' tall the handle on this scoop will be way too low -LRB- as other reviews have mentioned -RRB- . The first snow scoop I owned had the handle at waist height and I loved it . When it wore out I bought a scoop similar to the Suncast . The handle on that one was also way too low , but the handle was narrow enough so that with a conduit bender I was able to adjust the height by bending it . Unfortunately the Suncast has a larger diameter tube which does n't fit my conduit bender , and it also has two extra holes drilled in the handle , which make it difficult to bend without failing at these holes . The two extra holes are supposedly for storage , but I have a hunch that it was designed this way more for shipping . Thus , 2 stars if you are tall , 4 stars if you are short.Second , the wear strip is a rounded piece of sheet metal over the end instead of a sharp , scraping edge . Even though it is rounded , it does a fairly good job of scraping down to the pavement if the snow is not too packed in place . The wear strip does protect the front edge as do some plastic fins on the bottom of the scoop , but the plastic will probably still wear away eventually at the sides of the scoop if you use it on a concrete drive.Finally , the metal handle wicks heat away from one 's hands . Even if you have warm mittens or gloves on , you may have cold fingers before your shoveling is done . This is also true on other scoops . A wooden or other less conductive handle would be warmer.I recently tried two different metal scoops and was disappointed by both . Both of these scoops had a better handle height , but the snow did not slide off either scoop as easily as the plastic scoop , nor did the scoops slide as easily -LRB- if at all -RRB- on bare concrete . In addition , the upward curve at the edge of one scoop made it tough to eject the snow without lifting up while pulling back . Combine this with the added weight of the scoop and this is a recipe for a pulled back muscle.I bought the Suncast because I could not find sources for the other plastic scoops I have owned with higher handle heights . If this scoop had a higher handle I would not hesitate to recommend it . It is strong , lightweight and well designed except for the handle height .
 I ca n't believe I did n't read the reviews before buying . I 'm 6 ' 3 '' tall and as other tall people have mentioned , this shovel does not work well for tall people . I had a pan shovel several years ago that worked great . It had a bigger pan , was about 8 to 10 inches wider , had wooden runners on the bottom and the handle was longer and at the right angle . It was about the same width as a sidewalk so one trip was all it took . Because the Suncast shovel is smaller , you have to make more trips up and down a sidewalk and you have to empty it much more often . And if you 're taller , you have to bend much further to get it out where you empty it , especially when the snow starts to pile up . I would n't recommend this shovel for anyone over about 5 ' 8 '' tall .
 while writing this the only other poor reviews lamented the size . I agree . I am tall , but not a giant , and the handle comes up to mid thigh . Ideally this would be up to waist at least . So who can use it would be those who are much shorter than even average , or kids . Good concept - bad design . The steel ones are better or the avalanche ergo snow scoop .
 I bought this scoop because it was the only one I could find -LRB- why is there a shortage of these on the market ? -RRB- . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and pushing on a level surface , the handle rests on the top of my kneecaps . This means to push snow up a hill , I have to bend over even further . The sides and back of this also are n't as high as I 'd like . The only reason I did n't give this 1 star is because it 's made in the US .
 I regret that I bought Suncast SF1850 22 in Big scoop . It 's NOT practical at all . I was n't able to lift the shovel when I had to dump it . I totally wasted my money .
 SINCE THERE HAS BEEN NO SNOWFALL IN THIS AREA SINCE PURCHASING THIS PRODUCY , THERE IS NO BASIS FOR A REVIEW OF IT .
 Sccop works well but handle is too short for me and I 'm only 5 ' 9 '' . If handle was longer I would be rating this product as 5-star . However , I purchased this in hopes of it being a back saver . With the short handle it is far from that .
 Very disppointed . The handle broke off after the three time using the product . It was not what I was expecting ! : - -LRB-
 This product has a weak link when the shovel is set for a taller person . The holes in the handle weaken the handle so when you push the handles fold at that weak spot.Also the wear strip comes off . Great one year product . Than consider it disposable because there are no parts options .
 I just returned this shovel after finding that the handle was way too low and awkward to use -LRB- I 'm 5 ' 8 '' -RRB- and the scoop area was small , compared to the scoop I 'm now using , which is the Avalanche Ergo : http://www.amazon.com/Ames-True-Temper-Sleigh-1600900/dp/B000KL2WG4/ref=cm_cr_pr_sims_tThe Ergo 's handle has 3 possible heights - literally just a snap to change.Sorry Suncast !
 I bought this item @ my local Home Depot store to cut some 11/2 in . pvc . All I can say is that it is a pain to use . It requires a lot of force to cut and even then it will shatter the pipe if the pipe is old and brittle or if you manage to not shatter the pipe it will not cut all the way thru it will leave a small amount that you have to twist off , and it wo n't even cut straight . Not worth the aggravation , I ended up returning it . It may work better with 1/2 pvc but anything bigger , forget about it .
 I bought this grill a while back . It does the job but burns the food more often than it should . It 's hard to control the temperature and does n't leave grill marks like a cast iron grill would . The next grill will be a cast iron grill . Stainless steel is overrated !
 I spent several days reviewing different metal detectors before I choose the Bounty Hunter Silver model . One of the reasons for selecting this model was the fact that it could distinguish between gold , coins and metal objects . I needed one to detect gold items as I had lost a gold wedding band -LRB- given to me by my gradfather -RRB- in the back yard . After assembling the detector -LRB- which was very easy to do -RRB- and turning the item on , it made a contast hissing noise and , no matter which setting I put it on , the detector 's noise was the same.Two others tried to work with the detector with the same results . I am not sure whether I just got one that was defective or if others have had the same problem . In any event , I had to return the item and , I am happy to report , that returning the item was as promised .
 The detector arrived with no shipping damage and was easy to set up , however the users manual could have been more detailed . In using the detector it seemed very erratic it its identification of metal . It would beep as you swept over an area and then once you dig down a ways and try to continue to hone in on the metal it would stop beeping having found nothing . Adjusting the sensitivity did n't seem to help and so far the detector has been pretty unusable in its intended purpose . Going to try it with headphones to see if that helps .
 I purchased this metal detector to help me find iron corner stakes on my property in order to verify a surveyed property line . I found some of the corner stakes by other means , but as of yet I have not found one by using this detector . For me , this has been a waste of my money .
 This is our second detector for under 100.00 . We bought this one on the basis that because it says it 's built by ` bounty hunter ' which was thought to be a brand name . That it would function better than the other which is an off brand ... not ! The identifying indicator fluctuates way too much and is undependable even with new batteries . Our other off brand is far more dependable at identifying the targets . This is the last cheapie and the last Bounty Hunter . I recommend spending the extra money for a better machine like Garrett . They hold value also . I use a Garrett ` Gold Stinger ' and it sells for the same now as it did 7 yrs ago when I bought it and worth every penny for the serious prospector and hunter . The next I get for my wife will be Ace 250 . Thanks , hope this helps .
 Very disappointed in this product . Did not work Christmas morning , was not even in new package . Felt ripped off ! The quality was not there . Took a couple of weeks for the return to go through . . I thought I did my research but clearly did not !
 This was a terrible purchase on my part . I wanted to get a nice , inexpensive metal detector for my husband for his birthday . Little did I expect that the cheapness of this product would extend to its packaging - or lack there of . I opened the Amazon box to find a smaller , unmarked brown box . Inside that box were the pieces of the detector strewn in there . No styrofoam to protect them , no pictures on the outside of the box to show the product - nothing.I returned it thinking it was an Amazon fluke , and they sent me a new one . I got the same thing . Plain brown box . No glossy pictures on the outside.So I reached out to Bounty Hunter to try to find out if this is how they packaged their detectors ; I have n't heard anything from them yet.In the meantime , I called Garrett and was assured that their metal detectors come in packages that have photographs of the product inside . Not only that , but they also have styrofoam cut outs to protect the pieces.I realized that cheaper does n't always mean better . I 'm ordering a Garrett today and sending the Bounty Hunter back a second time .
 We had an aussie grill like this , and the wood peeled after a year and after 5 the whole thing just rusted and crumpled . We kept it covered and everything .
 I ordered it on 12/23 and received it on 12/28 -LRB- today -RRB- w / the one cent shipping option . Every place it was soldered and press welded was rusty and a couple of the leg pieces appeared as if they had been heat discolored . For a $ 700 grill , I expected quality stainless steel w/o flaws , particularly w/o rust . On a positive note , the pieces fit together fairly well and it was easy to assemble . For the body quality , it should have been half this price . I plan to contact Weber tomorrow and voice the same complaints . Unfortunately I had not viewed this exact model prior to purchase ; instead relying on the 6770001 reviews and another more expensive model I had seen at a local store .
 We must have a `` lemon '' , but while this grill looks great , functionality as a grill , you know , for cooking things , it 's terrible . I 've stood over the grill twice with fire extinguisher in hand while watching black smoke pour out of all sides and the temp gauge needle pegged . Basically the grill works great as long as you do n't use the center burner - which for most cooking makes sense -LRB- i.e. indirect heat -RRB- , but if you want to sear or even cook with the center burner on low , your food will be tossed to the center of an inferno . I 've called Weber and been working with their reps for what seems like is forever and is going on 3 years . We 've changed the manifold twice , the regulator once , cleaned out the burner tubes , etc. , etc. , etc. . The last technician knew what he was doing - he was a gas expert , but still when i toss a few brats on the grill , leave the center on low to give a little direct heat - fire ! No , this is not user error , I 've been grilling for 20 + years and this is our second Weber . The first one was great , they are normally worth the extra money , but I ca n't say this grill is worth the cash and am not happy with Weber 's inability to fix the grill or simply offer a replacement at this point ...
 The dimensions provided in this ad are very confusing . Do n't know how anyone can make any sense of them . This cover will only fit a six foot round table . The seller could have easily provided this information . I returned my cover and the only concern the seller had was that I return it in a way they could resell it . No mention of return postage , etc. . Very dissatisfied with how this was presented and of the sellers comments and concerns when returning the same .
 This cover is durable , fits nicely , holds up with the different seasons ... My biggest complaint is that the inside of it left a hard sticky residue all over our travertine table top when it go hot . I 'm hoping to be able to wash off that horrible residue , but I 'm not sure it will come off and am not happy that it ruined our table !!!
 Looked excellent at first , then statues -LRB- I have owned three -RRB- develope complete cracks around the lower dress portion which will separate when the statue is lifted . The statues were never outdoors and have never fallen . Very disappointing that the people with the licensing rights would vigorously protect those rights , but license a very poor quality reproduction . Since cracks and breakage appear to be common , the manufacture should look at other materials other than stone and resin .
 I loved this statue and thus ordered and received it . Later on it fell over on my wall-to-wall carpet and the head broke off and the arm cracked . Despite my correspondence with Signals , the best offer I received was a 35 % off offer on a new statue priced at $ 189 . The poor girl sits on my patio awaiting my being able to find any type of adhesive produce to put her together again . If you know of a product which will bind her permanently , I would appreciate it as despite her obvious flaws even if fixed I do like this statue a great deal .
 I was VERY disapointed . Much shorter then discribed and light.Not worth the money .
 It seemed like a nice little lamp ; clip worked well , etc. . You have to fiddle with the screws to get it to pointed in the right direction , but that 's not a big deal . Maybe I just got a defective one but mine stopped working after only two uses .
 It was easy to put this together and the chart on the back of the box was helpful . However , the design of the joint makes it difficult to twist the lamp into needed shape and the clamp is difficult to open up . Due to the force it takes I have some doubts as to the items longevity . It wo n't be as easy to hang this over my cacti as I hoped .
 Lamp and bulb are as advertised . However , the fixture blew after 3 months of use . Would have expected it to last at least a year .
 My plants reacted well to the light while it lasted ... bulb burnt out after only 2 months of use . And of course it is past the return period so I have to buy a new bulb . Very unhappy ...
 I purchased this to try and help save my kitchen garden . I recently moved and it started not doing well at all . I thought it might be because my new place is much darker than my old apartment . Unfortunately , this never worked so I have no idea if it would have saved my plants .
 I have had 3 light bulbs burn out in less than 2 months . The 60W burned out in less than a week ! Then I purchased two 150W and one of them burned out only 4 weeks later . As we speak I 'm waiting to see the other one die out on me any day now.DO NOT , waist your time , or your money . In our local hardware store this is the only brand that is carried and the only grow light they support , ironically they are always running low because people are forced to replace them on a regular basis.Oddly so even though I have several rare and tropical plants growing indoors with very little sun light coming in , the one light that has not died out on me thus far in over a year has been my fluorescent reading lamp that I keep on along with my grow lights . My plants respond better to this particular light better than all the grow lights I 've had in the past year . This $ 15.00 reading lamp is six years old , and the fluorescent bulb in it has never been changed.So how is it that Agrosun is not able to make a descent light bulb ? Yes , the more you spend the more you get , but 60W should not last under a week , nor a 150W only a month . My more expensive lights lasted over six months so it is not like I had high expectations.NOTE : My 150W grow light kit mentions that it 's one year guaranteed on the box . IT IS A LIE !
 It worked beautifully for about 3 months , but while I was away for the weekend it apparently burned out , 300 hrs into its supposed 3000 hr lifetime . With no sun for two days many of my carefully cultivated plants took a turn for the worse . Make sure you keep an extra bulb on hand if you buy this one !
 These bulbs suck . Amazon 's service is top notch though . 24 hrs after after complaining about my 1st one that burned out after only 3 months there was a whole new kit @ my door ! ... and , it still sucks . The new one lasted 20 SECONDS ! I give up . These are crap . Total waste of money .
 I bought this growth light because my dorm room does n't get that much sunlight . For some reason , my strawberry plant is dying like the light is n't doing anything good for them . I moved the growth light back thinking that it was burning my plant but no improvement . It seems like an ordinary light bulb with no benefits .
 Do not be misled . This is only a 60 watt unit . Seller will take back and send 150 watt unit only at customer 's expense . According to seller
 For what you are buying , this is way overpriced . I have yet to see my plants grow , but I am still waiting .
 I ` am very disapointed in this product , I bought two and one does not work . It is not expensive but getting something that refuses to work makes this product a rip off . Basicly , this is junk .
 Poor quality and design . The hood which acts as the reflector for the bulb needs to screw onto the socket that is corded . Well on my lamp the threads are just trash . It takes a few minutes to get it to screw on , and every so often the hood comes off again . Very frustrating , then you got to try to screw it back on . The clamp is just insanely tight to open . Takes ALLOT of hand strength to get it to open enough to clamp on to something . And you better clamp it to something solid that will not break or become impressed under the pressure of the squeeze from the clamp . To swivel the light you need to loosen a clamp , then re tighten . Just annoying.In hind site I would not have bought this , would have spent more money and bought myself a traditional GE Plant light . This light is not very bright and is very directional . What I ended up doing with it , was to permanently attach it to a work bench , and take specimen plants to it , bonsai , orchid , etc. . So if you just want a stationary , directional plant light , for a small specimen plant this will work , if leave it on forever and never touch it . However I wanted something to easily move around from plant to plant . And have the broadcast for larger plants and seedling trays .
 I guess this was a good product for maybe 2-3 days . I did n't even have it on the whole day and I came home and the light bulb burned out . I feel that it should have lasted at least a month or so but nope . Only a few days .
 The lamp arrived with packaging intact . However , the lamp is dinged in several places . It also does n't light up . The same bulbs that do n't work in the lamp work in other fixtures . We returned to Amazon and got prompt refund .
 Hydrofarm failed to ship the product . When I contacted them 2 months later , they sent me a lesser product -LRB- 60 watt -RRB- , promising to send the 150 watt version when available . They never did this .
 people who are planning on buying this light im telling you know dont i ordered the 150 watt light kit from amazon itself and i received the 60 watt light kit but i was charged for the 150 watt light these guys shipping the items are idiots plus the clamp is soooo stupid its impossible to put together i had to use tape to hold it together anyone whose planning on buying this just buy your grow light at like a hardware store or something
 I wanted to see if my orchid -LRB- second time orchidist , first was a black thumb of death -RRB- would do better in my poorly lit apartment through the cold Chicago winter , with some artificial light assistance . The orchid seemed to be flourishing under this lamp , its a shame that the bulb died in the cheapo fixture after three weeks !!! The bulb did n't just die mind you , nope , the cheap fixture with loose fittings allowed the bulb housing to rotate and loosen further . When I went to tighten the bulb and its housing , the bulb had been assembled with such poor adhesive that the glass piece came off whole from its base that was screwed into the housing in the aforementioned badly assembled from subpar parts fixture !!! How was that for a run on sentence that can be summarized as skip this product that is sold at this price for a definite reason .
 Received the lamp yesterday . Bulb was broken and can not find a local replacement . Very disappointing .
 The item description states that the bulb lasts 3000 hours . Mine lasted approximately 288 hours -LRB- 16 hrs/day for about 18 days -RRB- . At $ 10 per bulb , I 'm extremely frustrated . I 'd bother asking for a replacement only - now that I 'm reading the reviews for the actual bulb - it 's a quality issue & the replacements do n't last , either . To make the purchase having been even less worthwhile , the websites of the 2 major brick - & - mortar building supply stores only list bulbs of up to 120-watts .
 I have owned four of these 150 watt bulbs from Hydrofarm . The one that lasted the longest worked for 26 days . Two of the dead bulbs separated from their bases when I tried to take them out of the fixtures ; one of the two broke.The packaging said the bulbs are guaranteed for a year . When I contacted Hydrofarm to claim under the guarantee , their initial position was that the bulbs were from a defective batch , so all they 'd do is `` replace '' them -- but with a different product.After some back and forth they are sending me new set of Dayspots , allegedly a new and improved version . I 'm looking forward to finding out of the improvements are real , because my plants loved the first set of bulbs -LRB- while they worked -RRB- . Update
 Upon buying this lamp , make sure you purchase a few light bulbs . The bulb will go out in 10 days usually . No wonder it is so cheap .
 The lamp housing looks and feels very well made but the bulb from agro-sun burned out after about 10 days . Not cool !
 I bought two and both have come apart . Its a light so it does n't get rough use . I would not buy again .
 sprouts do not do well . the pots sit 2 tall not allowing the roots to submerse in hydroton & water . my plants are only 1 '' after 11 days from germination .
 Had to retun the product items was missing , the pump assembly was not shipped with the package , bottom tray was damaged in shipping . Made very flimsy . Not a quality item even for the good price . Took my money back , will explore other options .
 Worthless . Use only Nylon -LRB- such as NYLON ROPE -RRB- as it works the best as a wick for the roots , yet never have to worry about the wicks becoming rotten , such as with cotton wicks . Also , air bubbles are not needed when using nylon rope wicks.Build your own out of Tupperware cases , 2 liter plastic soda bottles , potting soil , and nylon rope for wicks -LRB- no air pump needed this way because there is no worry of the roots rotten off . MAKE YOUR OWN OUT OF GARBAGE FOR FREE .
 its a root soaker not a hydro ponic unit did not like it sent it back i could set planters in a water bowl and have same thing its not a ebb and flood system its just a tank of water with air blowing thru it
 I found this very difficult to assemble and returned it . It would be better if received already assembled .
 Should come with wicks for the plans , and the ph tester in mine came broken and spilling in its bag.the machine is ok but was not impressed with how it actually came in the box , rather cheaply and one of the packages of rockwool did n't even come with the paper around the cubes to keep them in form . Kinda disappointed for an expensive contraption .
 Pump failed within 1/2 hour of operation . Of course , that might have been because it was submersed in nutrient for about 20 minutes . The instructions packed with the unit show the pump installed INSIDE the base , with wires and hose routed over the edge . What do I know ? The shelf where the pump was shown sitting wound up under liquid when the base was filled to the mark.I found a u-tube vides which showed the correct position for the pump -- UNDER the base . Hmm -- would stay dry that way , huh?The unit I received was pretty dirty , as though it had sat outdoors in a garden store for a long time . Both of the bags of clay pebbles had holes in them , and dust covered the rest of the box contents . The ph kit had leaked inside it 's bag.The instructions for planting reference a `` moisture mat '' , which is not illustrated anywhere in the directions . I assume they mean the bottoms of the planters.All in all , very expensive for a plastic bin with holes in the cover to stick 6 '' square plastic pots into , + some pet store supplies.On the bright side , it did include `` everything you need '' to start and grow some plants . Growing media , nutrients -LRB- although the use of the two bottles supplied is not well explained , except that they are mixed 1tsp of one or the other -LRB- which one for this plant now ? -RRB- per gallon of water . The media needs to be washed before use.Draining to replace the nutrient mix will only be convenient if the unit is up on a table or stand . If it 's on a floor , the rotateable level indicator/drain hose will not rotate completely , and there is no room to place a bucket or other channel . Would be nice if product illustrations whowed these details.The package is too heavy and dirty to be boothered with trying to do an RMA , so I 'll just eat the cost of a decent pet store pump and hope the rest of it works . Not sure exactly how the nutrients wick up through the rocks . Starting smore more peppers and we 'll see how they do in this thing . The ones I started in the aerogarden are monsters and into the lights . lots of fruit . Hoping to get even better results with this , once the pumping and lighting issues are resolved .
 As a novice to hydroponics I thought a small , less expensive kit would be a good place to start . Perhaps , but this was the wrong starting point . Kit I purchased relies on aeration alone to get water and nutrients to the seedlings . No drip irrigation was included . Now I know you really need that . Clay pebbles were too large to cover the seedling w/o damage and did not absorb water . Pump was very noisy and the drain worked until you attempted to lower it into a position to drain the water , at which point it leaked . Can not recommend this product .
 Well , where to start ... We will do negative and positive on this one.Negative .1 . Instructions are not clear on how to place starter cubes . I emailed the manufacturer and got no response . Finally got an answer after going to a local hydro store .2 . The drain/water level plug leaks . . Woke up one morning and there was hug puddle on my desk dripping onto my carpet . I just put silicone on it today .3 . The lid is dripping condensate which can not be fixed .4 . The pots are to tall like some one else mentioned . I had to buy some rope and make wicks . .5 . The pump is loud . I insulated it like some one else but still not that quite . Ended up buying a tetra pump from a pet store . Much quieter.Positives .1 . Amazon had free shipping -LRB- does n't make the product any better . -RRB- 2 . Cheap -LRB- for junk -RRB-
 This is more like a science project than a grow system.Pros : SmallModerately pricedCons : Air tube is too short -LRB- in the picture they have given , the air pump is at water level . The air pump is NEVER below the water , but they do n't give you enough tube to deal with it -RRB- Air stones are too smallClips for air stones are n't aligned properlyThe drainage and water level valve LEAKS !!!! Extremely loudI 'm in the process of rigging it up so I can use larger air stones and a larger pump . I am also going to the hardware store to buy a new seal and probably some sort of caulking -LRB- you 're looking at damn near what the system costs -RRB- . I will update this review after all that is completed.There are systems out there that I would recommend over this to family and friends . I ca n't say it 's good for a novice grower because I do n't know that a novice could fix all the manufactures mistakes . Maybe I just got a bad system . Do n't risk it . Look elsewhere .
 I used this with the the smallest of heat mats of the same brand , and it stopped working within one season . I followed all instructions , and for the high price of this thermostat , I am very disappointed in its performance , or lack thereof . Too bad , because in theory it 's a great idea .
 I ordered it a month ago , it arrived 3 weeks ago , and I still ca n't use it . After I assembled it -LRB- it did only take 30 minutes -RRB- it turned out that the latch mechanism that holds the dumping bed down wo n't latch . They were nice on the phone and sent me a new redesigned latch that still does n't work . I have been waiting another 2 weeks since the last call for a new latch to show up . So , they have had my money for a month and I still ca n't use the cart . The other problem is that it has already started to rust . I 'm beginning to wonder if I should have looked for something else .
 I got this pump last year for my 33000 gal inground pool trying to save some money . Bad idea . The pump worked well for one year almost to the day . It started to leak from the bottom making it impossible for the pump to stay primed . Do n't waste the money on a cheap pump , suck it up and buy a good one . You will save money in the long run
 I purchased this Wayne pool pump . It arrived within days and I installed it . It started leaking immediately . I called the company and they were very helpful . They actually sent me another one within a day . They said keep the first one for parts . The second one leaked right through the housing of the impeller area . The company could not believe what was going on , nor could I . They offered to send me another pump , but I told them no thank you , and I got off my wallet , and bought a Hayward , as I should have done in the first placed . The Hayward was 100 dollars more , but worth every penny . The old saying , `` you get what you pay for '' is so true . Will I ever learn ? Amazon was great about refunding my first pump purchase . I sent it back and Amazon took care of the refund in a matter of days . I offered to send the second pump back to Wayne , but they said they did not want it , -LRB- I do n't blame them -RRB- .
 Had this unit for a year . At the end of a year , the rain gauge had cracked and the thermometer tube had come loose and fallen . As a result , it could neither provide rain amount or temperature . What more could you want ?
 I bought this pool alarm last year b/c we had a 2 year old and I was pregnant with our second and was petrified of her falling in . We also have a safety net but wanted something extra to use when the net was off before we put the net back on . So we bought this . Bad idea . First of all , the directions are so confusing and do not make sense at all . I must have read them at least 10 times and then had my husband read them as well . We both have Dr. before our names so it is not a lack of intelligence here that made these directions confusing . They were obviously not written by a native English speaker and had many sections that would contradict another . When we finally did figure out how to set it up , it kept turning itself off , despite a new battery installed . A couple of times the alarm went off on its own , scaring the be life out of us and my little one . I would not recommend this product . I tried to return it with no avail - $ $ $ down the drain . The seller told me to try to sell it on ebay myself -LRB- that 's where I bought it - not here on amazon -RRB- , which is ridiculous considering it was a terrible product to begin with . Spend a little more on something else that actually works .
 I 've installed inground alarms for customers . Pool Guard is the easiest to set up . I mount the alarm on 12x12 paver , so you do n't drill in the deck . As much as the manufacturer says there are fewer false alarms , my customers tell me of false alarms . This the better of the less expensive alarms . Buy a door alarm and a pool fence .
 If you want to use this handle you need to know how it attaches . Many handles look like this on the outside , but the Valley handle slides over a shaft and attaches with a set screw through the side of the handle instead of the top . There is no indication of how this handle attaches .
 Rcvd roller today . Upon inspection I noticed the fill holes on the sides are at different levels on the drum.I realize one is for filling and one to let the air out as well as to help emptying . I will only be able to fill the drum halfway before putting the plug in . I will then have to fill the drum very slowly to allow the air to come out of the hole the water is going in . The drum has a circular indentation on one side of the drum that is even with the hole on the other side of the drum . It appears there was LACK of attention when drilling the holes . Any reasonable inspection by the person who drilled the holes , the packer , or Quality Control would have found this error . Could it be it was found but let slide through due to cost , or in hopes the person who received it was to stupid to figure it out ? Or was it just apathy?Precision Product made by Precision Products -- HARDLY !
 THIS DOES NOT HOLD SHAPE IN MIDDLE FLATTENS OUT SHOULD HAVE WEB INSIDE ROLLER TO KEEP ROUND TRIED WATER IN IT , TRIED SPEEDY DRY IN IT EVEN WHEN EMPTY FLATTENS OUT IF YOU USE IT A LOT WILL ROUND BACK , OVERALL BUY THE SHORTER ONE !!!!!!
 When I ordered this item , I went mostly by the picture . If you read the small print then you might realize that it is only one single item , not all five . I called and tried to get them to send me the rest but they would not do so without another shipping fee . If only I had realized it was only one of five items I would only have paid one shipping fee . So my opinion is poor customer service and a deceiving picture .
 The first table that I received had a 6 inch crack and was scratched as well , the box looked like it had seen better days . I returned that table and 2 days later I received a new one . The replacement table also had a crack , only about 2 inches , and one side of the leaf would not open . Had to send the table and 6 chairs back . It 's a shame , because it is a really pretty set , but I guess that 's why it was so inexpensive .
 There was a 4 inch long crack on the table top . And since the thing weighs a ton , and would be a pain to re-package , I will keep it . you get what you pay for . I know why it was $ 199 now ; Its flimsy , but I needed something quick for the season , and i put the cracked side on the far end . I 'll be shocked if it lasts more than 2 seasons . My guess is that by using some 3rd-rate shipper , you dont get kid gloves care with the furniture . Oh well , lesson learned .
 I have returned it and am very disappointed with my selection because it developed cracks and became rough to the touch within 3 weeks of arrival.The table was delivered in reasonable shape . The packaging was not particularly strong , so it came with a few minor blemishes , but I was not upset overall . I immediately applied furniture oil to the entire table , let the oil soak in for a day and then placed the table outside . Within 3 weeks , lengthy cracks developed on the top and 3 of the legs . The surface of the table also developed some cracks and became very rough to the touch despite starting out somewhat smooth.After much work , I boxed it up and returned it along with matching chairs and 3-person bench -LRB- all from the same manufacturer -RRB- . I have had to closely monitor my account for the credit . Amazon was careless in creditting our account for all the items . They deleted credits for some of the chairs because they thought it had been double-entered -LRB- we had bought multiple sets of chairs -RRB- . I 'm avoiding buying furniture from this manufacturer and Amazon for the time-being .
 Broke 8 tines on the first use . Ground was not overly hard and I used 40 pounds of weight . Wish I had used it sooner so I could have returned it . Now have to find replacement tines
 This product is made in china to very low quality standards . I recieved two of these 16 qt cast iron dutch ovens and one has a handle that is .190 '' thick and the other has a .152 '' handle . Both were dropped shipped from the manufacturer at the same time yet different handles . The lid is a very poor fit . One lid was so badly warped that it has a 1/4 '' gap between the the pot and lid , I called the manufacturer and was told that this is normal . The lid is suppose to be usable as a griddle , but it is not flat , it is a dome shape . The lid also no longer has the alligator on it like the one pictured here at amazon . I also found the wax coating very difficult to remove , I ended up having to burn off the wax with a propane burner . The seasoning instructions say to use warm soapy water to remove paraffin wax coating , but that does not work very well . The finish is very rough when compaired to cast iron that was made in the USA . If you do n't care about quality and want some very crude chinese cast iron to use outside then Bayou Classic is for you .
 Great shape for my Gumbo , wider instead of taller . I love the strainer included and the lid fits fine . Unfortunately , I 'm no tracker of algorithms , but this pot measures at 12 quarts not 16 . I 'm still trying to reach the company .
 Arrived broken , shipped in the original box with no packing whatsoever . The lid is broken , the dutch oven itself is smashed in on one side , and now I have to pack it up and ship it back -LRB- will the post office even accept something this heavy ? -RRB- Anyway , I DO NOT RECOMMEND ! It 's more trouble than it 's worth and not sturdy enough .
 Ordered two pots for a large cook that I had to do . Got them in a timely manner , however the quality was very disappointing . I got two pots and there were thin spots on the bottom of each from manufacturing and the lids do not fit very well at all . I had to bend the bales out to even get the lids on . About the only thing these things would be good for is as a fryer . Also , make sure you realize that there are no legs on the bottom . I had to use two lid stands .
 Do not buy ! , September 6 , 2007By Margaret Thomas `` tygerkittn '' -LRB- Norcross , GA USA -RRB- - See all my reviewsThis arrived shattered into pieces , the box shredded , as has happened to many other reviewers of this brand , and amazon sent a new one out BUT I have to somehow repackage the broken one and send it back . I can barely lift this thing , I do n't know of any box that will hold it and it wo n't get far in the original box , since it 's in shreds . I have to print a label and LUG this monster down to the US post office -LRB- do they even accept 40-50 lb boxes ? -RRB- because amazon will charge me for TWO if I do n't , because obviously it 's my fault they sent it without any packaging around it . I wish I 'd never bought this piece of junk .
 Product looked great . Might have worked , IF IT WERE NOT BROKEN TO BUPKIS when it arrived , both times . Packaging was terrible . As a result , my son was very disappointed that he did not receive his Christmas gift .
 I bought these gloves because I have found DeWalt tools reliable and durable -LRB- I own 15 DeWalt tools in all -RRB- . After three days of moderate use , the seams began to come apart , and after a week the gloves were useless . I sent the gloves to DeWalt and they just told me that they do n't make them , and put me in touch with the manufacturer . Save your money , and buy own brand gloves from Home Depot or Lowes . They cost less and last longer .
 The Dewalt gloves have a nice feeling leather along with the spandex backing makes this a very comfortable glove . The palms are durable and did n't show signs of tearing even after lifting bricks , branches , and bamboo.However , I bought these just 5 months ago -LRB- used them every weekend -RRB- , and now the tip of the middle finger on my left glove has a big ole tear in it . Granted , I 'm not sure if these gloves were designed for gardening , where the gloves get wet and are in the dirt a lot.I was disappointed that they tore , so I 'm going to try the synthetic leather ones instead . They got a better review rating and they 're cheaper .
 Detector froze up , after detecting an item . Mfg tech support said that was caused by a short in the battery wires .
 This is an inexpensive starter detector , If you would seriously like to detect , I would recommend you purchase a bit more expensive detector . Would be great for a child .
 This metal detector can not find a metal keychain and keys in the snow . I read and followed the instructions about all the controls , etc. . Obviously , I am talking about a few inches , not feet , of snow . Either I got a defective unit or it does not work as advertised . Whatever the reason , I am returning mine .
 This product is a waste of your money it gives off nothing but false readings . Got this for the grand kids now I have more holes then a gopher farm . False readings save your money .
 Product was ok found some trash under ground , but my biggest complaint is they claim that this detector is water proof up to electronic display , can tell u this is not the case with mine put coil in water after that it went ballistic , tryd drying it out and drying off , BROKEN HAD TO SEND back to company and Here it is 3 weeks later and no sign of my detector and no email from company like they told me they were going to do , empty claims from bounty hunter .
 The Bounty hunter IV goes off when i walk or jigle it . It makes it very hard to trust that it actually works . I look around the snow and nothing is there when it does go off . sucks to use it .
 Package came undamaged I assbled product and put into my gun safe , a couple days later I was plowing my driveway and lost my keys so I decided to try it out , read directions and turned it on . The power came on but the product was defective I laid keys on the ground and some change some bolts and other objects and tried every setting it had , and it would not detect any metal at all . would not recomend product to anyone , Had big hopes and excitement and was let down buy this poor product .
 I bought the Bounty Hunter to locate my underground low voltage wire to my lighting system . It would n't detect any of the wires underground . So , I cut a piece of the same type wire and laid it on my garage floor just to make sure it would detect the wire on the surface . It would not detect the wire at all . It works fine on all the test items recommended in the manual i.e , . like nails , coins of all types aluminum foil etc. but wo n't detect the wire at all . Anyone had any success with detecting wire ? I only gave it two stars because it wouuld n't work on what I bought it for .
 I bought this bounty hunter in feb of this year , it was ok , i found old bottles from the 20s an old dagger and a silver spoon . so for non precious metals its ok . a bit hard to hone in with the dials . can hardly tell between the tone and the beep . i took it to Georgia recently to go gold panning , it never went off on any gold . even with a vile full of pure gold . but rings with filler it did fine . and in streams it did detect a phone cable 18 inches down -LRB- sorry bell south -RRB- but had it shown what i was looking for id never dug it up . dont worry I covered it back , honest mistake , this detector doest work in salt water . but fresh water it does great . but not for gold . im gon na invest in a better brand . this is good for trash and coins but the good stuff such as pure gold coins forget it . silver as long as its newer then 1900s .
 Did not distinquish and could not tell what was in ground until digging it up . Disappointed .
 I expected a better product . It has a hard time finding metal objects.I do n't think I would buy another item from the manufacturer .
 The unit is pretty heavy duty and seems very strong and durable once put together . With the exception of the tires . The tires should be a lot wider for when trying to left the spikes from the ground and having a heavy load on the weight shelf . Which by the way , you will need a very heavy load to place on the shelf ... otherwise the spikes will not penetrate the ground . And another thing ... BE sure to have raked and/or picked up all the leaves before starting to use this item , otherwise the leaves will collect on the spikes and then they will not penetrate any further than the leaves will allow.The Aerator was fairly hard to put together ... even following the instructions ... and I am a Handy Man by trade . The problem is getting the spike 's on the shaft in a good and balanced order . I had to cut in half one of the plastic spacers in order to `` balance space the spike `` star wheels '' on the shaft.I thought about returning this item , but figured I could make some modifications to it later that may make it better .
 Received the 40 '' Spike Aerator on time . There were no assembly instructions . The assembly was not that difficult . One of the 5/16-18 x1 .5 bolts included was a blank . This means the threads were not rolled on to the screw in the threading roller . Using the picture on the box for assembly there is no way the spikes can reach the soil due to positioning of the wheels . With the wheels removed full penetration appears to be achievable . With no wheels manuaverability becomes difficult by hand . You pay for what you get especially when you buy cheap . The aerator was replaced with a quality unit from Northern Tool for $ 240.00 .
 The squirrel population at my house quadrupled when I used this in my feeder . They slung it in a 6-ft . diameter around the feeder trying to sift through to the peanuts included in the mixture . And what they slung sprouted into various grasses ! The birds were frustrated because the squirrels actually lounged in prone position on the edges of the feeder ! LOL So it should be labeled `` Yes Waste Select '' and Chaos GUARANTEED ! I will never buy it again . Instead , I will pay a little bit more and stick to sunflower hearts and pieces . The squirrels share more than equally with the birds and act civilized : -RRB-
 There are more seeds on the ground then with natural sunflower seeds . The most wasteful seeds I have ever used . The little round unshelled seeds are thrown out by the birds . The feeder is emptied quickly because of the high volume of thrown out seed . The dogs try to eat all they can and the dog waste is saturated with undigested seeds . The amount of sunflower meat is minimal while the smell of peanuts is very strong . The mess is harder to sweep then the sunflower seed shells and a whole lot more expensive .
 I 'm going to preface this by saying that feeding birds is more art than science and preferences go in waves . The hot item at the feeder one month might be the least popular one the next month . What birds need and the types of birds hanging around depends on a lot of factors . I 'm merely speaking of my experience with this product , and your results might be different . I buy a lot of Stokes products and this is the only variety that has n't worked out for me . The feeder for the no-waste is empty each day , but it 's all on the ground -- as if the birds are tossing a lot of it . I 'm fortifying it with no sunflowers and thistle , as well as I mixed in some of the Finch Select -LRB- which has more thistle and seems to have more red millet -RRB- to make it more appealing . At this moment , I would recommend the aforementioned Finch Select or the Nut and Fruit or the Cardinal Song Mix -- or a mix of your own devising -- before I would recommend this product . Actually , if I were starting from scratch , I 'd probably get a small bag of each and see what works in my area . -LRB- I 'm writing this in the spring , but please do n't forget birds need nourishment -- and a water source -- year round , and that it 's worth it to bundle up and help 'em out ! -RRB-
 As an avid bird feeder from a time many years back , I remember early on thinking that come the summer time serving up a formula of no waste seed would make a lot of sense . If you decide to feed birds year ` round , than you will come to hate the mess they make in your yard , especially in summertime when its the growing season . And , especially if you feed your birds black oil sunflower . The discarded shells not only just continue to pile up , but its been proven that the very compounds that make up a black oil shell can be detrimental to the growth of flowers and other blooms . The idea at first that no waste bird seed would be a worthwhile investment seemed like a no brainer . Not only would it be cleaner but the birds would n't have to bother with opening the shell . It would be compared to being served all the lobster meat without having to bother with breaking open all those claws . Unfortunately this is definitely one of those cases where something sounded most plausible in theory , but was a total bust in actual practice . The first thing I learned was that birds do n't really mind taking the time to break open all those shells . They ca n't . For they neither flocked too or consumed any heavier volume of shell less seed than they did the shelled version when I offered them both varieties side by side . In fact it was not all that uncommon to see a bird stop by the shell less seeds only to consume a couple and then defect to the regular seed with all the maintenance . Maybe they are so used to working a little for their seeds over the centuries that offering it to them straight up seems too unusual for them . The second observation is one I should have very well thought of , but unfortunately did not take into account . And that is that birds are the biggest slobs in all of the animal kingdom . Anyone that has ever owned a pair of parakeets or a canary in their house knows that all too well . Five dogs running around the place wo n't make as much a mess as two birds confined to a cage . In our backyards , birds that come to feeders generally drop or toss to the ground 3 seeds for every one they actually consume . And that 's an average that is well kept whether we are talking about shelled seed or waste free . In other words , a lot of your expensive waste free seed is going to end up in the same place as the regular , on the ground . Lest one think that 's it all the same , remember that when regular seed lands on the ground at least it is protected by the shell . Waste free seed drops to the ground below your feeder and is immediately on its own . Unprotected it is very easily turned to mush and mildewed unless it is eaten very quickly . My own experience with waste free seed overall was nothing less than something that sounded too good to be true that turned out to be exactly that . My suggestion to all that are considering a waste free product is save your money . The birds really do n't care either way if its made convenient for them , and you will waste just as much at a far greater cost . The only exception would be if you happen to have a feeder on a porch or deck where it is far more essential to keep the area clean , as well as being in a place where the fallen seed is not directly on the ground . In conclusion , stick to the messy but very much loved black oil sunflower , and consider the waste free as simply a waste of your money ...
 I bought 30 pounds of this bird seed , because I live in Montana and thedescription said `` for many kinds of birds '' WRONG . . of all the birds in my part of Montana ... not one bird has eaten one seed ! What a waste of money .
 Attractive display for thermometer , however first version purchased cracked during shipping . Replacement was received intact but registers a temperature that varies signficantly from the actual temperature .
 Purchased this along with several other filter bags -LRB- leaf and standard -RRB- for our Polaris 280 which has been in service for over two years . The filter worked well to remove fine particles , but only lasted several months before it began to tear.I would n't recommend it long term , maybe for occasional use ... in any case I would n't purchase it again .
 Dear fellow consumers this is a TOTAL PIECE OF JUNK !!!!! Amazon 's review of this product is a glowing endorsement of this piece of garbage but when you get the product delived to your home at a delivery cost of over $ 42 you quickly open the box and are amazed at how poorly this is constructed but you still are hoping it works well like the Amazon ad insists . Well , this is time to wake up and realize that the real product in the box is just another piece of cheap junk constructed in China and sold to us unsuspecting American consumers . Then to return it costs you another $ 42 because the product is so large and heavy . Do n't be a fool like I was and purchase this total piece of junk unless you want to throw away your hard earned cash . Now I see why so many of these cheaply constructed lawn sweepers are being returned and why there are so many people rejecting one more piece of Chinese made garbage . Only buy this product if you want to throw your money away . Even if you decide to return this to Amazon it will cost you over $ 100 in shipping to your home and back to Amazon so buyer beware . Amazon should be ashamed of trying to pawn this inferior product onto it 's good customers . William Lupton
 The product was broke when I opened the box . . adjustment handle was broke off.wasted my moneythis lawn leaf pick up is a bad product
 I ca n't review the performance of this product because it arrived with several parts -LRB- that were supposed to be attached -RRB- not attached , namely one wheel , the adjustment handle -LRB- impossible to re-attach -RRB- and a gear that goes with the unattached wheel loose in the box . This thing was made in China , so I guess that 's my bad . Finally , to avoid lawsuits , let 's just say that after the UPS delivery person left packages on my front porch on 2 consecutive days , I found my Obama '08 yard sign in the bushes -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- each day .
 I bought several Tomato Towers in 2005 after having searched and searched for a product that would support grape and cherry tomatoes in a raised garden that is surrounded on two sides by heat-retaining brick walls . Nothing else looked strong enough to support these vines that grow to over 8 feet in the heat.I installed the Tomato Towers over three in-line Moby Grape tomato plants . The stark-looking towers really stuck out at first , but as the tomatoes grew , the towers blended in completely . After only two months , all three vines had easily outgrown their 6-foot towers.And that was when the trouble began . I discovered one morning that a tower on the end of the row had collapsed overnight . Further inspection found that the welding joint between the lowest two poles had broken apart at the top of the lowest green plastic ring , revealing that the surprisingly thin steel used to make the rods had already rusted.I used a wooden stake to fortify the bottom part of the tower , but it was quite a handful to prop up the fruit-laden upper part of the tower and then hold it in place while lashing the rods to the wooden stake.But less than two weeks later , all three towers were on the ground . The other two had buckled at the same rusted joint as the first tower . There had n't been any wind or rain overnight , and the tops of the vines had become intertwined after having outgrown the tops of the towers . The sheer weight of the fruit and vines had caused one tower to collapse , taking the others down with it.The idea behind this product is right on the money , but it is woefully underbuilt for the task . There are two improvements that need to be made . Heavier gauge steel is a must for the rods and joints . And the bottom stake that goes into the ground needs to be longer , as I found wobbling towers after rainfalls and garden watering on more than a few occasions once the towers became more top-heavy . I 'm not entirely convinced that the plastic parts would last 20 years under full sun like the claim for the nylon netting . Even so , if the manufacturer were to substantially beef up the construction of the Tomato Towers , I would n't hesitate to purchase them again .
 I bought 10 of theem since idea was great . Design is very bad.From the practical usage :1 -RRB- Plastic rings are too weak - when trying to set rings on a pole , plastic ring cracked due to the fact that distance between two rings was too high2 -RRB- netting is not tied well to the rings - when trying to set rings on a pole , netting fall off - had to tie it manually .
 Terrible experience with this tomato tower . Bought three and had to retie 2 of them where the plastic nibs had disintegrated . The third one the netting was not even attached to the plastic ring at all - defective right out of the package . I will never buy this again !
 The concept is great . Small foldable fishing rod . Ordered two for myself and my wife . My wifes reel worked sporadically after casting , and mine had a defect where the line came out of the handle , causing it to catch and hang up when casting . Too bad . Improved quality would make it a great idea .
 After reading the other reviews I was a bit skeptical , but the problems seemed associated only with the inadequate packaging for shipping . With Amazon 's free shipping , I thought I would just have them send me a replacement if necessary.The unit arrived without shipping damage . But it contained a large crack which was due to the original casting operation . Also the cover did n't fit . I decided to try ordering the Camp Chef to see if that was any better.On the packing slip , it states that the S&H ; was over $ 26 . Amazon must be losing money on just shipping this unit , let alone having to pay for the return shipment via USPS ! I ca n't believe that Amazon does n't either pull the product or make Bayou Classic fix their horrendous QC problems .
 Bayou Classic 7417 12-Quart Cast-Iron Oval Roaster with Domed LidI purchased this roaster twice and each time it arrived broken and/or cracked . It arrived both times in a thin card board box with two plastic straps around it . The packaging was obviously insufficient . Even though this roaster was n't as substantial as the Emeril cast iron smoker , it seemed like a good buy . After two tries , with a request for additional packaging after the first broken roaster , I guess this is what it is . You take a chance . I do n't recommend this roaster .
 If zero stars were an option I would do that ! The roaster arrived today . It was not broken like several other buyers had indicated with their experience . However , after getting ready to use it I noticed that the lid does not fit the roaster . Not even close . The lid is clearly made for something different . Roughly the same size but totally different shape . Sending it back ASAP . I do not want another one from Amazon . I hope they get this straightened out with their supplier . Stay away from this item !
 I have purchased quite a few cast iron cookware over the years and this is without a doubt the worst . The finish goes beyond `` rough '' to actually uneven and globular . I cant fathom how any individual associated with their quality control allowed this to come off an assembly line . Plus , the lid does n't even fit correctly and appears to be warped . This is the first time I have purchased a Bayou Classic and while I have been interested in other pieces from their product line , I seriously doubt I would ever purchase anything from their company again . Please do n't waste you money on this piece of garbage , look elsewhere . My belief is that Bayou Classic is completely inferior to any other cast iron cookware out there .
 I order the 12 quart oval roaster on March 31 , 2008 . I received it a few days earlier , however , when I unpacked it , I noticed the side was broken - I mean a large chunk was out . Not surprised though , given that it came in a box with no packing cushion at all . I sent it back and asked for a replacement . A few days later I received the replacement ... It was also broken . The packaging is not designed for shippment . Save your money , buy something else . Oh , and the alligator that they show on the lid in the picture is not on the actual product ...
 I ordered this oval roaster last year . The roaster was cracked , so I sent it back and reordered another one . It was fine , except for excessive wax coating on it -LRB- Which I still have n't got it all off yet -RRB- . The lid is defective on one side , as if a four inch slinder piece was broken off the side of it . I did keep it as I hate returning items and it is a good price . -LRB- I still use the old castiron cookware for almost all my cooking , as my mom did . -RRB-
 I 'm a big fan of cast iron cooking but I probably wo n't use this roaster very much . I 'm unhappy with the way the lid fits on the pot . There is no lip around the edge of the lid or a recessed area around the edge of the pot to hold the lid in place . The surfaces of the outer edges of both the pot and lid are flat and if the pot is tilted slightly the lid will just slide off . I 've never seen this on any other cast iron cookware and I own many pieces of cast iron . I would not recommend this item .
 Roaster was cracked up one side . I returned it and the second one was also cracked up one side . I returned that one as well . This item is extremely heavy and is very rustic iron . Aside from the crack , it was not what I expected or wanted .
 I was so excited , until I saw the box . Then I knew I was in trouble.Its about the size of a bottle cap for a 3000 gallon coke bottle.It 's large - ridiculously , unusably largeIt 's so large , it wo n't fit on my range top - I would need 6 burners with no controls.It 's not seasoned but I was ok with that until I realized I ca n't season it because it wo n't fit in my stove , which is too shallow.Too big to fit on my large Big Green Egg.I have a normal sized kitchen , normal sized appliancesPotential alternative uses include a small neighborhood pool or in winter a semi-portable ice skating rink .
 The first time we used it the pan developed a huge crack . It is now unuseable . We did follow the directions to `` season '' the pan by pre-heating and putting oil on it .
 The skillet looks like it is just what I was looking for , but it came `` Cracked '' . This was due to the fact that it was poorly packaged , it was simply put in a cardboard box , with NO foam , newspaper , or bubble wrap , to protect it during shipment . I notified Amazon , and they promptly replaced it , with another cracked skillet.If I could get one , without a crack in it , I would give it 5 stars .
 The frame & side tables had dents/small bends that must have occurred during shipping - not a problem , since it was an outdoor cooker . The slip fit hangers on the side tables had to be adjusted before they would fit onto the side of the frame . The extension legs are too short and need to be 36 '' tall . Cooker worked fine when only 2 burners were lighted , but when all three burners were lighted and we tried to turn them all the way up , all three burners shut down . Also , the frame gives minimal wind protetion to the burners . A better/taller wind deflector would be much better when cooking outside . On the positive side , the burner flame adjustments were good , allowing cooking at low temps and high temps with good control . Perhaps the 2 burner model would be a better choice . We returned the cooker due to the third burner problem .
 The pole is powder-coated aluminum , but the plastic part that is used for the tilt mechanism breaks with a minor wind , rendering the entire umbrella useless . Do n't buy .
 I sent back the first umbrella because the carring case strap was broken . Amazon quickly sent a replacement umbrella but I can not get the tilt mechanism to work . The tilt mechanism button will not depress inward allowing for the umbrella to tilt back .
 As the other person stated , plastic tilt mechanism will break in a strong wind and the strap to hold it closed for storage was broken the first day .
 I ordered this umbrella , and when it arrived it was broken , it took the company forever to finally send me a new one ... which had a torn seam , and when I emailed again to complain , noone responded , until I complained to Amazon , and filed a complaint ... definately would not order !!
 This bag was filled with bugs . The birds would n't touch it . I wish I had asked for a refund.I had to throw it out .
 Out of the box this was unusable as there were some real issues with the weaving . The ropes appear to be of rather different lengths and this results in large gaps in the center section of the hammock that I was unwilling to try to coax into shape.Unless you are a weaver . or willing to spend a lot of time trying to tease it into shape , I would advise staying away from this .
 Bought this to replace the valve and wand that originally came with my John Deere 25-Gal tow-behind sprayer . It worked well at first and the little latch to hold the valve open was a plus , but the valve started leaking after one use . My attempts to get it to stop leaking did n't work , and it just got worse . Spraying became a soaking mess , so I threw it in the trash . I see that others have had better experiences with it . Perhaps its a quality control issue with Solo sprayers , but I wo n't buy the plastic kind again.Subsequently I purchased a `` Chapin '' brand metal shut-off valve , wand and nozzle from Amazon , which is working great and does n't leak .
 When I was putting this together , the nipple that fits into the hose from the sprayer broke off . It takes considerable force to push the hose onto the nipple and the nipple is not sturdy enough . I will have to buy off the shelf parts from the hardware store to repair it . I generally like SOLO products but this needs some work !
 I have an Ortho backback sprayer . The original wand lasted 9 years . The trigger lock failed on this wand the first season .
 Very disappointed in this sprayer . Did not get to use it until AFTER the return deadline had passed , so I 'm stuck with it . Great looking sprayer and heavy duty , but I had trouble securing the screw on lid tightly . It kept leaking air , no matter how tightly I tried to screw the screw the lid . Looks like a great sprayer , but ... leaked air!Cost more money but the quality was n't there . I do n't blame Amazon , just myself for not testing it sooner , and when I really needed it to do some house staining .
 When I opend the package , I found it was damaged . Although the package itself was perfactly well . The sparyer was made by heavy -LRB- very strong -RRB- metal . I suspected that it was damaged before even it was packed .
 Though the photo shows it and the ingredients list it , the bag of Critter Snack I received has ZERO peanuts in shell in it . And since this is the absolute favorite of my neighborhood squirrels I now feel like I have to buy some other product that includes peanuts in addition to this one . I would really like to depend on getting what is advertised when ordering so not sure I would buy this again . I basically bought a rather expensive bag of corn with a few sunflower seeds in it .
 I bought this for the squirrels in my yard , but they evidently do n't like it . The birds will eat it but it takes several days until it 's gone . They all love peanuts , maybe they 're just spoiled .
 I ca n't bring myself to say where you can get these for less that $ 5 each since I 'd rather not promote them , but let 's just say it 's not Target.It 'd need to be made out of solid stainless steel and a whole lot sturdier for me to even consider paying $ 24 ... some one got taken to the cleaners.Brett
 Piece arrived rusted . No time to exchange by Xmas -LRB- item is a gift -RRB- , so I had to search our local stores to find one .
 Trying to replace a pair of grill spatula tongs I had for years . This one is cheaply made and will not last . Awkward to use too .
 Lightweight and the &#34; turners &#34; were undersized . We ordered this as a replacement for our previous tongs which were more than satisfactory . Definitely did not meet our expectations .
 The tongs are functional but cheaply made . But what do you expect for less than $ 5 ? When you add on $ 7.60 shipping - definitely not worth almost $ 12 . Hope they last the summer .
 I ordered these pots 9 months ago . They arrived & were so adorable . After 9 months , they faded , one rusted thru . No drain holes which is poor . They 're very small , perfect for tiny plants . Very disappointed that these did not hold up .
 There must be something in the `` porcelain '' finish of this wok that erodes with cooking . The foul odor permeates any food cooked on it , and by the 3rd time of using , the food cooked on it had to be thrown out.The company did issue a full refund , to their credit . But buyer beware about the safety of this product .
 It appears from the color to be made of metal but it is cheap plastic , if I would have known this I would not have bought it ! I have a Kubota ZD326 mower and the blades are very thick . This balancer does not work well with commercial blades
 This Sharpener is Kinda bogus . The stone is n't coarse enough to grind the blade without going over it at least 20-30 time then it is questionable . I ended up using my file & bench grinder to finish the sharpening job . The Balancer works great .
 The plastic balancer works OK , but the grinder is a total waste . Definitely not something I would buy again .
 After assembling , the furniture looked great . Unfortunately , within days after first use the cushions were dirty and difficult to clean -LRB- unlike other cushions I have had outside -RRB- . Then within another week or so , the cushions got extremely bad mildew and needed to be tossed . Now I need to decide whether or not to buy cushions every year and worry about moving them to storage whenever they are not in use . I would not recommend you buy this furniture unless you live somewhere extremely dry . Very disappointed .
 The armless and ottoman assemble quite easily and the shipping box stamped `` certified frustration free `` The corner chair however does not have the `` certified frustration free '' stamp and it failed to assemble . The sitting board does not fit into the L shape frame . It was off by 3mm - hardslamming will not work with that discrepancyAlso the packing is poor , the corner of the side boardThe arc of the backboard also does n't match with the armless chairThe worst about buying furniture online is the return process , but I had to return it instead of taking the discount option . I think I am going to replace it with another armless to make sure that I do n't have to return the second time
 We 've purchased at least a dozen sets of Woodstock Chimes over the years , -LRB- from Amazon and elsewhere ... -RRB- And have always been delighted by them.They are a quality product and some of the best sounding wind chimes available on the market.But , this particular model was a disappointment . Two of the strings that held up the individual chimes have broken , sending the chimes crashing to the ground.And while we had them hanging outside , -LRB- of course -RRB- they were not directly exposed to the elements . This particular set was kept under the screened in overhang by our front door , protecting them from rain and squirrels and such ... And yet still , the stings have broken.What a shame.They produced a delightful sound with even the most gentle of breezes , and now two of the `` notes '' are gone.This will make me think twice before ordering another set of Woodstock chimes .
 I totally agree with `` where is the music '' very disappointed with these chimes . My bronze earthtone chimes pick up every hint of movement and sound , wonderful . I thought any chimes by woodstock would be great . The middle gong is not wide enough to cause a play sound . to bad , waste of money .
 The plastic handles immediately detached with the first use . Think about it . Plastic handles for a barbecue implement . Who is dumber
 This must be the worst trimmer I have ever owned in my life.Besides being a good item to release some steam by slamming this piece of junk against my sidewalk , everything about this trimmer is bad :1 -RRB- almost next to impossible to start the engine2 -RRB- next to impossible to keep in going for longer than few minutes3 -RRB- next to impossible to control the throttle4 -RRB- shaft not long enough for any comfortable hand positioningSave your money , stay away from this , and probably any other Homelite product . It will make your wallet light but not the work .
 The software basically is awful . The part that is supposed to FTP to a website crashed my XP computer repeatedly despite reinstalls . Emails and calls to the company went unanswered.I interface reminded me of an old DOS based program in its look and limitations.I returned the part and software after several days .
 I Was Told It Would Work With My La Cross Weather Station , Well It Does Not Work.I Will Never But Anything From La Cross Again .
 I live in Central Texas and go through one of these floating chlorinators every 8-10 months . The lids shatter from the intense heat but the manufacturer does n't sell the lids by themselves . I 've seen these advertised as , `` Heavy Duty '' . Trust me , they are more like , `` Light Duty '' .
 The page for this item says `` 12 per pack '' in three different places , so when I placed the order I expected to receive 12 Mesh Bags . However , I only received one . Be wary , purchaser . If the price looks too good to be true , it probably is !
 This gong looks great , but sounds terrible . I bought it to use at a junior high school to reward students for their achievements on tests , however when it arrived on for the legs was loose and the screw was made of brass and stripped when I attempted to fix it . The sound that was posted with this gong must have been from a perfect example or another product . I can make the same sound using pans . I sent it back , Amazon was great with the return and purchased a Zildjian instead . If you are looking for a decorative piece , this gong is great , however if you want it to function spend more on a real gong .
 I would hate to see this peoduct if it was n't -LRB- Deluxe -RRB- It is not as high quality an item as what Iv ' e had in the past , guess you get what u pay for !!! It works but kind of tinney !!! cheap !! I `` m still looking for a better made model , still being a one piece model !
 Well , I 've held my breath for 2 days and am still unhappy with this product . I do n't expect perfection for $ 12 but I do expect better than this.First I went to look at my grill and the basket door had fallen open , spilling the food onto the grill . I had to use skewers to hold the door closed . Also , the door had jammed against the food grid so it was a little bent . Luckily the fuse blew , because I have a rather good rotisserie motor.Ho-hum , that fixed I checked it again after a couple of minutes and the rottiserie was turning but the basket was not . Aha I thought , the clamp screws must have been loosened when the door opened -LRB- they had , the frame must have been very slightly bent -RRB- . I then found out that the frame was too long -LRB- three quarter inch -RRB- and the clamp screws too short -LRB- half inch -RRB- to grip the skewer -LRB- quarter inch -RRB- properly . As I doubt I 'll find longer screws with a metric thread I 'll have to buy some bolts and make my own.All this while trying to get superbowl dinner ready :-LRB- , hence the held breath.Overall quite well made but very poorly designed .
 Stay away from it and just use the shoulder bag . The hose easily gets clogged , and since it is very long it is tedious trying to clear it .
 This item was recommended with the Toro blower . However , the bucket does not allow enough air to pass through . As a result , the blower power is greatly reduced and the cover blows off . A really bad application that does not work .
 Love the concept - light , collapsible for storage , easily adapted to leaf vacuum . But when I picked it up to dump the VERY FIRST LOAD into our compost bin the handle just tore off in my hand ! Because Amazon sent this item in a ridiculously large box -LRB- about 6 '' x 36 '' x 48 '' -RRB- when it could have fit into a box the size of two large pizza 's , and I had already recycled the box , now it will be a big hassle to return it so I 'm stuck with defecto , just waiting for the other handles to come off .
 I have spent over ten hours trying to get the the Toro 51500 Universal Leaf Collector with 8-Foot Hose to stay on the bucket . First I had to use a tie wrap to keep the black hose in the cloth cover . After doing that , I had to buy a bunge cord to hold the cover on the bucket . Again to no avail !! No place for the air to go so it push the cloth cover out from under the bunge cord . The 15 holes in the bottom are not sufficient . I do not believe these items were meants to be used together and I have yet to figure out what the leaf collector is supposed to attach to.This total purchase was a complete waste of money !!
 I am going to quote another review : `` I have one of the original buckets that Toro put out about 6 + yrs ago . I bought it at Home Depot . Now , HD does n't carry them anymore , so when I saw it on Amazon , I bought it . The `` new , '' bucket is a sign of the times ; made somewhere like China , and created from inferior materials relative to the original . The siding material on the original was canvas , and the spring was much , much more durable ; the diameter of the metal in the coil was almost double . This stronger spring enable the bag to stand on it 's own , especially with a full bag inside . The new one starts to `` collapse , '' slightly when the bag starts getting full . In addition , the old bag would `` hold the load , '' when you started filling , and if some got caught on the edge . The new bag collapses like a wet noodle . I paid the exact same price for both . The bag was easier to get out of the newer one , as my older one would create more vacuum . In fact , the bottom fell out of my older one , actually making it easier when the bag 's full to lift the hoop over ... all in all , I guess my expectations were to get a bag just like my original ... but , did n't . I believe the weaker spring should be upgraded to the original . `` This is a way inferior product from the original ... feel like I got ripped off ... Do NOT buy !!!! ... Emailed Toro questioned them on this being a totally inferior product to the original/no response ...
 I have been using a Lawson Products Easy Bagger for years and prefer it . It goes inside my plastic bags , is easy to remove , has no fabric on which mold and mildew can grow , and is less than half the price . Hard to beat the Lawson Products Easy Bagger .
 This bag is very pretty and nicely made , but I do n't get the idea of how to use it . It has a hard time staying up -LRB- the spring needs to be a little stronger -RRB- . But that was n't really a problem . Pulling a loaded bag out of it is really hard to do . I have been using a plastic garbage can with some holes drilled in the bottom -LRB- lets the bag come out easily -RRB- and costs much less . Storage is nice on this , but if you ca n't use it to do what it 's supposed to do why store it ! I 'll take a plastic garbage can any day.Jack
 hose pops out , the thing tips over.I had to use a giant hose clamp to hold it on then the bag finaly blew off the tub .
 It 's a nice bucket but its way too big to fit a trash bag over the edge and if I ca n't do that , so that the leaf mulch ends up in a bag , I have to do the extra work of bagging the mulch out of it . I could have done that without spending the money . I want my money back !
 I have one of the original buckets that Toro put out about 6 + yrs ago . I bought it at Home Depot . Now , HD does n't carry them anymore , so when I saw it on Amazon , I bought it . The `` new , '' bucket is a sign of the times ; made somewhere like China , and created from inferior materials relative to the original . The siding material on the original was canvas , and the spring was much , much more durable ; the diameter of the metal in the coil was almost double . This stronger spring enable the bag to stand on it 's own , especially with a full bag inside . The new one starts to `` collapse , '' slightly when the bag starts getting full . In addition , the old bag would `` hold the load , '' when you started filling , and if some got caught on the edge . The new bag collapses like a wet noodle . I paid the exact same price for both . The bag was easier to get out of the newer one , as my older one would create more vacuum . In fact , the bottom fell out of my older one , actually making it easier when the bag 's full to lift the hoop over ... all in all , I guess my expectations were to get a bag just like my original ... but , did n't . I believe the weaker spring should be upgraded to the original .
 Very disappointed in this Bucket , it does n't accept the refuse bags . I have a stantard 30Gal garbage can that works better with the bags . You dont need this if you have to vacuum the leaves into the container and then try to get into your refuse bags . What a pain in the bag !
 Even with the grates removed , this basket does not clear my burners . I 've an expensive Weber Gas Grill . Unless I try to modify the thing , this can not work . It should have been tested on gas grills . I 'm not sure what grill this can work on . Waisted my money .
 I have a small back yard , and my husband and I love to sit out there in the evening and chat , or read a book . Unfortunately that rest and relaxation has been taken over by mosquitoes ! I bought this product after reading some reviews and thought I 'd give it a try . Having multiple dogs , it was very important that whatever I put back there be safe for them , too.We sprayed the yard as directed , but noticed absolutely no decline in the number of blood sucking monsters lurking about . The seller did provide speedy delivery , and it arrived on time , unfortunately the product simply did nothing for our mosquito problem .
 This is poorly made . The net came apart at the pole within a month after I purchased . I recommend you look for another product .
 I squeezed out all the product I could into a 2 ounce plastic bottle to be able to get through TSA screening . That it should do , BUT LESS than 2 ounces came out . See two photos on product page
 I am in MOSQUITO CENTRAL ... with West Nile Virus at the peak of its season & when I applied this , I was bitten at least 20 times in 10 minutes.I looked for a expiration date but there was not one.I am sure this is expired or it would have worked.This was a waste of money & now I have to pray those bites are not from infected mosquitos.West Nile is DEADLY !!!!
 Product worked well . No mosquito bites . Rubbed lightly on skin and clothing . Pump spray would probably work well also .
 We purchased this product to use on our deck for the summer . The package was complete , with everything we needed to assemble the arbor , but it would have been nice if everthing fit as expected . I always thought 10x13 was the same everywhere , but this 10x13 is only 10x12 .5 . We had a terrible time putting the framing together , and it was impossible to attach the plastic tarp to the frame , without figuring out our own way to secure it . Once secured , the framework bows in several places , and it looks terrible . We had such a terrible experience assembling this -LRB- although we 've put one up each summer for the past 8 years -RRB- , that we were not going to return it , and go through having to erect another . We are , however , keeping our fingers crossed that it makes it to September , like our other arbors have done in the past .
 This is an overpriced piece of junk . The canopy is less than two weeks old and the poles have started to rust . The directions to assemle are about useless . The guy ropes -LRB- STRING -RRB- and stakes are of no use . Please spend a few more dolars and buy a canopy from one of your local `` super '' stores . I have done this and I can now see the product and return it easily if I do not like it .
 It is a terrible tent . No real instruction and it does n't hold up at all . Very hard to put up and the fabric does n't fit the frame .
 After I opened the package , I realized that it 's NOT a brand new item . The metal tubes are rusted and the top has irregular pattern . Since it 's NOT easy to return , so I had no choice but keep it.I will not buy anything from Amazon.com again .
 I can not believe acehardwareoutlet has the nerve to sell this 5 dollar roachspary for 58 dollars . This is crazy this is a really good product and it kills the bugs on contact , but I gave it one star because of the price . STOP RIPPING SHOPPERS OFF !
 For the price this product is very disappointing . It is extremely thin and the quality of the print is less than stellar . It will likely go in the garbage after the first wind next fall . Do n't waste your money !
 This flag is the lowest-quality garden flag we 've ever had.The fabric is very thin -LRB- I can see through it -RRB- and has a paper-y feel to it . I 'm guessing it 's only going to last a couple of months.The design is bright , but it 's -LRB- a -RRB- printed , not appliqued and -LRB- b -RRB- on one side only.Finally , all of our other garden flags are 13 '' x 18 '' -- this one is 11 '' x 15 '' and it just looks small on our pole . Admittedly , it says the size in the description , I just did n't realize it was smaller than `` standard . `` This was a real disappointment . I 'm giving it two stars as the description is n't technically incorrect ; I just expected it to be of higher quality .
 First I must say this is an excellent grill for direct over flame cooking , but for slow cooking you should just look elsewhere . Vere disappointed since I was sold on their `` grill , smoke and bake '' motto . Smoke for me is 10 hours plus smoking . Sure you can smoke for fewer hours but you just cant get the full experience with this grill.Maximum time I was able to get was 3 and half hours . Used lump -LRB- premium brand available locally from hickory and oak -RRB- , briquette -LRB- commercial type available to restaurants only , also available at the place where I buy -RRB- twice the size of the kingsford brand . I could not get more than four out of any charcoal , no matter the method -LRB- minion -RRB- . This grill needs constant care to be able to keep temperatures below 250 degrees , not to mention that it takes at least thirty minutes to get from initial 450 to 250 smoking temp . The temp dial is not accurate . Had maverick probes in the grill surfaces both top and bottom , and temperature was 50 degrees hotter that built in probe . The vents are not responsive and the draft is disappointing . The exhaust is badly designed to be below the grill , you can easily over smoke if proper care is not taken with the amount of smoking wood . The material used for the fire box and stainless hood is very thin , very dangerous for kids that can easily get their hands scorched , specially since the fire box runs all the way down to inches from the floor . The tempered glass is a nightmare to clean and I have deemed it useless . Just from two smokes it is almost not visible . And I do n't like spending an hour scraping the glass with a safety razor to clean because cleaning solutions from the store dont work , unless you want to get more heavy acid based solutions for cleaning commercial refrigeration coils . But not sure if it safe having that stuff close to where you will cook for your family . So I have given up and just dont clean it at all . So I cant even see nothing through that glass.Overall the grill is a good idea and concept , just not very well designed although the excellent craftsmanship is noted from the minute you get it out the box . Excellent for grilling burgers , steaks , chicken , and even baking bread . But just not for smoking which is what I thought I would get with this do it all grill . Not the case and feel I would have been better served spending 3/4 less than what I payed for here . Thank GOD I did not buy the all stainless model . Be warned that this grill can get REALLY HOT 1000 plus degrees ! so be mindful of children around and also look out for the powdered steel care . Since at that high of a temperature , the coat will burn and you will have exposed steel soon to rust.I would not recommend this to my friends , only if they were filthy rich and did not know what smoking is .
 clutch fit and looked nice out of the box , but all it does is slip and grind . it smokes , discolored the drum . complete CRAP .
 I bought this clutch for use on my doodlebug mini-bike with the 6.5 hp swap . It works for a little while , but does n't last long . It quickly becomes really jerky , and smokes . At full rpm it will fully engage , but it 's a bumpy ride getting there . I highly recommend instead going with the Hillard clutch if your using it for mini-bikes , or go-karts .
 Had high hopes for this prop , it could 've been better , but when whoever packed it used a box too small and just shoved it in there . So when I finally received it , needless to say it was all crippled up . To sad
 It is NOT a smoker , it is simply an overpriced charcoal grill for making steaks and hamburgers . There is no way to control the air effectively , so in the end , you have an uncontrollable fire , and the grill has VERY limited uses . The only fire control you have is the ability to raise or lower the fire . Too bad you can not control the temperature/air which is critical for smoking . For the price , you would be much better off with so many other grills . Forget low and slow with this grill . not possible .
 I bought a Swan Soft and Supple hose at a local hardware store many years ago , and it was excellent . Later , when I wanted to buy more , the local store was gone -LRB- a victim of the big store I 'll leave out of this -RRB- . I found that particular hose was still available online , and bought a few more . -LRB- I have a large lot , and need 175 ' of hose in front and in back . -RRB- This last hose , however , was terrible . If you 're dragging a hose and it gets a loop , pulling from a distance just results in it folding and kinking . I do n't know if these hoses are out of production and have been sitting on the shelf too long , or they 're no longer being made with the quality of materials they were years ago . This will be the first time I 've ever scrapped a nearly new hose , but it 's just too terrible to bother fighting with . I 'm trying another brand that has good reviews here on Amazon , and wo n't be buying Swan again , ever .
 This is the most frustrating piece of equipment I own ! Unless you have a professionally leveled piece of land it will not set up right . Last year it took me 4 fills before I finally gave up and said `` good enough '' even though on one side there was still about 8 inches of wall when I lifted up the ring . If you do n't guide the filling every step of the way it will go up slanted , / __ / , and not straight up . This year the ring has holes in every place it was folded for winter storage in my finished basement . I 've found 7 of the holes , but the ring is still leaking so there must be more . I 'll be buying a different pool for next year !
 This will be the 4th weekend we have tried to get this pool up . As other reviewers stated unless your lawn is completely level you will have problems . Our lawn was about 8 '' off . We filled in with sand , surrounded by boards , raked , used a level , used string , did everything we were supposed to . When we filled we could tell it was a little off . My daughter got in , water started going over the off side and then it was like a tidal wave and washed sand away . This was going to be my mother 's day dream present and it has turned into my worst nightmare .
 I bought this on monday and returned it on tuesday . If the ground is not 100 % level , do n't waste your time . It looked fun and easy . It was neither . Other people say it was fine , but they also said they were level . My backyard was off by about 6 inches left to right and that was enough to only let the pool fill about 20 inches . When you first fill it if one inch of water is not even you will probably have a problem . Good luck getting it back in the box . Lesson learned .
 I have to take exception with the other review . I bought two of these and they simply do not work . The problem is there is a protective , non-electrified grid on each side of the electrified grid . This means you somehow have to get the bug to touch the middle grid for it to work . Most of the time the bug simply bounces off the non-electrified grids and flies away . Save your money .
 we liked the item while it lasted but it did n't for very long . we do n't have kids playing with it . it 's just my husband using it . it quit after about a month ...
 Ordered two of these Racquet Zapper Electronic Fly Swatter . One never worked - the other worked great for about a week and then stopped working also . Never again .
 I bought the zapper and AA batteries at Walmart . Sigh ... I 'm so disappointed . Flies want to land on the edges of it or other areas that wont kill them . Then I tried swinging it around like you do a tennis racket and it makes the flies fly away . I probably got more laughs from my family than bugs killed . Yes another ploy to take poor people 's money without them realizing . : -LRB-
 The product did not work . the light lit up as if it had power but did nothing to any sort of insect
 This has got to be the worst bug zapper in the world . I bought mine at Walmart for the list price , $ 10 . Boy , was that a mistake . The bugs , as was mentioned in a top review , have to fly THROUGH the racket and touch the inner electrified mesh and the exposed ground mesh in order to spark . The mesh is very flimsy and just the slightest pressure on it causes it to bend and bridge the connection between the mesh . In other words , it short-circuits the racket and ruins it , not to mention its extremely dangerous as this can cause the batteries to explode.Do NOT buy this . It lasted me 2 days until it stopped working completely . Spend an extra $ 10 and get `` The Jolt '' instead .
 I bought 3 of these and not ONE worked !!! To ship them back would cost more than I paid but why are they allowed to sell such items inthe first place ? PLEASE do n't waste your money too !!!
 The plastic cap flew off the first time I started my weed eater . It is just a square head bolt pressed into a plastic knob . There is not anything to hold it together . Absolutely not a replacement part as described . Best advice I can give is to look elsewhere and do n't loose your money .
 This new bump head busted after only a couple uses . Not sure if it 's the overall design being poor or what , but I was n't vey happy with it .
 I have n't used the chains yet-its an oregon chain so it should be fine . My problem is with mowtown who charges $ 17.99 for the chain and then adds $ 8.99 for shipping . I ordered 2 chains and they charged shipping twice and sent them both in the same box . That works out to $ 26.98 per chain . They have been very uncooperative in settling this matter . You are better off at your local dealer .
 This is my third such thermometer in three years . Unlike the previous two that ` died of old age , ' this one has failed to function properly from day one . The two temperature readings are off by 2-4 degrees F and the clock works but tells the wrong time . My experience to date makes me think that `` Made in China '' has the same negative connotation that `` Made in Japan '' had before WW2 . The indoor case looks good , is easy to read and provides illumination on demand , all good features . But one should n't judge by the cover .
 I bought this from Lowe 's about a month and a half ago . I used it a couple times and it seemed that the run time was quite short . Thinking that ni-cads sometimes need a few charges before they reach full capacity , I 've run it down and and charged it probably about 6-7 times now . After the last couple of charges , I tested the run-time by starting the shears and letting it run until it came to a full stop . It only ran 7 minutes on the first test and less than 6 minutes on the second test . I did n't use it to cut anything during either test and the unit had been continuously charging for several days before each test . Obviously , the unit would n't cut anything substantial well before it comes to a dead-stop , so I probably have 5 minutes at most -LRB- I think I 'm being generous with this estimate -RRB- of actual use before the battery becomes depleted . In contrast , the manual says that it takes 16 hours to fully charge the battery and that I should have 8-10 minutes of run-time after 4 hours of charging.I should have returned this piece of junk before the 30-day store return policy expired . Now I 'll probably be stuck with having to mail it back to B&D ; at my expense . My bad ...
 I bought these trimmers to trim around my pool deck because my brother in law had an earlier model and loved them . Let me tell you they are a complete piece of junk . They will not trim more than a couple blades of grass thick , after using them about 3 times they just completely died . I would never buy them again .
 This thing is horrid . After a 48 hour charge , I was able to get 5 minutes of use out of it before the battery died . To make matters worse , during that five minutes the thing clogged up constantly - on a single blade of grass , no less !
 I purchased this to do some light trimming so I did n't have to get out the full fledged weed eater for small jobs . It has a short run time so I ended up pulling out an extension cord . If used for anything besides very sparse areas it becomes stuck and stops . I will be returning it for a pair of handheld manual shears which are about 1/4 of the price and will do the job 4 times as fast .
 The GS700 cordless grass shears work best with sparcely growing grass and grind to a halt when challenged with thick clumps of grass . The shears must be charged immediately prior to use , which requires them to be always plugged-in unless you are very scheduled with your yard work .
 In a world of 18 and 24 volt rechargeables , I was hugely disappointed in this product . I bought it this spring to replace my manual sheep shears I 'd used for 20 years , hoping to be able to reach those tight spots I ca n't reach with my string trimmer more quickly.It binds on almost anything , ca n't handle the occasional tall fescue flower stalk , and if I 'm really careful with my trimming , I can get almost 10 minutes of real use out of the battery , which is less than half what the product description claims . Although it 's a really cool looking trimmer , I think I 'll buy a new pair of sheep shears .
 If I could rate this item zero stars I would . It is totally useless . It jams up with grass when in use . It has no power whatsoever . As for the optional handle , do n't even think of buying it . It makes the trimmer even less powerful . If that is possible . I have ordered two trimmers thinking that the first one was defective . Well , they are both defective . Now I am going to have to pay a bunch of return postage because Amazon says that it is not their fault.It is your fault Amazon . You should not be selling sub-standard products.PS
 Battery dies quickly then goes permanenty dead after a few charges . Do n't why I bought another black and decker product .
 I get about 5 minutes of use even though they 've been charging for weeks . It constantly jams . The button does n't lock in place which would become tiresome if it ran longer than 5 minutes . This is junk .
 I 've had the misfortune of having these lousy shears for two seasons -LRB- Ohio -RRB- . I purchased these shears to trim grass around objects I did n't want to use the string trimmer around . The blades bind even in thinner sections of grass . This is due , in part , to very sorry power . In its second season of use , the battery lasts about 5 minutes after a full charge . The blades are also very dull.Black & Decker is n't my favorite brand of tool , but it usually does n't produce junk like this . Stay away .
 I totally agree with the other review of the product . I have charged this tool for over 24 hours & barely get 10 minutes of work out of it before it dies completely . It will not stay charged long enough to do any work with . Plus , I have not been able to find a replacement battery for it , thinking maybe this would help . So I will be donating it somewhere to someone who only needs 5 - 10 minutes of grass cutting time . I definitely would not recommend it at all !
 Even with a full charge , this feeble trimmer jams if you try to cut more than a few blades of grass . It is a completely inferior product . I can not find the receipt so mine is headed for the trash . I would n't even give this product to charity it is so bad .
 They are less efficient than I expected . The cutting quality is poor . Next time I 'll opt for a goat
 I bought this in May and am disappointed and disgruntled . The first time I used it , the charge lasted about twenty minutes . Subsequent attempts to use this after a full charge have been providing me with less usage time before having to recharge it yet again . I am lucky to get 7 or 8 minutes now and I have to finish the job with a cord trimmer . This might not seem like a big deal , but I have a large yard and a lot of fencing and landscaping to trim around and this just doe n't cut it in terms of a dependable and long lasting charge . When the battery is functioning properly it does a decent job of trimming , but I ca n't recommend it to anyone with a large yard because you 'll very possibly trimming for days.There are two things that are nice about this trimmer . It is easy to hold and it does a nice job when it comes to trimming grass in tight places . If you do n't need long battery life , this trimmer may be great for someone with a small yard or no need to trim a lot .
 We bought this grass shears because we have had great success with other Black & Decker products . However , after just a few minutes of using these shears , your thumb ca n't take any more . I understand the need for safety but it is ridiculous that you ca n't turn this tool on without having to hold the trigger and the thumb switch at the same time . I guess you ca n't trust people to turn something on and off . When I operate my battery lawn mower , I only have to hold one switch down . I am now going to replace these shears . You will see these for sale on E-Bay shortly !!
 This will be my third season in utilizing these worthless shears . It is hard to believe that B & D would put their name on them knowing the quality of some of the tools they manufacture . Heed all you read about these shears in the reviews that appear here ... they are all true and I have experienced all of them . Thank goodness I did not invest in the extension handle which must really be a joke in attempting to use them with that attached . Save your money and look for a better more dependable product that holds a charge for at least 1/2 half hour or more because these shears will die on you within ten minutes especially if you have to trim grass ... YIKES !
 I own a lot of power equipment and this thing wins the award for the biggest waste of $ $ . Other B&D products I own work well . What a let down !
 Poor battery life . Even worse customer service . My model GS700 batteries died after two years . I called B&D to try to get new batteries and they gave me the phone number of an independent repair outlet whose website live chat was unable to find the batteries either . I 'll sell you my GS700 and extension handle -LRB- still new in the box -RRB- for $ 20 , free shipping in the good ol' continental USA . Good Luck !
 The unit smelled burned when it arrived and when I advised Amazon of it 's condition before I used it they ask if I would try it . It operated a 60 Watt TV for about 5 minutes before the low voltage indicator beeped . It had drawn down my charged Group 27 battery . Amazon sent me postage for a return with no problem . I ca n't say much for the Vector product but Amazon 's return policy is great . Even though I have not been advised of a re-imbursement I expect one soon . It 's only been about a week since I shipped the inverter back.Jerry .
 The part # 40-5940 represents two different Toro switches . The plug-in blades are positioned differently on each . Also one is slightly longer than the other so that it does not fit .
 good idea , tongs were made from solid construction but the handle doesnt close all the way and my hands -LRB- or the normal human hand -RRB- isnt big enough to open the tongs wide enough to pick up a crab because of the amount of space between the handles when the tongs are completely closed . the handle does not completely close
 I do n't know abut this product because I have not received this item yet.UPS was the shipper and They havenot done anything about this .
 There are irresponsible companies and there is Monstanto . These guy are the biggest trolls out there . If you are a farmer and you own land next to a farmer who uses Roundup , you will get sued , and you will pay because their lawyers are better . Why would anyone -LRB- knowingly -RRB- buy their products ?
 can not say how well this product actually works since it came with a defective sprayer . I have to go to the store and buy another spray bottle to transfer the contents to . Monsanto sucks .
 I bought this thinking I could use it to clean my lanai . First , the product leaked at the hose end attachment , so I had to replace the washer with one that actually worked . Second , the pressure was really poor . It did n't clean any better than a typical garden sprayer . Third , I tried to make use of it for watering my plants , but my regular garden spray head had a farther reach on the `` jet stream '' mode . Finally , it broke and almost killed my husband at the same time after only four times I tried to use it . Basically what happened was that he had in the `` off '' position and then turned on the water full blast . There was a creaking noise , and then a sudden loud BANG , at which time the euroblaster blasted apart from the pressure . There were long sharp pieces of blue plastic that went flying everywhere and probably could have blinded my husband . I heard the bang which sounded like a gunshot , and my husband comes stumbling around the corner with blue plastic shards in his hair and stuck to his soaking wet shirt . He was momentarily deaf and seemed a little in shock . I went over to check the hose , and there were pieces everywhere . Even now after three weeks , I still am finding blue plastic bits in the yard.The package does not have any warranty or contact information on it , so I guess I lost out on 20 bucks . Do n't get this piece of junk .
 I tried these products , only to have a bunch of usless pieces and chunks of just bark . I also found pieces with mold spots , termite holes and dried up termites . Most of the wood is so old that it burns up immediatly with very little smoke . I had to use an entire bag just to get a 1/16 '' smoke ring on my brisket.I tried another company ... fruitawoodchunks.com . I recieved my box 2 days after ordering at no extra cost . The box was packed tight . They placed each piece into the box and got it completely full . The smell of fresh fruit was abundent . I used the wood on my next brisket and was amazed at the quality of the wood . It was properly seasoned , and 6-8 golf ball size pieces smoked for almost 45 minutes . I used less than 1/5 of the wood and got a 3/8 smoke ring on my brisket . I have enough wood for 4 more smokes and it cost me less per pound than any of these products here . They also have specials that give you additional discounts , and after you first purchase they send you a coupon code to get 10 % off all your future purchases .
 There are a few different types of smoke wood listed on amazon with the same picture . I ordered apple and cherry chunks about three weeks ago . I assumed these were from the same company , but beware . . if you buy from KEDcorp you 're likely to get ripped off!While this listing is for 9 lbs of wood , I only recieved a small , 3 lb bag in the mail . I contacted the seller , KEDcorp , who said they would look into it . It has now been over a week since that contact , and they have not responded back.There are other sellers here on amazon that you can buy apple wood chunks from , for a significantly better price per pound . I suggest supporting those sellers , who offer a better deal and are not false advertising . I wo n't be buying from KEDcorp in the future .
 I placed my order on 2-11-2010 . I was suppose to receive my product by 3-8-2010 . I tried to contact the seller on 3-11-2010 and have not heard anything back from them . I would not recommend ordering from this seller and I would recommend Amazon removed them as a seller on there site .
 Yes it siphons from the bucket as long as there are no restrictions on the hose . No lawn sprinkler , no drip system , nothing can go on the end of the hose without disturbing the siphoning action . So yes , I could just walk around the yard with a bare hose end . Bought the item to make things easier not more difficult or time consuming .
 Our deep cycle battery and this unit do not get along . I wanted to use it at our cabin , but the shutoff is too sensitive . The light turns red as soon as you put a load on it . I have a much cheaper 40W unit that works better .
 I finally got to try this thing out after having it for two months.Hiked four miles into a lake using my new PN-40se gps , spent the night and the next morning I plugged the gps in to charge it , everything looked to be going well so I let it charge for about 15 minutes and re-checked it only to find the screen blank -LRB- as it was on when I started -RRB- so I unplugged and tried to turn it on , and nothing . Very unhappy ! . When I got back to the truck I found the gps still worked if I put regular battery 's in it , so it ruined my brand new rechargeable batts.Be warned -LRB- check it out before you go ! -RRB-
 This product is defective . The door does not drop when triggered but simply hangs up , at an angle , in the slots . No damage was evident so it must be a design defect . Worthless ! I returned it .
 Chip monks & squirrels were eating my potted cherry tomato vine . I thought a $ 20 investment is worth the joy of your own fresh juicy tasty tomatoes . I got one guy but next a squirrel got in . This guy could n't get out but fought the cage out of shape . By the time I dropped him off 5 miles away , the cage was no longer usable . The door did n't slide smoothly any more . They kept coming into the trap , eating my cut fruits and thanking me . I attracted more critters than before ! Need sturdier stuff . Meanwhile I already paid too much for my tomatoes !
 Havahart , like most other companies , in order to continue to be profitable , have made their traps with less metal than before . The trap is lighter , and the door , since it 's no longer as heavy as it was , sometimes does not slam down quick enough to catch the prey . It works as well as it can given the quality of the materials now in the trap .
 I always use humane traps to capture critters that need to be relocated so have tried most of them . This one takes way too much tweaking to work correctly and sometimes does n't work no matter what . The door either does n't shut all the way or wo n't come down at all . The old two door style worked much better than this thing . I 'm sorry I bought it but the barn rats are sure glad I did .
 Caught one baby squirrel . Next day an adult squirrel flipped over cage and broke the piece of plastic and it does not work - Lasted one day
 I think the trigger mechanism could be more secure , with perhaps a small notch in the metal rod to help hold the other metal rod positioned againt it in place . I also think placing bait in it is awkward to do - i.e. you ca n't do it easily if the trap is on the ground as your hand/arm ca n't bend that way into the trap so I had to hold it up which often resulted in bait falling out as the bottom is not a solid sheet of aluminum . Returnd the trap and purchased 1 from Safeguard .
 THE DOOR THAT IS SUPPOSED TO DROP DOWN WHEN THE RODENT IS INSIDE DOESNT GO DOWN FAST ENOUGH AND THE RODENT GETS OUT BEFORE THE DOOR CLOSES .
 After four attempts to trap a small rat failed I ordered &#34; Snap-E Mouse Trap by Kness &#34; a $ 2.56 trap that worked on the first attempt .
 I have had this out for several months employing several different baits . The bait gets eaten but the trap so far has not been triggered ever .
 The product arrived as promised and in good condition ; however , I do not care for the way the trap mechanism has been changed from the older model . I still have and use the older trap of this size , as well as the 2 larger sizes that use the older trap system .
 Purchased this trap but recommend the Havahart 1025 model instead of this trap . Only one door to this trap and not an inviting as the model with two doors -LRB- # 1025 -RRB- to encourage pests to run through the trap and catch them much easier ! Save your money and order Havahart 1025 model -- it works better . Still have n't caught a thing with this trap .
 Save your money . This trap will not work . The mechanisum that sets the trap is eaisly defeated by the animals you are trying to trap . The result is that the trap is constantly sprung with no animal inside .
 The trap does not work because the cage door arrived bent . Thus the door does not slide shut .
 Squirrels are very clever . When the ` see ' a wire mesh cage they do not go in . The cage that has two trap doors so the squirrels can see clear to the other side whould have been able to trap better than the one-door model . The squirrels around my yard constantly bumped my trap and knocked the seeds -LRB- sunflower -RRB- out of the pan and out of the trap . They had a wonderful breakfast at my expense , the little buggars !
 The trap trigger catch is poorly designed and manufactured . Any animal can easily trip the trap without even trying to .
 Too many times the bait was missing with the door opened or closed . Trip plate not sensitive enough for chipmunks . Tried to put rocks on plate , still no luck . Even tried to put magnets on the door for extra weight still trap was empty with bait gone and the door open.Amazon was great they took back the traps for a full refund , there return policy is the best . I am going to purchase havahart 1025 and see if the do the trick .
 This Havahart trap is junk ... supposed to be for chipmunks , but the way it 's set allows them to get the bait without setting off the trap . This has happened quite a few times . I 'd try another brand ,
 This thing was never designed to work in any practical manner . The trigger mechanism was almost impossible to set , and work . Better off with one of the swing down doors as my large Havaheart has . avoid the frustration .
 For some reason this year the ground squirrel problem is worse then usual -LRB- Southern California -RRB- so I check Amazon for traps and the Havahart web site and pick the 745 model and bought 2 of them . Now the trap works but :1 . You have to set the door at the exact angle or it will hang up when triggered and not catch the squirrel .2 . Big adult squirrels will break out ! Three times the squirrels were able to bend the top of the trap near the door and get out . Which means you now have to spend 1/2 hour fixing the bent parts to use it again . After making the top stronger , they still bend the crap out of the latch spring but at least they do n't get out .3 . If you have dogs beware !!!! Once a squirrel is in the trap they will do worse damage trying to get to the squirrel then the squirrel did to the trap . The trigger rod will be somewhere in the yard to find and then bend back straight.In conclusion , if you do n't have dogs and have small squirrels it 's a good trap . I now purchased the model 1025 but realize as it has no spring latch , if the dogs try to get the squirrel they will probably knock the trap over and as it has no spring latch the squirrel will get out . So now I need to stake the 1025 to the ground . Luckily the dogs are good at catching squirrels . But they do n't get enough of them .
 Chipmunks do n't eat the baits -LRB- peanut butter , peanut , raisin ... -RRB- . Squirrels were trapped and destroyed the case plastic door holder.Save your money , try others . If you must have a life trap , try some that do n't have plastic parts .
 I bought 2 traps , very similar in appearance , at first.The Havahart is the original , simple design just like traps have been made for many years where if the bait pan moves then it drops the door . Simple enough.But - when it was setup outside it got robbed of the bait every night for 2 weeks except for one misfire with nothing in it , and 1 time it caught a mouse . I tried peanut butter and various small grains , like corn , etc. the rodents liked the bait and stole it every night.It may fair better with heavier animals like chipmunks and squirrels that would set it off better , and those are around a lot too but it did n't catch any of those and the mice just eat the bait out of it . So I did n't have much results with this one.I had MUCH better results with a similar sized but far more sensitive product I had n't heard of before called `` Rat , Mouse , Squirrel Trap by Happy Trap '' . http://www.amazon.com/Happy-Trap-HT-1-Mouse-Squirrel/dp/B0006DQPA0/ref=cm_cr_pr_pb_tThat uses several sets of spring loaded and otherwise cleverly positioned rods and springs to make a very sensitive trap . Its balanced well enough that it never misfired either , even outside in the wind . The Happy Trap caught 6 mice and 1 chipmunk in about 10 days and never had a misfire or any stolen bait . Not even once.The Happy Trap is very sensitive and only takes about 7 grams of force to set it off . That 's the weight of just 3 pennies . So even the smallest mouse will set it off . I caught a lot of them and weighed a few by weighting the trap with and without the mouse . A tiny mouse weighed 12 grams and most are about 20 grams each.It took a few minutes the first time I set it up to figure out where to position the trip rods since it 's an uncommon design . Once I knew how to set it , that took just 10 seconds to set it . The door is spring loaded so it snaps shut very fast while the Havahart one relies on gravity to bring the door down , so maybe that 's why it misses . But the main issue is the Havahart trap takes more pressure to set it off , so most of the time various critters just steal the bait.The Havahart trap is more solidly built with heavier gauge wire so that 's good.While the sensitive Happy Trap uses thinner wire . Both types seem to be holding up fine with no issues yet.When used outside , the Happy Trap caught a mouse or chipmunk pretty much every day.I 'm sure it would also work well indoors since I 've caught some really small mice and it never missed a single one . Also , it wo n't whack your cat or dog in the nose if they sniff it since it 's not like a regular spring loaded mouse trap.I got ta run . . time to check my trap line ...
 It was dark but I thought I saw him in there after we heard the trap door shut got gloves and he was gone but door was closed and bread had been moved
 This Havahart trap is effective . A little peanut butter and proper placement and you 're sure to catch the rodent you 're after . Unfortunately , the quality of Havahart products has declined over the years , so if you want to catch more than one critter , better buy several.Today , the 0745 trap I bought 4 months ago became useless when the clip that locks the door shut after a rodent has tripped it simply snapped off , rendering it useless.I do n't mind having to bend Havahart 's highly-effective mousetraps into shape when they arrive . That 's easy . I do mind that the Havahart 0745 is essentially disposable .
 disregard the traps squirrels in the name and description , it 's too small so when the squirrel triggers the trap the squirrel can escape because its tail is holding the door open ! , If it 's squirrels you 're trying to catch , especially brown tree squirrels , I recommend
 When I received it and tested sitting on my lap the trigger and door seemed to work . When I set it on the flat floor in the shed one corner or the opposite corner is always up about 3/8 '' . It has been tripped by the pest once but the door only dropped halfway , the second setting the bait -LRB- smeared creamy peanut butter -RRB- was cleaned/licked off but it did n't trigger the door to come down . I am not impressed one bit . . I think I can secure -LRB- clips at bottom corners -RRB- it to a flat 1 `` x10 '' or something which should take the twist out of it , , hopefully without binding the trigger-to-door linkage , then try again . . I SHOULD NOT have to do anything other than set it , it should simply sit flat and work well since it is new and right out of the box .
 The clip that releases the door came broken . It does not make the trap unusable , I just have to use a screwdriver each time I reset the trap which is kind of a pain . Also , I have yet to catch a chipmunk . If I catch one soon I will rate this item higher .
 We put the trap underneath our house , hoping to catch the pack rats that have set up shop . We have easily caught them in the past -LRB- with a different brand poly material spring loaded trap that a friend let us borrow -RRB- . What we experienced with this wire cage -LRB- 5 times in a row -RRB- was that the door triggered , the peanut butter & other bait was gone , but no rat inside the cage ! Since this seemed to happen very quickly , I set up a spy post to watch the delinquent in action . What was happening is that little mice were squeezing through the wire -LRB- quite easily I might add -RRB- . The mice would enter , eat the bait , trigger the door , and then simply exit through any one of the wire holes . Now , if a pack rat had entered before the mouse , the rat would likely not get out provided the door shut down properly . However , if you are putting this anywhere where smaller mice may also be present ... then you may just end up feeding the mice .
 Havahart 0745 Professional Style One Door Cage Trap for Chipmunks and Rodents 16 x 6 x 6.38 We got this trap after a chipmunk somehow made it inside our house . Here 's the play-by-play so far : Day 1
 I bought this trap at the local hardware store and it worked fine for about 10 days . I caught 4 squirrels and 1 chipmunk all on a bit of peanut butter . The problem is with the spring clip that holds the door closed when the animal springs the trap . The spring clip broke off and the trap is now useless ! I went to their website and they said to mail the trap to them and they would send me a new one but I only spent 30 dollars for the trap and shipping to HavaHart would be like 10 bucks . HavaHart told me they would also send me a new trap if I sent them my sales receipt , which of course I threw away several days before it broke !! AND no parts are for sale for this model of trap !! Seems silly to not sell a door that physically comes off if you turn the trap upside down when it is n't clipped in !!! I am now looking for another trap because the squirrels still think my deck garden is their own personal buffet ! In short I liked the trap but the spring clip on the door is not a good design . It is `` patented '' according to their website , that person needs to go back to engineering school if that is the best they can come up with !! Either that or the specs for the metal are not being followed ! My recommendation is NOT to buy this trap , it will break on you and then be useless !!! Okay after I typed this the HavaHart folks contacted me and after a few emails were exchanged I ended up sending them the broken door and they sent me a whole new trap . I am now happily catching squirrels again ! Thank you HavaHart for sticking with me thru this and standing behind your product as well .
 Purchased 2 of these traps . Upon receipt , I tried them out . The doors would not fully shut -LRB- hung up on the way down -RRB- . I would not recommend these traps because they do not work . Have used the Havahart 2 door traps in the past and would recommend those .
 I gave this animal trap 2 stars because I caught a squirrel and expect more to be trapped . I withheld 2 stars because the door latch was broken within an half hour of the squirrel trying to escape and 1 star was withheld because of the mess that was made by the squirrel getting cut on the sharp edges.The door is easy to open and close . Well it was easier , but one of the side door supports bent . The old one I had was a lot better with the exception of ease of opening the door . I 'll use this trap until my patience wears thin cleaning up each time and then look for something better .
 As always from Amazon the order came on time , the live trap is perfect size for small rabbits & chipmunks but the Qualityis not to Par , the whole cage is out of square & the door did not close properly I had to tape weight to the door tomake it latch properly.but after the repairs I have caught Rodents with this trap .
 We bought a night vision camara to try to catch the mouse that had been living very quietly behind the refrigerator for 2 months and eating our fruit and avocados at night . We `` trained '' the mouse to come into the trap little by little as it IS very cautious of his surroundings -LRB- we have 3 dogs that are not aware of the presence of `` Stu '' as we named our guest rodent -RRB- . We placed the piece of avocado outside the trap , and slowly every night we would move it a couple of inches inside the trap , only to see him on the video leave the trap before the door closes !!! -LRB- 3 times , last time with a piece of the avocado we had tied to the trap -RRB- .
 I just received the unit . It looks like I will have to do lots of `` fine tuning '' . Out of the box , I would say it will take a 20 pound chipmunk to spring the trap . Cheap design . Compared to other Havahart products , this is disappointing . It was inexpensive . I guess you get what you pay for.D
 reviews are mixed . So I think I can give a try . do not ! this will not work . the squirrel eat all the bait and will not trigger the trap . so go with homedepot . at least you can return if it is not working .
 I got this to Trap Squirrels as I have too many around , that were getting into my bird feeders . It did a mediocre job of trapping the animals . It did work in that I got rid of the ones getting into my bird feeders and the squirrels left eat the seeds off the ground and do not bother the feeders .
 I had high hopes for this trap . We have chipmunks laying waste to our tomatoes . So I set it up according to directions and was so happy - I had a chippie in less than an hour . Since then , I either find the bait gone , door down , no chippie , or I find the bait gone , no door down.I think this trap is not good for heavy work - lots of chippies . Chipmunks are very smart and resourceful and figure it out . I probably will not return it since it will cost me too much , but if you are looking to get rid of chipmunks , this is not the tool for you.Waste of $ 23 , glad I had prime and did not paying shipping .
 This sock is like another one I bought previously , in that it is of a very tough material that makes it difficult for the birds to extract the seeds . I have a companion sock that the finches prefer , and they usually leave this one alone . This is a heavy duty sock that makes the finches work for the seeds .
 I have this feeder with the picture of the goldfinch on it and a plain white one next to it . The birds refuse to feed from this one . I think they may be afraid of the picture .
 The finches just do n't seem to like this sock . Myguess is that the netting is stronger than the othersocks that I have . They fight for position on theother socks and do n't go to this one at all -LRB- ok , occasionally I will see a bird light on it , but it ` srare -RRB- . I 'm not going to fill the other socks andsee if they 'll use this one then . I 'll update tolet you know what happens .
 Excerpt from Amazon description
 I got this from Amazon because they were hard to find locally . Dont you know it Lowes and Home Depot have started carrying them now for the same price . This does not have the grow media with it so I had to go to Lowes to get some starter soil for it where I saw Lowes had started carrying them and they had the media included.Yeah I was pissed . This one has a taller dome which was a major attraction for me but the moisture condenses on the dome runs down the sides and pours out of the planter as the dome lip sits on the outside of the tray . So if you have this in the house its gon na make a mess unless you put the tray in a bigger tray to catch the water . So buy it locally that way if you dont like it its easy to return .
 I purchased this dome to start seeds in the winter , and was attracted by the heating pad as well as the taller dome . The design of having the seedling starter cell tray sit on top of the waterproof tray is the first mistake , as the dome collects the water from the humidity inside -LRB- as it should -RRB- but then runs down the sides of the dome and OUT OF THE HOT HOUSE ! I ended up with the heating mat sitting in a puddle of water , and dry plants . The point of the adjustable openings on top is to control the humidity -LRB- nice idea -RRB- but this unit loses all of it 's moisture within 48 hours , and I have to continue to refill it . The peat pellets dry out quickly , wasting my seeds , time , effort and care . I 've trimmed the edges of the cell tray so that there is a small gap between it and the side of the waterproof tray , so hopefully the water will run down the sides of the dome and INTO the tray , so the humidity stays inside . So far , the best part of this whole package is the heating mat . Simply - a hot house designed to maintain warmth and humidity only maintains warmth , it loses all humidity very quickly , and is far inferior a design to the simple , low priced lower domed trays I had used in the past . I am considering adding a flange of packing tape on the inside of the bottom edge of the dome to direct the condensation back into the tray rather than onto the floor .
 I find that convenience often outweighs the quality or even usability of the product . The thought that you could just place your plants out of sight out of mind while some miraculous grow kit does the work for you is an ideal based on nonsense . If it was that easy , there would n't be instructions.I have found that warmth assists in germination over 40 years of gardening . But I do n't buy a dedicated germination kit . The standard seeding kits available for $ 3.00 are fine . I have one I like for the windowsill , not because I love the brand or soil it contains , but because it FITS ON THE WINDOWSILL !! That makes it convenient for me and agreeable to the wife.Heating pads are kind of silly . The cost is ridiculous and , if you really want to heat your seedlings , then put an electric blanket or throw under them . You can get a single blanket electric or throw for about $ 20 and you can sit like 6 of these starter trays on them and warm them all with a totally reusable unit.I did notice that when on the electric blanket , the seedlings start a bit earlier . And if in a colder area -LRB- basement/attic -RRB- the blanket was essential to get them to kick into gear . But the blanket is huge and you can cover a much wider starting area . If you want a smaller area , fold the blanket . Low temp is usually enough to keep my kit around 70 , but your environment may be different . Do n't put either outside in 20 degree weather or you will get chilling results.At any rate , these warming seed starting kits are a waste of money . If you have absolutely no sun exposure or are starting so many you ca n't keep them in the house on a window sill or near any window , then get a heating blanket and a grow light . Much cheaper in the long run .
 ... and you can wind up with much better quality
 I HAVE PLANTS IN IT.NOW IT CUTS IN AND OUT THE MATT GETS COLD AT TIMES.BUT IT 'S MY BABY I HAVE PLANT IN IT . THANK YOU
 i have used it for a week and had go buy a new heating mat , had needed it . and the dome side vent missing had to tape one side of it , sad .
 One out of the two hydro-farms i received was missing one of the side vents ... i believe this was done during packaging ...
 Product said it includes 72 seed starting Coco Plugs . When I got the product , no plugs . Called Amazon and they said the plugs do come with it , so a replacement was sent , but was the same as the first . Called Amazon again and they said the dealer could no longer offer this product , so i found another dealer and got CK64061 that came with the plugs.The product itself works great and really helps increase germination rates , product just could use a more detailed instructions -LRB- which has no growing tips -RRB- .
 I bought this hoping to speed up a late start on a few veggies . I planted a dozen different seeds using potting soil in the cell tray . After 24hrs I took off the dome and was just about over whelmed by a strong chemical smell . I left the cover off for a couple of hours and the smell lessened somewhat . I put the dome back on and left it over night . The next day the strong smell was back . So I left the dome off and covered the tray with plastic wrap . Again next day same smell just as strong . I determine that the smell was from the bottom tray . I move the cell tray to an old garden tray and rigged the dome on to it . Two weeks later nothing has germinated and the soil still smells faintly of the chemical . Whatever the chemical vapor was it killed my seeds .
 I returned this to Amazon for the poor quality . The plastic vents were warped - they did not seal right and kept popping off . The plastic is just too thin to really be of any quality .
 I cooked my seeds with this contraption . The heating pad would be infinitely better if it had temperature control . Though all in all I like that all the components were included .
 I ordered this as it appeas to have an angled heating element , as does the one offered by Big Green Egg . The starter they sent was not angled , but straight like a ` typical ' charcoal starter . ANTONLINE refused to anser my emails so I resorted to Amazon for a refund .
 The angled electric charcoal starter that is advertised in this ad is not what the seller sends you . You get a straight charcoal starter not an angled one . This seller is dishonest and writes a misleading ad .
 I bought this product because it was relatively cheap and I wanted to see if it was any better than what I currently was using when needed
 This is a really cheaply made product and completely inadequate for the desired purpose . The rope/twine needs to be cut and the ends started to come unraveled prior to instillation . The two pieces of hose to run the cord through were kinked and it was difficult to feed the cord . After all was said and done , I had to improvise in order to get everything aligned properly and it took me nearly 30 minutes to do so . Even at $ 6 , it 's overpriced . Jobe 's should be ashamed ...
 The stand is wobbly . The hammock material is thin . I wanted to send it back but the shipping was too much and they also wanted a restocking fee . Sorry I bought it and sorry I bought it from this company .
 The product arrived , the vendor called me and wanted me to help them market themselves by posting here that they managed to ship the item . Yeah , it 's fine now take me off of your calling list , please .
 This product sounded like a good idea - was hard to assemble and stabilize - also I do not think the thermostat worked - EVERYDAY the water was frozen solid - took down and used another product . Wish I could return it - for what I paid for it - was NOT up to my expectations . Did call the company twice - with no solution .
 What API does n't tell you as that you can not use a long electrical extension cord with this bath . I only found out after replacing my extension cord , buying a voltage indicator , and finally calling the company .
 Put simply , so not waste your time and money on this product . Worthless ! Neither the desription or the actual functionality of this item are evn close to what a signal generator should be .
 I purchased one of these three years ago - lightweight , heated.At this point , the bath itself is stained - unable to be cleaned.The footed legs have rusted off.The heating element has separated from the bath .
 it does not heat at all , water freezes and i threw out box already . i do n't know if mine is defective or they are all non heating .
 Very flimsy stand and difficult to put together . I expected better quality for the price .
 This was one of the worst purchases I have ever made . First , it was impossible to mount on my deck railing , even after getting assured by customer service it would work . Then , I got a stand for it and had the `` certified '' extension cord running to it . Within 2 weeks the plug from the bird bath that went into the extension cord CAUGHT ON FIRE !!!!!!! I called the company -LRB- again -RRB- and they told me that it is not their fault and they would not do anything for me . Period . I left 3 messages for the `` manager '' and they have still not called me back . Incidentally , they are located VERY close to me and I even offered to bring the product to them so they could see it . They wanted nothing to do with me doing that . I highley recommend NOT buying this bird bath or any other made by Allied . Now I am out around $ 100 -LRB- bird bath , stand , extension cord -RRB- with nothing to show for it .
 Yes , it works , but is badly overpriced . A few issues that I 'd be willing to overlook if it were $ 20-30 less :1 . Water temperature routinely hits 70-80F , measured with a digital thermometer , when ambient is above freezing . Mfr says this is normal . Basically , the thermostat is n't sensitive . If you do n't mind paying to run a hot tub for birds , here you go .2 . Difficult to level . The bath is made of two pieces , a base that screws to the deck railing , and a bowl that screws to the base . If you 're hoping to level the base with a torpedo and screw the bowl on it , lots of luck . I think you might be able to assemble the whole thing , fill it , and then level it .3 . Emptying it is difficult . It does n't tilt like some others . You have to unscrew it , which means you 're going to get bird bath water all over yourself . I 've found letting the water freeze and then heating it enough to lift the block of ice out is effective .4 . There does n't seem to be much clearance under the bowl . If your extension cord had a heavy duty plug , it may or may not fit .5 . I 'm not happy with the quality of the plastic . You 're probably going to have to fuss with the base and it can only take so much . Ditto for the bowl 's threads.Anyhow , if you need a high-powered bird bath for a frigid climate , this could certainly fill the bill . Suggest you look at competing models , though .
 We received ours quickly via Amazon , great service as usual , and the sole reason this even got one star.The bottom base of the unit is not made very well , -LRB- somewhat rounded up on two edges -RRB- and hard to get standing straight up . The base is hollow , and even with a bunch of rocks in there it still is not sturdy at all . Since it 's summer we have n't tried the heater . I 'll say it looked and sounded better on `` paper '' , but it 's poorly made . We 're thinking of throwing the stand away and mounting to the deck rails .
 While I love my Kozybird heated birdbath -LRB- it is easy to clean and maintain and install -RRB- sadly , I had to send the birdbaths back three times before I finally received one that worked . Of those first three sent to me , the heating mechanism did not work . They were complete duds . So , while it is tempting to buy another birdbath on the hope that the manufacturer has finally gotten his product to work reliably , I would n't dare . Too bad . The one functioning KozyBird bath I do have is great . But it is just not worth the hassle shipping back malfunctioning products to finally receive one that works . Hear that KozyBird ?!
 This bird bath attaches nicely to lots of different pedestals and mounts . I plugged it in and it heated the water once and that was it . It never heated again . I returned to using my old drop in bird bath heater . It 's a nice mount anywhere bird bath so I gave it more than 1 star over the no heat problem .
 I am very disappointed in the quality of this item . The plastic does n't hold the metal screw holder -LRB- does n't that make sense ? -RRB- and the metal tube meant to keep the screw tightened comes out of the plastic . It is difficult to mount on the railing as a result.SAVE YOUR MONEY . THIS IS GARBAGE .
 I have 3 engineering degrees and a full shop and I still ca n't get this to be level or secure . It was not made for a composite railing so I attached a square piece of Azek to the top and made sure that was level . Then I installed the unit and tried and tried to get it level . The upper bracket is supposed to `` lock '' in the locking hole but that is so flimsy it never holds the piece secure . I would never buy a product from this company again ; nor do I recommend you do so .
 I purchased the heated bird bath as a Christmas gift for my sister in another state , she plugged it in and it somewhat worked for three days . The third day it died completely . How embarrassing to send a gift that does n't work and she has to ship it back to Amazon . Hopefully , the replacement unit will be better than the first . I will give Lawn and Patio a second try , but not a third .
 I purchase this with hope of making sure the birds in my area had the necessary water . However the bird bath is very difficult to mount and it top heavy . I could not even think of a way to make adjustment . I finally package it back up and sent it back . Do n't waste your money buying this bird bath .
 I was fine with this until this winter when I had to plug it in . It sure keeps the water from freezing but it constantly blows the breaker to my backyard outlet . Something is wrong or unreliable within the heater circuit .
 This bird bath for a balcony railing is a great idea , but the product does not install correctly . There is no way to stabilize and level the bird bath because the threads on the post where the dish is supposed to screw on do not hold the dish in place strongly enough to keep the dish from leaning to one side . Great idea , not executed well .
 It does NOT perform as depicted . It is extremely hard to put on a railing as shown . It is not worth the price of the unit .
 Honest to God . You could n't tell us we needed a metal cage to get what you said we were getting ! Most of us do n't have our fish swimming in a metal tank ! It probably works great but now I have to put out additional dollars for this unnamed part ! Locally TSC Supplt has the whole shebang for two dollars less ! I guess it pays to shop at home .
 Add for heater does not say that it can not be adjusted for thermostat.The temperature settings are set to go on at 40Degrees , I needed a setting higher but could not adjust . Cannt be returned . Not worth buying .
 I bought this second one in an emergency because the first one i bought the heating element burnt out after 2 months.This one lasted only one week!Both in an outside pond about 10 feet by 4 feet and 2 feet in depth - at temperatures about 10 to 40 degrees fahrenheit.I think it is a lack of control of the heater element temperatureTry a different manufacturer !
 This heater kicks on when the water gets down to 40 degrees . As far as i can tell , it ' ca n't be adjusted to keep the water any warmer . Not meant to heat the pond to a comfortable temp for fish . It just keeps a hole in the ice for gasses to escape , fine for kio , not fine for goldfish .
 Only when this heater arrived are you informed that it may melt the sides of your pond if the pond is not made of metal.How many of you have metal fish ponds?You can buy a safety guard for the heater to protect the sides of the pond or you can simply place a 2by4 across the pond to prevent the heater from touching the sides.This product gets hot enough to melt all ice in the pond . This is not necessary for your Koi.The pond heater is designed for horse traughs , not for fish ponds .
 This bird bath works for heating the water in the cold winter months , but that is the only good thing about it . It looks cheap was an ugly addition to a beautiful landscape . I would not recommend it if you care about how your yard looks .
 I purchased this to replace another one that I had for 19 years and was damaged this summer in a hailstorm . The legs of thestand had rust on them . The stand was flimsy . I can see the wind blowing this over . The wire hooks to keep it in place are really not sufficient . I returned this the day I opened the package .
 Had this for three years ... the birds love it ... worked really well when it worked . It no longer works ... I 'll keep it for the summer waterer.The stand is really wobbley ... not very well made ... Thought it a bit expensive for what you received .
 The price is good as I have checked around but the filter did n't really do what a filter should do . I guess is just too small for any size tank .
 I have had similar products years ago , and this one is a very pretty design . However , it was a NIGHTMARE to install , the company that _ makes _ the product assured me they had no one who knew how to install it . The directions have NO diagrams or photos , just not very clear written instructions . I have modern vinyl windows and I called in advance to find out whether this would be a problem and was assured not . However , it means that the window can not be closed with the feeder in it -LRB- which appears to be a major design goal for some reason -RRB- . As a result , there are 2 extra holes in the bottom of the feeder that allow bird seed to pour into the house and onto the floor unless you block them up . -LRB- These are presumably blocked when you close the window -LRB- this is what I meant by poorly designed , but how often would you close the window when the feeder is in it -- kind of a nasty trick to play on the birds ... -RRB- There is an option to use screws or sticky tape , but the small screws for the side tracks do n't even fit into the tracks -LRB- and you need an elf-sized tiny phillips head screwdriver if they did -RRB- . The side panels that you cut to size break off -LRB- with narrow windows , I needed narrow side panels and each strip broke off into 4 or more pieces before I could get it down the channel . In the end , I used crazy glue , packing peanuts and other materials to block the considerable spaces all around the feeder to minimize insects and cold and bird seed dribbling into my living room . I was relieved to finally get it in the window -- now I just pray it will stay there and not fall out ! -LRB- Also , the first one I received had the one-way mirror reversed , so the birds could see in and I could n't see anything but my reflection ... the makers of the feeder sent another one which had this fixed . Apparently a number of them had this reversed mirror problem ... -RRB- ... a month later I heard a huge crash and came to find the feeder had fallen out of the window onto the living room floor scattering bird seed EVERYWHERE -LRB- !! -RRB- . What a waste of money . Does NOT work with vinyl windows regardless of what the company says !
 The only -- and I mean ONLY -- reason this item gets a star is because there is no zero-star -LRB- or lower -RRB- option provided . Up front , I must confess I purchased -LRB- and RETURNED ! -RRB- this item elsewhere ; I have been satisfied with my Amazon purchases thru the years & do n't mean to cost them a potential sale , but felt it was my obligation to humanity to prevent another soul from repeating my mistake & buying this steaming pile of ... -LRB- since children may be reading I 'll leave it at that -RRB- . I used to have a window-mounted feeder -LRB- with a REAL 1-way mirror -RRB- to keep cats entertained , but it eventually succumbed to the elements . This one was originally intended as a gift for my grandmother , who enjoys birdwatching , and her cat ... the alleged `` 1-way mirror '' can easily be seen through from outside , but compared to all of this item 's other fatal flaws , who cares?First off , it arrived with the copper `` arch '' inside , which is supposed to regulate the `` flow '' of the seed , being dislodged , which took several tedious minutes to realign in the grooves . It was n't glued in or otherwise secured for reasons I 'll never know . The included `` suction '' cups -LRB- fastened to the unit with the included HEADLESS screws !! -RRB- ABSOLUTELY WOULD NOT stick to the -LRB- completely clean & spotless -RRB- window , NO MATTER WHAT was done to them . Having an engineering background , I do n't consider fastening suction cups to be over my head . Anyhow , it fell off -LRB- aptly , into a garbage can full of rags -RRB- 4 times in the first few minutes . After it was REinstalled yet AGAIN , the copper arch `` popped out '' and floods of seed came pouring out of it . Took it down AGAIN -LRB- ! -RRB- , emptied it , repaired the `` arch '' , refilled it , and lo and behold , one of the top cups let go AGAIN , and it swung over upside-down & the screw ripped right out of the wood . Needless to say , the rest of the seed spilled all over , AGAIN ! Words ca n't even begin to describe how far beyond worthless this item is .
 The first one I received was broken in several places -LRB- plexiglass AND wood -RRB- , though the box it came in showed no signs of trauma . The company was nice and immediately sent me a second one no questions asked . That one came and had ill-fitting parts and was loosely assembled.Really a neat idea , but poorly executed .
 It looks nice and everything . great material , but the little strings on it broke off , ca n't hang it on anything : -LRB-
 I bough this product thinking it was the right one , but sad to say that the yellow in the Colombian flag is not up to PAR . It looks extrememly off . If it where much much darker , than it would have sufficed .
 bought this from Amazon and it came very poorly packed . Amazon went to the extreme with cutting down on packaging this year . It was a Christmas gift for someone and came with ZERO paperwork , no manual , no return slip ... just the shipping label on the front of the package -LRB- which had a big tear in it -- was probably thrown around before it got to its destination -RRB- . After spending xx hours emailing customer service and then calling customer service all they could do was suggest I return the item and reorder if I wanted the instruction manual . They agreed it was their fault it was n't included but would n't just send me one . Since it was a christmas present that a family member really wanted and I did not have time to return and reorder in time for christmas I gave it to family member as is . LAME ... VERY LAME on Amazon 's part . Especially since I order monthly from them and have for years . Am now looking at other places to order from since Amazon is really sucking these days . Also , about the product -- it 's not terra cotta , it 's plastic in a terra cotta color and the cord is about 5 inches long -- wonder if anyone has an outlet on the outside of their house that is so close to mounting this thing on the deck . have a feeling this will sit in my sisters garage and never get used . Waste of money !
 The pan is too shallow needs to be refilled 2-3 times a day . The water freezes around the edge . Sending it back .
 This item has an electrical cord that 's 8 inches long with the directions not to use an extension cord with it . Mine stopped working after two weeks of use . As stated in previous one-star reviews , it is very shallow and the water evaporates very quickly when in use . I 've used a heated dog bowl for the past few seasons and am returning this item and going to the pet store to get another heated dog bowl . I was very disappointed in this purchase .
 I Purchased this item last winter and found it to be too shallow - just over inch or so . With evaporation and usage , be prepared to fill it a few times a day . It is made of plastic , and if it runs out of water the center may bulge upward from the heat of the element - as mine did . I ended up purchasing a separate heat unit for my concrete bath . It works perfectly . Putting it on a timer so it shuts off at night will save on the electric bill .
 The electrical cord for this birdbath is 8.5 inches long . The instructions say `` Do not use with extension cords . '' Now , this is a deck rail mount birdbath -- how many people have an electrical outlet within 8.5 inches of a deck railing ?
 It 's lovely to look at , but a couple things you should be aware of if you actually plan to use this to attract purple martins :1 . The rooms are very small . The purple martin preservation org actually recommends larger , essentially the size of two of the rooms .2 . It does have removable roof panels , but that really only gives you difficult access to the top floors & anyone who knows anything about martins knows they are highly dependent on humans . If their nest area becomes overrun by pests or mold -LRB- from water leaking in through the leaking panels they will abandon the house and not return . You could n't check on the bottom floor rooms , it 's simply not possible .3 . Mounting the house onto a bracket that can then be mounted on a telescoping pole at least 12-15feet high . Since you ca n't get to the bottom floor to mount with the screws going down & outside of the house into the bracket you 'd have to screw four large screws in , which would mean that you immediately lose those 4 rooms .5 . Do n't forget the purple martins respond only to white housing , so you 're going to want to pant this solid white , with at least 2 coats . Also mine had some small cracks that would have leaked water , the birds are n't really fond of that so I had to preseal those before painting.When I finished and realizing what all this meant , I decided it just was n't worth it and purchased the gourds , you can keep those clean , and each one is the perfect size for a purple martin family . You can get great info by going to the site purplemartin . org -LRB- obviously spaced because Amazon deletes hyperlinks -RRB- this is the nonprofite site dedicated to preserving & educating on purple martins .
 We received the product finished assembling and the bottom piece on both sides of the roof was missing . Sent a e-mail and never heard back . Looks pretty stupid with the 2 pieces wood we put on .
 the manner in which this item was packed garrentees it wo n't arrived intact.Shame would be a nice product otherwise .
 I ordered 3 of the 8 cubic foot dual wheel wheelbarrow and I 'm short 2 sets of wheels D , 1 long brace L , 2 Braces K , 1 axle G , 1 true temper sign I , 2 brackets F , 1 wheelgard C , 2 tray braces H , 1 bag of hardware and a cotter pin ... . so right now I have 1 wheelbarrow and a pile of useless parts . What a waste of money and where is the email address to contact the shipper , there is n't any . I buy predominately on Amazon but I 'm on a very rural farm but next time I 'll spend my time and gas money to drive an hour and go get wheelbarrows . I 'm hoping Ace will send me these parts so I can remove this review.Ames True Temper 8 Cubic Foot Poly Tray Dual Wheel Contractor Wheelbarrow BP8
 I bought the Ames 8-cubic foot 2-wheel wheelbarrow from Ace Hardware Outlet -LRB- through Amazon -RRB- . It shipped in 3 boxes.The un-assembled parts do n't fit together to make a working wheelbarrow . The arms do n't fit the tray properly -LRB- arms are the v-shaped metal pieces that bold to the tray and handles ; they rest the back end of the wheelbarrow on the ground -RRB- . The drilled bolt-holes in the arm do n't fit the corresponding holes in the bottom of the tray.I 'm going to slink off to my Ace Hardware and beg them to help me fix it -- find the right parts to make a working wheelbarrow . It was a mistake not to buy an assembled wheelbarrow directly from a store . I would not recommend you buy a Ames wheelbarrow online .
 I used this once and the plastic cracked the first time we used it . Do not use this unless you are moving light materials - like mulch or soil . Forget about using it for rock .
 I should have known better !!!! cheap plastic crap that is poorly constructed at stress points . Used very little for ANY kind of heavy work . Plastic tub cracked at bolt heads almost immediately , not much later at base of tub near the deepest point . Ca n't get refund from dealer , nor can I even find a replacement tub . Trying to JB Weld and jerry rig some fix . At the price ... . should n't have to go there.stay away !!!!
 This purchase was made for a residential home . While our project is larger than average ; 10 cubic yards of gravel , 20 cubic yards of soil , and 10 cubic yards of mulch ; this wheelbarrow is far short of commercial quality -LRB- other than the plastic container -RRB- . When I moved soil the wheel bar bends when you move it . The front support braces have bent to the shape of the front wheelbarrow container . We were surprized they have n't broken yet ! We will not buy replacement brace parts , instead , we will go to local garage shop and have them make new heavier ones . The load balance is not what it should be either for this contractor product . I do n't expect this product to last through our spring project ; VERY disappointing .
 I bought this wheelbarrow in 2010 , and initially I was very satisfied -- I could fill it with as much dirt , rocks and junk as I could possibly move , and other than the occasional tire-pressure refill , it was flawless . Having 2 front wheels was essential for the very uneven terrain in our yard -- our single-wheel wheelbarrow was constantly tipping over with heavy loads . But I live in the Pacific Northwest , and before long , the underlying frame started to give out
 complete disappointment - three cracks in poly tub , broken wooden handle , axle attachment straps twisted and bent causing wheels to rub against tub . Jackson does state in their description that its great for leaves and mulch . This wheelbarrow should not be used for anything heavier then full loads of leaves or mulch . It might hold up with partial loads -LRB- 1/4 to 1/2 tub -RRB- of dirt or stone ? I used mine for 4 months . I just ordered a Sterling Wheelbarrow that is for commercial use , I should have went the commercial route in the first place for a few extra dollars . Ames True Temper and Jackson 8 cubic foot poly tray dual wheel are the same wheelbarrow
 I had to return this item 3 times before I finally gave up . So this is more of a review of the overall amazon experience on this item . Each and every time I received this , the ballast was broken . The problem is in the way this item is shipped . The bulb , which is very heavy is screwed into the ballast when shipping and has no other support . What that means is that there is a 3 inch space between the bulb and the shade so the normal jarring of shipping wear and tear breaks the ballast because of the lack of support . It was a very frustrating affair to say the least . Amazon handled the returns very well at no cost to me but it was still a hassle to pack and ship this 3 times . You may be better off finding a retail outlet for this item . I saw one at Alsip nursery here in Indiana but it was WAY more expensive that the amazon price . So buyer beware . If you order it , check the ballast real good !
 I tried to get these shipped but cant seem to get one that is not damaged in shipping .
 I used this light for 9 months before the bulb burnt out with my biggest complaint being it does n't produce nearly as much light as my sun system 150 hps -LRB- 8,000 lumens vs. 16,000 -RRB- . Then I went shopping for a new bulb and realized this is where the 150w hps wins hands down . The Feliz 125 CFL -LRB- 6500k -RRB- I found was $ 40 plus shipping while a new Ultrasun 150 is $ 15 plus shipping . So for more than twice the price you get half the light . If you 're worried about vegging in the red spectrum , do n't be . The lumens per watt and cost savings on bulbs more than make up for it .
 I ordered the Hydrofarm FLC125D Florescent Grow Light System for an indoor terrarium . What I got ... was a 125 Watt light bulb . That 's it . No system . No hood . No place to even plug in my light bulb . Just a light bulb . From the product details I was expectingProduct FeaturesGarden indoors year-roundGet an early start on those tomatoes next springGrow flowers , herbs and much moreIncludes a 125 watt fluorescent bulb that will serve a 3 ' x 3 ' growing areaEasy to install
 i ordered this light because of the good price and free shipping . usually no problem with amazon . the unit arrived with the light INSTALLED rather than in a separate box . it was broken . bits all over my carpet . will obtain same unit elsewhere . installing the light prior to shipping is dumb . these lights are sold in a nice little box .
 I AM NOT EXPRESSING DISAPPOINTMENT ON THE PRODUCT I 'M EXPRESSING MY DISAPPOINTMENT WITH AMAZON.COM AND WARNING PEOPLE I FEEL ITS MY RIGHT TO DO SObroken bulb when I opened the package parts of the bulb where all over the inside . :-LRB- It was sent in a large box with a smaller one inside but hardly any protection between the two , so one was bouncing inside the other on its travel here I guess I could not believe this had happened :0 Also I had to pay the import fees to the courier then I noticed amazon.com also charged me the import fees on my credit card now they tell me I have to wait 60 days for an import fees refund I feel completely ripped off so I 'm writing this : -LRB- 60 days for import fees refund ???? but yet they can take my payment in 60 secondsamazon support is not very helpful I 'm actually keeping the broken piece of crap because the reflectors are so hard to find around here I feel very upset by all of this : -LRB- I never had this problem with the packaging by amazon.CO.UK and they never ripped me off they are much better I think I 'll stick with them in future : -RRB-
 Was skeptical of this light from reading other reviews about the lamp being broken when box was opened . Went ahead and ordered anyway without listening to other reviewers and what did I get ? A broken light ! Could not believe how the manufacturer packages their product . I happen to design and sell packaging for a living and was completely shocked someone would use so little care when packing something so fragile . I would be surprised if they had any lights reach a customer without damage . Now I am starting to question Amazon a bit , I dont see why they would continue to sell a product that has multiple complaints of damage from shipping . I know they are not making the light or packing it in the original carton , but they do have a responsibility to support all products they sell ? Either need to confront the manufacturer about crappy packaging or stop shipping their products . The current package is not suitable for shipment . Please let this be a warning to anyone considering this light .
 Let me first say that to buy a florescent light at almost the cost of a HPS or HID horticulture lamp is a needless act of foolishness . This lamp is WAY overpriced for what it offers you . For the same price , you can buy a 150 or even a 400 watt grow lamp that uses MUCH brighter and more effective bulbs . Florescent lamps are for lighting living spaces for human eyes , they are NOT effective for growing plants , no matter what coatings they have.A 400 W HID lamp provides enough lumens to grow a 4 ' X 4 ' area of tomato plants , bell peppers , or anything else , and most of them allow you to change bulb types to HPS for the fruiting/flowering stage of growth . Just do the math
 Great light poor amazon packaging ... My bulb cam damaged too ... The manufacturing box amazon decided to send me had a gouge on the side of the box ... placed inside a large amazon box without any packaging paper , peanuts , or air bags.so the box with in the box can thrash around in transit.but amazon customer service came through and gave me a credit for the bulb 32 dollars but then the price of the bulb jumped up to 35 dollars . . lolI say buy it but only through amazon as the seller so if your bulb is damaged in transit no hassles to complain ... But hydrofarm packaging of the bulb itself is to blame too , shame on them for not having the bulb more protected !!!
 In theory this thing would work . However , everytime I have tried to use it the thing blows apart . Had to add a couple of hose clamps just to keep the thing together under any sort of pressure . So far have not had a chance to use it since the addition of the clamps .
 We plan on hitting the state parks , etc. with our 5th wheel trailer and this item looked nice and handy for that adventure . I place the order , shipping was quick as always , and then it arrives . I pick it up and flip it over . It has the California prop 65 lead warning . That is not acceptable for something that is for use with drinking water . I 'm going to try to find the competing product -LRB- Water Thief -RRB- and see if it has the same issue .
 I would n't have ordered if the description had specified that the Water Bandit can be used ONLY on a faucet and hose that are completely unrestricted . The Water Bandit does n't seem to work if the hose is attached to a nozzle or a sprinkler . For my needs , the Water Bandit is useless . Someone who needs only a free-flowing hose may like it very well .
 If you love slapstick comedy - this ` adapter ' is for you ! No end to the humor as you try and try again to thread the rubber end on ` properly ' so it does n't spray in every direction . If it 's not a hot day , make sure you have your partner at the adapter end while you man the spigot because somebody is going to get REALLY wet ! The hilarity and screaming -LRB- AHGGGHH ! TURN IT OFF ! NO ! TURN IT ON !!! -RRB- are LOADS of fun - but NOTHING compares to the surprise you 'll get if you actually thread a spray nozzle onto the brass threads of the adapter and turn on the hose ! LIFT-OFF ! I think ours went airborne for a solid 7 seconds!I give this product 1 star for it 's advertised use - but 10 out of 10 as a redneck water park event !!!! Good times ...
 This feeder is only squirrel proof in that the feeder holes are protected by metal and they ca n't chew them.But squirrels have absolutely no trouble getting at the seeds and will empty this feeder out in no time .
 I purchased twoHydrofarm FLC200D 200W Compact Fluorescent Bulb - Daylight200 watt compact fluorescent daylight lamps in January . For what it 's worth , they arrived in perfect condition . I was using them in a daylight exposure box , not a hydroponic garden ; they had less than an hour 's use altogether when they failed . One lamp will now come halfway on , but the other one does n't work at all . They have not been dropped or abused ; they just have n't stood up for the relatively brief on/off cycles that this application requires of them . I ca n't afford to keep replacing lamps -LRB- at nearly $ 60.00 apiece ! -RRB- , and unfortunately , the window for returning them has passed .
 I saw the reviews on the Hydrofarm packaging , and that a lot of people were getting broken bulbs , but thought I 'd take a chance . Well , mine was broken too .
 so I have so far ordered and received 5 of these bulbs from 2 different supplies , -LRB- one was Amazon , the other was Hayneedle -RRB- So far every one of them was broken.This is getting annoyingA
 Hydrofarm FLC200D 200W Compact Fluorescent Bulb - DaylightSteer clear of this light!Before purchasing , I read the customer reviews . I noticed many of the reviews mentioned broken lights . So like an idiot , I ordered anyways . Actually , I figured that by now the seller surely would have fixed the problem . I was wrong . My light was packaged well enough and did n't look broken structurally but it failed to work never the less.Long story short , I finally due have a working light but the process took 7-1/2 weeks to play out from date ordered . Needless to say , I am less than thrilled . I never would have made the purchase had I known what I know now.The next 200 watt cfl I purchase will be from a different seller and brand .
 I ordered several of these bulbs . All I got was a headache and all my neighbors wondering why I need so many grow bulbs.I never recieved a single one that was n't broken . None of the bulbs said fragile or this end up . Nothing . I was very unhappy . I ended up using a feliz bulb.Thank you for reading my review .
 Could have spent half the money that this item cost and bought it local . Nothing special of specific about this bottle , not really a gold specific tool . Shop elsewhere .
 I mounted this turbine in my back yard on the recommended schedule 40 galvanized pipe at about 20 ' high . My location does not get consistent wind from one direction which is the only way this turbine will spin . Even in gusty conditions of 15-20 mph the turbine rarely spins more than a few revolutions and has not produced any measurable power after a month . If you do n't have a steady wind from one direction this turbine will not produce any power at all . You would be better off with a vertical turbine or one with larger blade surface area . The specs say 8 mph start up , that means a consistent 8 mph wind from a single direction . For the money you would be better off with a single 80 watt solar panel .
 Looking at the power graph , in the Amazon product description , lets be moderately optimistic and expect 40 kWh per month . Where I live we are charged about 20 cent per kWh.This generator will produce energy that I can buy for $ 8 a month . That can not `` significantly lower my electrical bill '' . At $ 500 it will take more than 5 years to recover the money.Also I will save money if I had the need to charge batteries , or if I had appliances that use 12 volts , but I have none . To be able to get 120 volts I need a converter
 This product was ordered and received , but failed in the first week.Product was returned to manufacturer and as of May 23rd , 2011 we have not received the new wind generator nor a refund . We have been told several times it is in the process of being sent -LRB- new one -RRB- and as of this date have received nothing . is there anything anyone out there can do ???
 The device itself is nice and as others commented you will need a quite substantial wind if you want to produce significant amount of energy . That said , there are a couple of additional issues : - to get good amount of winds , the turbine needs to be high and a 30 ' to 45 ' pole costs much more than the wind generator itself - you might need an authorization from the town if you want to install such a big pole -LRB- some might not even allow it -RRB- - keep in mind that when spinning the turbine generates a significant amount of noise and vibrations -LRB- increase with wind speed -RRB- . We tried to install one on top of a building at work and the ceiling of the last floor was vibrating at a point that lights were shaking . So you definitely do n't want to try that on your roof at home.Note that this thing generates DC current and if you install it far from your house , you will need expensive cables if you do n't want to lose too much by the time it reaches the inverter.You can check -LSB- ... -RSB- for the numbers of a live production of 1 solar panel and 1 wind turbine -LRB- this particular Sunforce model -RRB- in western MA .
 bought this wind generaotor 5 years ago under brand name air x , only use it a couple months in winter . never got close to their rated output.takes quite a bit of wind to get the prop turning and just a smitten more wind will put it in -LRB- dis -RRB- gust mode.better spend some more money to begin with and get something decent .
 I could only get a trickle charge if you can call it that . they said that i did not have enough wind , although it was churning like mad . Sunforce sells misleading products that do not work as intended . They 're banking on you taking a long time to install it and going past the return period . Or you get so tired of getting the runaround that you just give up . If you are stupid enough to try one , test it first right away by turning it with a drill to see if you get a charge . make sure that you can get the rotations per minute that you need from the wind . if you ca n't , do n't bother installing it and return it right away before you get ripped off .
 I live off grid and in a very windy area . A wind generator would save me a ton of $ during the winter months when I would otherwise need to run a gas generator during all those cloudy days with no solar panel power . So I bought the Airx 400 . It worked for about a week then died . Sent it back , it was repaired and lasted for about 2 days and dies again , sent it back again , it was repaired so I sold it and bought another one form a different outlet . It to died within a few days of operation . Anyway , I 'm on my 3rd one now . It has been the best out of the others , it worked very well for about 3 months , then it stoped working . I just gave up and left it installed on the tower for about year . About 2 weeks ago , I thought to hook it back up to my battery bank thinking somehow it may work now . It did not , same old no working . So I unhooked it . The next day we had some really strong sustained winds , so I figured to give it one last try ... Well , I did just what the manual warned me to NEVER EVER DO . I accidentaly reversed polarity of the + and - battery connections , then a big flash , sparks , blinding light ... I thought , well that 's then end of this wind machine , I just did what the manual said would destroy it . HOWEVER , to my dismay , the machine is working perfectly now . NO I am not joking , reversing the polarity fixed the damn thing . It 's been working perfectly now for nearly 3 weeks . If you 're does not work , do as I did , try reversing the polarity to a battery , do it for less then a second . It fixed mine !!! I would only do this if your machine is properly wired and connected with GOOD GROUNDING system . I have a theory as to why this will fix them , but I think if it 's not well grounded , it would for sure ruin it ! If you like me and sick of sending your back and fourth and have given up on it . you have nothing to lose by doing as I did !
 27 Amps X 14 Volts = 378 Watts therefore 2-3 amps is unacceptable if batterys are low , unit is either defective or way over rated ... . unless batteries were almost full then 2-3 amps is normal since regulator is tappering down voltage ,
 6 years ago , I bought my first Air-X -LRB- that 's the model with the Southwest Windpower brand on it , this is their product -RRB- which ran for 2 years , then had a minor failure , fixed under warranty . It then lasted about a year , and the circuit board failed yet again . Again , it was warranted . The next failure , however , was not . So , I bought a kit from SWWP to `` update '' the turbine to the new `` Air Breeze '' . That lasted 2 months , and it utterly melted down inside . It was a toxic swamp of caustic material from the insulation and other materials inside , which had gotten hot.That was fixed under warranty and lasted ... a month . Then , I bought one of these . It was installed temporarily for about 4 months , and then moved to replace the dead Air Breeze -LRB- failed yet again , 3rd time -RRB- . It lasted a month , and it too , melted down inside . Yes , the same location , the same load , the same everything the original one made 3 years without major issue , has now been through 4 rebuilds in a year and a half . In fact , I have had no significant use ANY of the generators since the original Air Breeze conversion . They have either sent me parts , or replacement generators -LRB- takes up to 2 months to get warranty fixes -RRB- and every one of them has failed the first time any significant weather system has come through . The Sunforce branded model worked through 4 months in a semi-sheltered area , and weathered ONE storm . It was taken down , stored for 2 months , and reinstalled in the original location for my first Air-x , and it died when the first rainstorm came through , as it melted down and the insulation or whatever it is , is literally dripping out the bottom of the unit , which is still on the tower . I 'm not taking it down until I figure out what to do with it.Basically , the maker started out with a decent product , somewhere along the lines , they have 're - engineered '' it , and now it 's garbage . Sad to say . The original was excellent and would still be in place if several years of running had n't just simply worn out the front casting where the bearings ride . Each of my conversations with tech support has been a matter of just flat out insult , as they continue to claim they have no idea what 's wrong , or that it 's `` my location '' . The original Air-X not only survived , but continued to work through a once-a-century windstorm that made national news . Nothing since it has been able to survive a single storm with 30-40 mph gusting .
 Nice generator BUT as it says , you need 28mph sustained wind -LRB- should say 40mph -RRB- at the generator to get the advertised power . I have had mine for 4 years and have never had it get up to charging , and I live in a very breezy area and sometimes very windy . Buy a windmeter for $ 30 and measure your area because there are not too many places in the world that get this continuous sustained high wind enough to make one of these useful . The windmill only begins producing even just a trickle of low-voltage power once above 20mph which is still a lot of wind . You also need a long heavy industrial electrical cable as well as a tower and can either build your own or buy theirs . Either way , you 'll spend another several hundred dollars and lots of time . I have solar also and would recommend one of those instead , unless you live in an extremely continuously windy area .
 We have been involved with this product from the mid 90 's . Initially the manufacturer -LRB- Southwest Windpower -RRB- had potted regulators inside the nifty cast aluminum housing on their 303 wind-machines . After installation the machine ran great -LRB- except for the unbelievable noise from the blades -RRB- for about 2 weeks until the uncooled regulator overheated and self destructed . We were living off the grid in a very remote part of Samoa at the time and literally depended on the output from our wind turbines and solar panels . We had a lot of experience with older types of permanent magnet wind generators and spruce -LRB- wood -RRB- blades . Our older Redwing generators never gave us any trouble except for the necessity to periodically replace the brushes . Southwest Windpower was contacted after our early debacle and this was the beginning of many overseas phone calls and 99 email correspondence over 4 years , fighting with them to stand behind their product and do some actual real world testing of their product . These people had a great idea but the bugs were not worked out and we were their unwitting test subjects . Jay Yaeger , Dave Snowberg , Sean Hickey
 I installed this unit to reduce the use of my generator for my off-grid RV . The power output is so insignificant that it will never pay for itself . Unless you live in an area with non-stop 20/25 mph wind , it will never do the job . Think of how long it takes a 2-amp trickle charger to bring a battery up to full charge . This puts out less than 2 amps on a windy day . I purchased a Kyocera Solar KC130TM - 12 Volt , 130 Watt Solar Panel With Junction Box . The solar panel had an immediate impact on my bank of batteries . I watched my battery bank go from 12.1 volts to 12.9 volts in less than an hour . The cost of the solar panel and charge controller was less than half of the wind generator/tower combination with a much higher life expectency .
 Purchased My first wind generator a month or so ago , and found that the shaft was turning inside the front bearing as unit would not start up in less than a 25mph wind , rma 'd back to amazon -LRB- there the best -RRB- and no thanks goes to southwest ,8 days for a reply ... slow to say the least ... anyhow I have my replacement unit , and it does spin up easier , however the output is nowhere near the rated 27amps , I am seeing 2-3 amps barely @ 30mph winds , so to close , I 'm gon na keep this one , just for the fact that its here and it looks cool up on the pole , but in the future I think I will just keep expanding my PV array , seeing 5 + amps from 7 sunforce 15watt panels in winter sun ...
 Folks , unless you live in one of the very few windy locations and most of those places are rural , what good is a wind turbin for $ 2,000 + ? I can charge batteries for pennies , charge my shaver , my boat and RV batteries with utility power at 12 cents per kwh . Also , consume 120 or 240 power for the same cost . Yes , in the long run it adds up but I do n't have to maintain the power supply either.Wind energy is a long way from being feasisble to own and maintain let alone sell it 's power to the grid .
 Threw away my beloved pruner for 20 years by accident , did ' t remember the brand and this one sounded good . Opened the package so I can see how the grip feel and did n't like it . Afraid that refund was not possible since package opened , so kept it . The whole time I ` test drive ' it , I feel like screaming . Its like using a cuticle scissor to cut your toe nails . The thick side of the blade is thick so get in the way of prescise cuts.I finally found the same one I threw away , its Felco . Do n't waste your money on any other pruner altough its pricy but none other can come close to it . Strong and easy to use , even a tiny 90 lbs person like myself can handle cutting 1 '' dry wood with it.I wish Amazon would allowed opening the packaging -LRB- carefully -RRB- and try it once .
 The whole reel is made of cheap and thin plastic . The crank gear is also plastic , and as soon as you put some stress on it -LRB- like trying to rewind a 100ft hose laying on the ground -RRB- it will start skipping and coming apart . The whole product is made of smaller plastic parts that are snapped together , which can not take the smallest amount of stress without breaking off from one another . By my second heavily assisted rewind the whole assembly started leaking like mad -LRB- something else snapped I guess -RRB- , prompting me to return it.This seems to be a common theme with all the Suncast products , as this is a third model of their hose reel that I have tried . If you had a bad experience with one , do not assume that their more expensive units are any better made . They 're just more expensive , that 's all .
 These are straight pieces of precut line that will not work in my machine . Most of the precut line I 've seen are `` U '' shaped . That 's what I thought I was buying . This was a waste of money . I 'm glad I only bought one pack of them . A better description from the seller would have prevented me from wasting my money .
 If you are trimming nothing but normal grass , this works fine . If you encounter tougher weeds , go back to your old string .
 Though a good idea , I found the the repleacement lines to be brittle and last no longer than traditional string . They are convenient considering I have to change them constantly .
 Unit fine except the per circuit rating of 15 amps was insufficient . Had to change some of the push button breakers to 20 amp . Would have been nice to know ahead of time .
 STATED 40 AMP BUT WAS TWO 20 AMPS WHICH I GUESS THEY THINK MAKES 40 AMP . WAS STILL ONLY 20 AMP . WILL ONLY BUY FROM KNOWN SOURCES IN THE FUTURE .
 I purchased this item in April , put it on a pole and by October much of the paint was coming off the sides and roof of the house . It was in a spot that got maybe 4-5 hours of sun . Almost seems that they painted it with interior and not exterior paint . If you buy this you might want to put another coat on it otherwise it will come off .
 Ordered two of these.They are Made in CHINA.It would be nice if Amazon listed the country of origin .
 First time use the paint melts off and sends all the nasty paint chemicals into the air chocking everyone and ruins the food . Then the unit rusted and the exterior paint bubbled up and started flaking off . Now it 's useless and looks horrible in my new outdoor kitchen . I Contacted the manufacturer , RH Peterson who stated that they would stand behind their product and were concerned that this product must be defective since they never had this occur before . However , they said that I must contact the merchant that I purchased it from and they would work it out through them . I did and they sent me to their distributor who works directly with the manufacturer . Upon request , I sent all parties photos of the grill and was assured a resolution . I followed up monthly with no response for three months . Finally , I again contacted the manufacturer only to be told that this issue was closed and the distibutor should have contacted me . I was shocked when now they claim that it is completely normal for the paint to burn off because of the high temp ! I expressed my complete dissatisfaction with this outcome for a $ 500 grill only to then be further insulted being told that this is their `` Cheapest '' grill and I should have considered the stainless steel version for $ 2,000 . I would never have imagined that a $ 500 grill would be considered cheaping out ! Outrageous . DO NOT BUY THIS GRILL !
 * WARNING * The title for this item says `` snow paddleS '' -LRB- plural -RRB- , but there 's only one included . From the title of the item , you would expect to receive two of them , since there are two paddleS in the snow blower.If your snow blower takes two , make sure you order two!Besides only getting one of these when I needed two , it seems like a decent product .
 Please be aware that this bench is not 3 feet long . It measures only 2 ' 51/2 '' long -- that 's over half a foot shorter than the advertized 3 feet . Other than that , it 's a well designed and solid piece of outdoor furniture .
 Extremely hard to put over the Mecco grill I purchased . This would be better if the cover had a drawstring it could be loosened befoe trying to put over the grill .
 I ordered the replacement heating element because the original element that came with the Meco smoker lasted just three months . The replacement element lasted three months as well . I bought a new smoker -LRB- Brinkman -RRB- for 1/3 of the price of the stainless steel Meco smoker . Both times the element failed in the same place - where the rheostat fits on the heating element prongs .
 I 've gone through three elements now in ten years of infrequent smoking . The connection between the control and the element burns , creating a short . The rate of failure seems to be quickening . I 'm honestly concerned about the safety of this thing .
 This wo n't heat the smoker past about 200 degrees . I have to add charcoal to get it up to 225-250 .
 If you do n't really care if your feeder is squirrel proof or not then this is a nice feeder . But I bought it mainly to stop squirrel 's from stealing all the bird feed and this does n't do it no matter what strength you set the spring at . I find the squirrels put three feet on the ledge above the perch therefore most of their weight is on the ledge so the cover does not close all the way and they can lean over and munch happily away .
 I bought two of these feeders . They are squirrel proof , they also become bird proof . The openings get clogged and the birds ca n't get to the food . When it is time to fill them , I end up having to chisel the bird food out of the feeder . The roof on these leak and the food gets wet and matted . I knew I should have stayed with the one that these replaced . I have bought the other type I previously had from Amazon . The one that I had was a Heritage Farm feeder . A lot better . Do n't buy these , they are a waste of money because they leak and you will spend more money on feed .
 I love how this feeder looks , however the squirrels figured it out in minutes and the birds still have n't weeks later . So back to a more basic feeder I think ... maybe the birds in NJ just are n't very smart !!!
 This `` feeder '' is a great looking garden ornament , but , a dysfunctional bird feeder . While it thwarts all squirrel attempts to pillage it also plugs and jams so the birds as well are left starving at the gate . Not recommended .
 I purchased this bird feeder a couple of years ago and it works well . The squirrels did figure out how to get bird seed when it was hanging on our pergola . So we put it on a pole and it was squirrel proof for a year . The squirrels did mange to jump on top of the feeder and knock the cover off . We would replace it but after we replaced it many times the piece that holds the cover on came off . We ca n't find the part and PERKY PET DOES NOT SELL REPLACEMENT PARTS ! Now it is useless . Very disappointed !
 This has been the most frustrating purchase I have ever made via internet . My item arrived quite damaged , and I have been told on four different occasions they will arrange for pickup to return the item , and it has been almost a month . I will never order from this company again . They use DHL for shipping and if your package arrives damaged , you can forget any support from this company .
 I 'm giving this 2 stars instead of 1 star only because it 's still a pretty birdfeeder . That said , the squirrels figured it out in just a few weeks . Here in Ohio we have big red squirrels and how they get the seed is this
 The squirrels were able to figure out how to get the top off of this house . I wish the top was able to lock better , but because the chimney part twists into place , the squirrels are able to twist it off -LRB- do n't ask me how , but each morning I come downstairs , the roof is on the deck and the squirrel is sitting inside having a wonderful feast ! -RRB- . Also the mechanism that allows you to change the weight limit for the perch is flimsy and can easily be bumped out of place . Again , the squirrels were able to move the arm and then hang off the roof to get to the birdseed .
 The concept was good but not good enough for the squirrels . I have this bird/squirrel feeder . The squirrels hang from the top with their feet and avoid the lever while eating the seeds . After spending that much money on a birdfeeder , it was very upsetting . Do n't buy it .
 Kohler in their infinite wisdom has changed contractors in the construction of their oil filter . The black filter shown in the photograph is not what is often sold this year . They are selling a yellow painted filter using a Champion Laboratories `` Eco '' design with this part number . A quality oil filter has a metal interior with holes to allow the oil to flow through it . This metal cyclinder supports the paper filter element . The `` eco '' design uses a plastic grid with large openings . This does not fully support the filter and allows pieces of the filer element to pass into the engine . This naturally causes blockages which leads to engine failure . If you want a quality oil filter for your Kohler engine , use a Purolator L10241 -LRB- or PL10241 -RRB- or the Wix 51348 as substitutes for this filter . The Champion Laboratores `` Eco '' design is probably worse than a Fram oil filter . I would give the `` eco '' filter a zero stars if that was possible .
 I bought this one because I needed projection feature.So when I got it , first I tested projection . but I could n't see any number for time , so I waited till night time . And I find that it 's is working with about few inches and the characterwas so small that I could n't read it . So I returned it .
 I had the Oregon Scientific RM313PNA Self-Setting Projection Clock . I had it for 10 years and it worked perfectly . It broke , and frys only carries THIS clock now . So I bought it . Mistake . I should have just bought the Oregon Scientific one again through Amazon.The La Crosse 1 -RRB- does not come with directions , and is nearly useless without them .2 -RRB- can not tell time . I left it plugged in for 2 days an it never told the correct time . I set the clock manually , and after only 2 hours it was 15 minutes off . After 6 hours it was about an hour off.This thing sucks.The coolest part is that you can aim the projector , but what use is that , if it projects the wrong time ?
 The projection was too small and not bright enough . The clock was a pain in the neck to set . I have many of these type clocks and this one was a dissapointment . I returned it .
 I have a WS 2010 weather station that the coin batteries in the instruments have died after three years service . The same thing was reported by Gary Woltkamp . When purchising a weather station you want to make sure the batteries are a replaceable item .
 I ordered this unit 2 years ago . Now the wind speed unit no longer works because the battery is bad . Called the service unit at La Crosse about getting a new battery , they said to order a new wind speed indicator at $ 100 , as no replacement battery was available . If you have a bad battery in your 2 year old Lexus would you junk it and get a new car ! Of course not , you would replace the bad battery and drive it for another 10 years . Order from La Crosse only if you expect the unit to last 2 years and no help from their service dept. Typical of items made in China , no service aviable , if it goes bad buy a new one and help the Chinese economy and to hell with the U.S.A. and their people .
 I really love the idea of a clock which is already right . This was my second attempt at a radio `` Atomic '' clock from La Crosse . It ended the same as the first - the clock eventually reset it self to 12 noon and nothing I did convinced it to keep time again . Now the clock does set it self to 12 noon the first time it is turned on . You 're supposed to let it sit overnight and it will sync up with the WWVD radio signal and presto , perfect time . It did this the first time I set it up . And then about a month later it reset to 12 again . I tried changing the time , changing the batteries , talking to tech support . Nothing seemed to help.I wo n't be buying another of these but I still keep an eye out for a good radio clock .
 Purchased 2 La Crosse Technology WT-3122J 12-1/2 - Inch Atomic Analog Clock , Natural Wood . Returned one that was defective because it kept running around all the time . The hands would not stop . Have used the second one for about 5 months and the same thing happened . I returned the first clock and Amazon took care of my refund . The second one was past the return date and was not worth the postage to send it back for repair . Junk , Junk , Junk . Do n't buy this clock . This is my opinion of this product . I am not an engineer but this clock should n't be on the market .
 what am I doing wrong ? I have reset the time several times and it still advances two hours .
 Died after a few years , curiously within a few weeks of when my similarly-aged La Crosse outdoor temperature sensor died . I 'm now rather skeptical of La Crosse 's design quality ...
 The idea of a self setting clock is great , the quality of the movement is junk . The clock did not work right out of the box . Followed the instructions about setting up the clock and inserted batteries . The new clock would not set , it just keept running the minute hand at warp speed around the dial . Let it run that way for 72 hours , no change . Returned it to the seller for a full refund -LRB- minus the shipping charges both ways . -RRB- Had to call the seller twice , first time to get a RMA and a second time to get refund . Seller was very nice , helpful and all that . Let is slip that they get a lot of returns!La Crosse Technology WT-3122J Radio-Controlled Analog Wall Clock , Wood
 Hello , I bought this just over a week ago , I really like the design of the clock is is very nice looking but that is where it all stops . I set it to my time zone -LRB- Eastern -RRB- as in the directions and about an hour later it started to track the radio signal , great . A few days went by and out of the blue it set itself to pacific time and the second hand stopped moving completely , I tried to reset the clock and pushed the Eastern Time Zone button again , it did synchronize again but the second hand stays on 12 ... oh well ... It is working again without the second hand and i do like the look of it lets hope and pray it stays set for more than a few days .
 I spent three days plus the next weekend moving this clock to different parts of my house
 Does n't keep very good time . It should for the money I paid for it . Amazon does n't make it very easy to return , do n't waste your money .
 After opening the box and packages that come with the clock , I was initially delighted with my purchase . The clock looks elegant and classy , is relatively light , and matched my furniture . Unfortunately , I am having the same problems getting the clock to set itself to the correct time that East Coast users of similar models of the wall clock experienced . I live in Washington , DC.The manual tells you that the clock sets itself overnight so I threw away the packaging and boxes thinking all would be well . But the next day the clock 's minute and hour hands were stuck at 4:00 , and remained stuck at 4:00 the next day . I used another brand new AA battery , but I received the same result . I would return the useless clock but I threw away my boxes . I am going to try calling customer service or try putting it by the window to see if that helps .
 This Clock was advertised as being extreamly accurate . Yet , when we went to Daylight savings time the clock did not ! . Thus , far the company has done nothing ! ... very disapointed ! Will be my final purchase with Lacrosse .
 Received one as a gift around 12/2005 . Worked reasonably well in New England for several months . Would occasionally forget its time and resync . Seemed to eat batteries . After 6 months or so it would not sync reliably . After multiple resets and battery changes , gave up and sent it back for repair but they returned it saying it worked fine for them . I would guess that it might work better if closer to Colorado and the radio signal source , but I 've given up on it in New England . Nice looking clock and I was happy with it when it was working .
 I bought two of these for my workplace . The company has spent more paying people for their time dealing with theses clocks than their original cost.This clock is a piece of cr * p. Buy it if you want a week-long project of resetting it every time DST changes . Check out what their website says about this procedure
 The clock set itself perfectly overnight . It 's a very easy-to-read face and attractive on the wall . LaCrosse clocks tick more quietly than most others , so I use this one in my home recording studio . This is the only genuine wood-framed analog wall clock that La Crosse makes that I 've seen . The only drawback , which the instructions fail to mention , is when you change the battery the clock automatically advances to 4:00 and you have to wait overnight for it to sync up to the signal again . For me , that slight inconvenience is worth the accuracy.Addendum
 Although it says it resets itself every night , it failed to reset when it came time to go off of daylight savings time , and had to be done manually . Another atomic type clock further down on the same wall in the same room had no problem getting a time signal and resetting itself . I would say that the receiver chip in the clock of of poor quality . It does look good and keeps good time so twice a year resetting is n't worth the expense of sending it back . However would NOT purchase another one .
 I bought 2 of these clocks . Both worked well for a little more than a year . At that point they both ceased to function within a week of each other . I tried new batteries with no joy . I wrote to La Crosse twice , but it seems they ca n't be bothered to respond.If your looking for a clock that looks nice hanging on the wall , this is a good choice . If however , you like clocks that actually work ... this is not for you.Boo La Crosse , on your poor customer service .
 My clock was a cedar color , very light compared to the one in the photos . Then I poked around amazon and found out the manufacturer , La Crosse Technology , used the EXACT same photo for this clock that they used for the cherry colored clock . Their lazy use of generic photos for their product gave me a clock that does n't match my furniture . Buyer beware . I am done with this manufacturer.Edit
 This product is nice looking and it seems to report pretty accurate temperature readings . The atomic clock is also a nice feature . So , why did I give it two stars ? I bought this unit specifically for measurements of relative humidity . After receiving the unit , I set it up and placed the main wall unit and remote sensor next to each other on a flat surface to determine the precision of the two units . The two units consistently read different humidity levels - the closest that I have seen them ever get is seven percent apart , the farthest apart that I 've seen is eleven percent . This exceeds the humidity tolerance levels quoted on the La Crosse website -LRB- `` Humidity accuracy
 I guess I must have had the same mindset as Adam in the previous review . I too set up the main unit and the remote side by side to see if the readings from both units would agree , along with another very accurate digital thermometer . After six hours , the temperature readings from all of the units were within one degree , but the humidity readings from the remote unit were lower by 4 to 8 percent as compared the humidity reading from the main unit ... which is 3 to 7 percent too much IMO since they were side by side . What good is having a relative humidity function if you can not trust the readings ? I will return the unit.Also , on my unit , the front wood bezel apparently had a small defect and it was repaired -LRB- from the factory -RRB- with a wood filler type material ... but the defect was still obvious .
 We have had the La Cross WS-7391UG wireless weather station since Christmas . It has lost its capacity to show accurate weather 3 times and we have had to reconnect and change batteries each time . The last time was February 9 , 2008 . We shall see how long the accuracy lasts this time around . Not 100 % satisfied with the technology .
 I have had Amazon ship me two different units . Both had serious LCD screen issues . There was no syncing with the atomic clock and the humidity readings were way off . I have just arranged to send the second unit back for a refund . Try another product .
 Love the concept , but ... . I bought the 9016 model -LRB- LaCross Technologies is the mfr -RRB- for my wife/family for the holidays . After following the directions included with the unit and an exhaustive look through the FAQ 's , etc. at the LaCross Technologies website , I still can not get the outdoor temperature to read out on the unit - this has nothing to do with distance between the sensor and the unit , etc. -- it does not work . I suspect the transmitter is defective . The company 's help desk and email help function on their web site is the worst ... it does not ring through and eventually -LRB- 20 min ? -RRB- dumps you out of their system all-together . I received no responses from two emails . THIS COMPANY IS THE WORST -- THEIR PRODUCTS DO NOT WORK AND THEY ARE LESS THAN GENUINE ABOUT SERVICE . DO NOT BUY THEIR PRODUCTS .
 I expected a baffle AND a pole . Received just the baffle for $ 25 !! Find another source that will give you a baffle AND A POLE .
 1 . weather forecast picture is misleading . sunny and rainy picture does n't represent actual forecast . manual says . `` rainy cloud '' just mean `` it could get worse '' . whatever that means ... 2 . Outside Temperature is off by 5 degree . display shows one tenth of degree yet it does n't serve any purpose .3 . Manual recommand not to press any button for 10 minutes after put in the battery . well ... clock does n't synch unless the time region is defined first . If you live in east coast , like me , you would automatically think it 's set to the region by default . You still and MUST press `` Set '' button 10-20 times -LRB- set initial time clock -RRB- , then leave the clock in ` signal zone ' for 10 minutes to have it synched .4 . Power adater hook up is absolutely amazing . goes in so easy and it lock itself . then you can only pull it out with a tweezer . yes ... it 's pain . you have to see it to believe it .5 . vertical viewing angle is off balanced for LCD screen . if you look straight to the display it will look all blurry .6 . back light is too dim . and it need to stay on longer.function and features . . it 's all there ... but just not quite there .
 The clock is just fine with the exception of the intensity of the projection . For some reason the projector has 3 levels of intensity from just visible in a dark room to invisible . I like the display and the ability to rotate it . If only I could see it .
 The projected image is not bright enough ... It has failed to receive time data , although it 's been 5 days ... and the biggest problem , it SMELLS ! I mean it REAKS of chemical stench ! I opened the package and literally was thrown back . Every item in the package stinks ; the clock , the paper instruction book and most especially the small power supply and cord . I think it 's the `` plasticizers '' in the power supply wire insulation . I bought 4 of these and each one STINKS ! In order to have any hope of being able to bring them in the house , I 've had to leave them all in the garage to air out . It 's been 5 days now , and the smell has diminished considerably , but I still wo n't have this stench in my house . They 'll stay there 'till they have a chance to cure properly . La Crosse Technology and Amazon have alot of nerve to ship these when they know most of them will end up in bedrooms , where the stench and it 's effects can be `` enjoyed '' for hours every night .
 After following the directions meticulously , the outside Temperature remained 20 degrees hot , and the outside humidity was 20 % off.I live 1/4 of a mile from a government managed FAA weather station that local media monitor.I gave it three days , & reset it countless times.The worst part is there is NO support from LaCross . You listen to an endless recording , and when you eventually select this item , you get a recording that says they will call you back . NOT ! Try it
 We have had this for 9 months and it has only worked well for about 6 weeks . We have reset it , changed batteries and moved the outside transmitter to no avail . It just wont pick up the temperature any longer .
 I have been using this unit for over a year now and am disappointed by the ability of the units to communicate . Orininally I put the sending unit in the shade on the North side of the house about 30 feet and 1 wall from my kitchen , the outside temperature displayed only infrequently . So I went through the trouble of moving the sending unit closer -LRB- 15 ft -RRB- from the kitchen right outside my front door -LRB- still only one outside wall -RRB- . Most of the time the outside temperature does not display and does only when I move the receiving unit in the foyer near the front door about 8 feet from the sending unit . Not much of a step up from just having a 10 foot wire connecting them . All the other features on the unit work great , but without consistent outside temperature , so what ?
 We 've had this unit for less than a year and it has stopped working . We 've replaced the batteries in both the main unit as well as the temp/humidity transmitter multiple times , but to no avail . We tried contacting the manufacturer -LRB- La Crosse Technology -RRB- but never received a response . We do NOT recommend this product and will not be purchasing any of La Crosse Technology 's other products in the future .
 The indoor base unit performed very well , but the outdoor sensor I got was bad . I followed the initialization routine exactly as outlined and had the remote in the same room as the base unit . The base and remote started off reading similar temps , but over a 24 hour period the remote temp would drift as high as +75 F and as low as -20 F. With the remote still indoors , obviously something was wrong.I emailed La Crosse technical support -LRB- support@lacrossetechnology.com -RRB- and received a reply the next day that just outlined several steps for me to try that were already in their manual . They also offered to replace the unit , if I paid to have it shipped it to them . I chose to return the unit where I bought it for a refund.I gave them 2 stars instead of 1 for at least trying to make it right .
 Roll the dice ... these are highly INACCURATE ! La Crosse Technology company plays the following game
 Roll the dice ... these are highly INACCURATE ! La Crosse Technology company plays the following game
 I am very dissappointed with the instrument 's windspeeds . I raised the sensor 20 ' off of the ground and got 0 mph readings in upto 5 mph . Also , in 30 mph winds it only read 16 mph.Kurt of LA , California
 I have owned three different models of LaCrosse weather stations - one I bought and two were gifts . In each case the outdoor sensing unit failed within six months . In addition , the indoor and outdoor temperature sensing units did not agree when they were placed in the same temperature environment . This company needs to upgrade its quality control seriously .
 This product came with a com port hook -LRB- pin plug in -RRB- up . Most modern day computers all have USB hook up , so it wo n't work with my computer because you ca n't plung it in . I had the system working for two days and it just quit . I mean it just stopped functioning -LRB- wind and temperature only -RRB- . I changed locations -LRB- did n't work -RRB- , I changed batteries -LRB- did n't work -RRB- , I hooked up to electric -LRB- did n't work -RRB- . When I say it did n't work I mean the wind and temerature gauges just stopped and wo n't work -LRB- no inside reading on the main unit -RRB- . I placed the main unit 10 feet away thru a glass window -LRB- still did n't work -RRB- . The odd part is it worked for one and a half days and then just started malfunctioning . I reset and reset and did ever thing possible to insure it was not me or the operational procedure . I will say delivery was quick in just five days from WI to SC . Taking my money was quick . The process was easy , however I recommend you do n't waste your money or your time on this item !
 I recieved my rake today but it came with no handle ! After calling the manufacturer I was informed thet the handle would cost $ 76 dolars . No where in the ad does it say that the handle is not included !!
 When I purchased this item a month ago there was no indication it came without a handle . Apparrently this company engages in illegal trade practices such as false advertising.When I contacted them by phone they wanted to sell me a handle for over three times the price of the original item . Immediately after getting no satisfaction from their operator over the phone , I went to their website to make sure I was n't mistaken , and as I watched , lo and behold they changed their ad before my eyes to includethe words `` Head Only '' . One would think that this company is attempting to cover their tracks and avoid any culpability or responsibility for their negligence and false advertising on their website . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Hi folks . I do n't have spare time to review every product I buy here with over 250 orders in the last year . However , I do feel obligated to mention or warn others when a product fails under normal ordinary conditions.This bird feeder looks very nice , it holds plenty of bird seed , and I have no problems with the funky lid or filling the feeder . -LRB- I do n't like the flimsy plastic glass -RRB- I wondered `` WHY are the birds completely ignoring this feeder when I clearly see it 's still half full of seed ? They used to like it . What 's the deal ? '' Hummm.I quickly discovered the problem . What happens is ; every time it rains , the bottom area -LRB- tray -RRB- gets filled with water and saturates the seed , turning it into a thick muddy paste . At this point , the birds have no interest . After examining the feeder , I noticed the `` tray '' has little tiny drain holes - not quite the size of lead in a pencil . These drain holes are obviously insufficient . I doubt I can drill the plastic holes larger without breaking the tray.In summary , I find it surprising that no other reviewers mentioned this problem . Ultimately , my recommendation is to only buy this feeder if you hang it in a dry area , such as in a pavilion , under an eave , or a similar location . For me , it 's time to go bird feeder shopping once more.Be well , Jeff
 How much engineering genius does it take to screw up a simple bird feeder ? Its flimsy and rattles . The glass panels do not fit tight into the sides and they are very loose . The lid attaches to the top by having a cable contraption pass through it , and you slide the top down tight . But when you hang it by that same cable , the lid flops around no matter how tight you adjust the cable . Worthless and cheap !
 I have 8 birds and they need a lot of food , so I bought this one . There is a major flaw in the design of this product unless the birds eat all the seeds and throw away the hulls new seeds does n't fall down .
 Very surprised when this feeder arrived that one of the plastic perches was broken ! Cheap plastic , very poorly designed and not a good purchase at all !
 This feeder is practically impossible to get the top back on or to get it to hang straight . It looks nice but is a cheesy product and very frustrating to use.I came here looking for a good , easy-to-use bird-feeder ! -LRB- have n't found it yet -RRB- .
 The plastic on this is so cheap , it was broken upon arrival ! Buyer beware ! That 's the end of my review , but Amazon is insisting I write 20 words . What is wrong with being succinct ? Since when are longer reviews better ? Sometimes I just want to know what other people really think and I do n't need a lot of verbage . Where can I write a review review ?
 The tray at the bottom has holes to drain the rain water that get blocked by seeds . This causes the seeds to rot and the birds stay away . I did fix the feeder by drilling larger holes and mounting the feeder underneath the roof overhang of my house . I have other designs of bird feeders doing a great job of feeding the birds . Get better value for your money and buy a different brand of bird feeder .
 I loved the way this feeder looked , and bought it on line . I found the way the top fit to be annoying , but managed to get used to that . But within a week , the entire structure of the feeder was crooked , some of the panels had detached from the bottom , and within two weeks it was totally broken . My last feeder lasted for 4 years , so I know that this is n't about the usage , but instead about this very flimsily built feeder . I definitely WOULD NOT recommend this for anyone .
 This feeder is somewhat less sturdy than we needed for our strong desert winds so it was returned .
 This item is not squirrel proof but looks nice . Squirrels had a great time with it . We had to take it down .
 I liked the way this feeder looked , but it broke after a week . The squirrels at my home bent the feeder so they could have better access to the seed . I am disappointed , I know I only spent $ 25 , but I expected it to last more than a week . I am sure that if you do n't have squirrels it is a perfect bird feeder , but I would n't recommend it .
 This is a very pretty and sturdy bird feeder that has attracted larger cardinals and blue jays in my yard . However , squirrels are able to balance on the ledge of this feeder and eat the feed . Also , I live in Maryland that has experienced quite a bit of rain lately . The seed gets stuck in the slots and clumps into rotting balls . I 've had to clean the inside a few times and now just put limited amounts in the feeder to prevent a lot of loss . This is a great feeder for those of you who do not have heavy squirrel traffic and a relatively dry location .
 I 'll give Amazon 5 stars for their service but 0 for this product.First attempt - the plastic bottom arrived cracked - returned it for a replacement.Second attempt - the plastic sheathing around the wire hanger was torn preventing the lid from opening to add seed - returned it for a refund.Not sure if the plastic tray held on by small metal tabs would hold the weight of the seeds.Not sure if the thin wire hanger would hold the weight of the feeder.Even if the plastic tray was not broken or the sheathing was not torn , I would really be surprised if this product would hold up to the outdoor elements . The sides are made out of plastic which feel like they would pop out at a moment 's notice .
 I was very disappointed in this feeder , which came up in my search for a squirrel proof feeder . Maybe I should have known better , but it did it not stop the squirrels for a minute . The bottom tray is made of plastic , and when they knocked it to the ground it broke beyond repair . Since the rest is made of metal , the cheesy plastic tray is assumed to be aimed at encouraging repeat customers . Not recommended unless you live in an area without squirrels , then it is fine -LRB- if it does n't fall down for some other reason -RRB- . If you want to protect against squirrels , try something else . Made in China .
 Not very well designed or made . The plastic sheath on the wire was torn so consequently did n't slide through the top of the feeder .
 The rain trickles down the cord ... directly onto your seed ... making it clump together and mold . The seed in the outter tray gets soaked and sticks together . I previously wrote an outstanding review of this feeder ... but since my birds can not feed on molded or stuck-together seed , I must revise my opinion . Would NOT purchased this feeder .
 My wife ordered this thinking she was getting glass and metal not cheap plastic . Obviously it serves its primary function - feeding birds . It 's a little too big to be included in a Happy Meal . Think it has about a one year life expectancy . Do n't think it would sell well in the Hamptons . Great with a doublewide .
 This item arrived in a BIG box with many other items . The POOR packing resulted in the plastic perch/bottom cover arriving broken . I will attempt to fix the broken plastic , but am not happy about the products condition when it arrived !
 We have tried several plastic sprayers , and they always break after a couple months due to all of the plastic parts . We thought this would be a good solution , even though we could have purchased several plastic ones for the price . At first , it worked well . It had a good spray pattern , and descent pressure . However , after about 10 refills , it started losing pressure at the top seal where it screws together . Fortunately , we bought a rebuild kit after learning our lesson the hard way with other sprayers . Unfortunately , the gasket they sent with the rebuild kit was the wrong thickness for this sprayer . It turns out the metal that screwed together was bending every time it was filled up . Shortly after that , the gasket in the pump that creates pressure failed , so we used the one out of the rebuild kit -LRB- this one was actually the correct size -RRB- . Two fills later , that one went out , too . We have since thrown the unit away and went back to plastic ones . Very costly lesson learned .
 First when the product came in I had to file all around the tank welds because they had very sharp needle like pieces on the welded metal seams . That should have been a warning of no quality control . I purchased this in Oct 2010 . This week April 2011 after about 10 uses with Round up started leaking not from the tank seal but from the pump . Do n't think because it is stainless steel tank you are getting a quality item . The best thing is the wand , the rest is garbage .
 I really had high hopes for the Claber line of products based on what I 've read from other reviewers . I have no qualms with their spray nozzle . But I have a major complaint with their quick connect valve assemblies . The water stop mechanism works so well that even when I connect the spray nozzle onto these quick connect valve no water comes out of the spray . Tried as hard as I might I can not get this thing to work ! I took out the inner valve to figure out what went wrong ... now I ca n't seem to put the mechanism back again . I called their company and the best they could do was try to sent me a replacement quick connect . Well it took several calls and more than a month later quick connect came in the mail ... . but it was n't the right one ! I give up ! No more Claber products for me : -LRB-
 I only buy 3/4 '' hoses because I 'm on well water . My pressure is fairly high for a well -- 50 - 65 lbs -- as I added a 100 gal tank and cranked up the switch . The Claber quick-connects are only about 5/16 '' ID . That is less than half the diameter and 3/16 the cross-sectional area of a 3/4 '' hose.When you put that restrictor in the line , you will seriously reduce the flow rate . If you have high pressure and a small nozzel on the end it wo n't matter , but if you need to push a lot of water , better stay away from these flow-restrictor connectors .
 I tried this unit . I broke after about a weeks watering and off/on connects.If you need a quick connect/disconnect fitting , use the Nelson 50336 Brass Hose Quick Connectors Set , Male and Female . These are the units to get . About $ 1 more but solid brass , not the cheap plastic knock-off ` look alike ' you might have seen . These really last . I use them at home and on my RV for connecting the water supply . Totally leak proof.Update - December 2009The Nelson 50336 Brass Hose Quick Connectors Set , Male and Female all brass units get all stars . I have used them for years and have never had an issue/problem with any of them . I also use them on my RV water connection . I leave the male end always connected to the RV water line input connection . I leave the female connected to the water hose I use to connect to the RV park water faucet . To protect the RV male connection when not in use , I adapted an extra Nelson Brass Hose ` female ' Quick Connector end with a cap screwed into it to keep the connection clean . Zero leaking connections and this makes it far easier hook-up to the RV park water.I tried cheaper units and some of the plastic -LRB- ? -RRB- rubber -LRB- ? -RRB- units . Garbage . These are 100 % quality and you can not beat the price .
 The fabric was much thinner than I expected for a `` 20 year '' fabric . I 'll let you know in 20 years whether it lasted or not , but I have my doubts . I plan to purchase something locally in the spring to finish up the project rather than ordering another roll .
 When I bought the first one , I used the pkg instructions to check it out with a pot of boiling water , to be sure it would indicate 212 - it would n't go above 190 -LRB- my 2 candy thermometers registered 212 -RRB- . So I called their 800 number to request a replacement . Got a recording -LRB- 4PM EST on weekday -RRB- saying their hours are 8-5 , call a 617 -LRB- MS -RRB- number . That recording continues to run 24/7 - nobody ever answers the phone . I called the 617 number and `` Joe '' told me to put the thermometer in a 350 oven . -LRB- My oven thermostat is in perfect calibration with my oven thermometer . -RRB- This thermometer indicated 310 - not 350 . Called the 617 number back and they sent a replacement . Same problem with it , only this one does n't even show 190 with boiling water . I just tossed them both - will never again buy anything made by Bayou Classic . Hope somebody who 's trying to fry a turkey does n't get burned by overheated oil while waiting for this thermometer to get to the desired temp .
 I bought one of these about a year ago - tested it in boiling water - it registered 160 . Tested it in a 350 oven . It registered 240 . Contacted the company , which was also difficult . They were n't very nice at all , but finally agreed to send me another one . I tested the second one in boiing water . It registered 190 . In a 350 oven , it registered 275 . -LRB- Now , I see they 're selling them at 2 for the price of one . -RRB- I ended up buying another brand and while it was n't perfectly exact , it was close enough .
 I am new to the world of Co2 injection , and for the money I think this is a decent regulator . With that said I think there is better for the money . I paired this up with a C.A.P automated systems sensor to control the level at a constant 900 - 1450ppm However it seems like the relay heats up to a unusually high temperature -LRB- I mean burn your hands hot -RRB- . I also agree that if going the celing mount route they do not include enough tubing , you can probobly get away with aquarium silicone tubing however the tubing they include has a BAR pressure rating of 10 so I do not know how safe unrated tubing is to use . And my final complaint is their supposed `` High Quality '' regulator . When following the instructions and slowly opening the tank it pins the needle above 60 psi , so I backed the screw out all the way to find I could only lower it to 40 instead of the 30 it said to adjust to . I then shut off the tank and released the existing pressure with the flow control valve that I am only assuming is supposed to be closed during calibration . Again and again I tried till I got a result I was happy with . Basically it would be nice to have a more detailed manual about how to adjust the regulator , as well as an electronic -LRB- transistor based -RRB- , instead of mechanical -LRB- electromagnet -RRB- relay system to cut down on heat .
 Regulator will not hold settings , especially the lower ones required for smaller areas . The thing is also very hot ! Enough to burn your fingers when adjusting -LRB- or attempting to -RRB- the output . Bad Product ! Contacted the seller ... all I received from them was attitude .
 The oringinal cover that came with our Sojoe Firepit lasted the first season and then I accidently ran part of it over with the riding lawnmower . My fault this time . I then ordered this cover as its replacement and the cover lasted approximately 3 months and then the cover became very brittle and tore to shreds . The cover faded from the sun within the first month . Not a very good quality cover at all . Very expensive for a cover that needs to be replaced every year . So disappointed that I wasted my money .
 After receiving this item , I placed it under my dining table - which is also covered with a canvas table cover unless the table is in use . After a mere short 5 weeks of being outside , I noticed that the item was starting to rust . I was told by the seller that because I live `` close to the ocean '' that this will happen and will continue to happen . That 's `` great '' since the item was specifically ordered because it stated it was `` weather resistant '' . If additional care should have bee taken with this product before placing in my backyard , if feel some type of addtional instructions should have been included with this product . Now I 'm being told to go over it with a wire brush . Perfect idea ! Let 's remove more of the paint so the cast iron is even more exposed . Before long I wo n't have an umbrella base left to worry about as the rust will have eaten the entire base away . I will NEVER order from this very customer unfriendly company again . They were the most unhelpful company I think I 've ever had to deal with .
 The `` dramatic '' dome does not keep out rain . There 's a hole for the chain at the top ! Rain invariably seeps in , so that the seed at the bottom , where the birds feed , rots . Even though this feeder holds so much , I sometimes have to take it down before it 's empty to clean it . Admitedly , I live in Georgia , and we get torrential downpours . If you get only light showers , or live in a dry region , this may be the feeder for you.However , the perches on the feeder are plastic , and are once again worn or broken . No one seems to want to stock them , so I 'm on the internet looking for some . Amazon does not have them either . I 'll continue my search . At some point , I 'll continue my pathetic search for the perfect feeder .
 Forget this one ! the first fall from the tree and it is in pieces . The construction is entirely too fragile -- only a very small wire holds it together inside and it easily falls apart . It does not matter if it keeps out the squirrels if the birds land and it crashes into smithereens .
 The birds have to sit on a tiny plastic perch then stick their heads into a hole to get to the food . Have had the feeder up for over a month and the birds have n't been able to empty even half the food . Think I 'll go back to the old feeder for the winter so the poor things do n't starve . This was an expensive mistake .
 I recieved this item from Amazon , it was packaged poorly and was broken . I informed amazon and returned item and had another one sent to my home . This item was also broken . I then just asked for my money back . Packaged poorly and easily breakable . D --
 The item pictured is not what Amazon ships !! The actual item received is of a simple swivel hook ... not the swivel bracket shown in the picture !!
 The photo is of a hook that can be mounted . The item is actually just a rotating clip that goes on to a hook/bracket/etc .
 It 's a neat design , but we 've tried three seed mixtures right now and they all end up spilled all over the ground . The first two fillings I used a `` wide assortment '' mix , but after the mess that was made I decided to change some things.I have it hanging from a tall spruce tree right next to the house on a protected side . Utah is dry , we do n't really need the drain holes in the perch . This was a major cause of mess , birds would land and seed would spill from the large drain holes.So I filled all the drain holes in the perch with silicone caulk . Finally , the splillage problem is fixed , right?Wrong . This time it 's a sunflower/millet mixture and after about 30 hours , about 1/4 to 1/3 of the seed is on the ground . There is seed everywhere . Not only is it protected from wind in its location , we 've had two high-pressure days with no wind . Yet it is spilling more seed than ever!A previous writer said that it was hard to get seed out . I suspect they changed the design to let more seed out , and BOY , does it let the seed out . At this rate I 'll be out of seed in less than a week , The seed on the ground is an inch thick . That 's going to just attract rats.I do n't know what makes mine different , but I am very disappointed . I can pour seed on the ground without the need of an expensive feeder . Perhaps I need to start plugging the seed bin output holes ... I do n't know.I do know one thing ... why my local Wild Bird Center had this on closeout sale .
 Some lesser flaws - water drips in from a poor top seal , on windy days the seed blows out of the tray , -LRB- especially thistle/niger seed -RRB- , plastic clouds up after a while . Biggest flaw however , is what happens when it falls . I had just filled one with sunflower seed when a smarter-than-average squirrel chewed through the nylon rope I had it suspended from . The feeder literally exploded when it hit the ground . I found pieces 25 feet away . Other pieces I never found at all . This product has been drawing similar feedback for at least 4 or 5 years , but there have been no improvements . Guess the manufacturer is n't concerned about repeat purchasers or improving product quality .
 If you have squirrels that can get into your feeders , do not buy this feeder . Within a week , the squirrels had managed to break the tray and knock the whole bottom half off . The plastic really is n't strong enough for the size of the feeder . Spend your money on a sturdier feeder !
 I do n't know about this bird feeder . Reading these reviews it sounds like it does a great job of keeping squirrels away . However , the quality of materials and construction leaves me with the impression that this is a piece of junk.Forget about the squirrels , I 'm worried about falling acorns shattering this thing to pieces.Not worthy of my money .
 The feeder has broken on me 3 -- yes 3 times ! It supposedly has a `` lifetime '' guarantee . The lady was pleasant enough , but she let me know that I have to pay $ 12 EVERY time the feeder breaks . I have no squirrels that can access this feeder . The plastic is VERY brittle -LRB- maybe due to the fluctuation in temperature in New England ? -RRB- and the feeder tube keeps breaking . Falling right down spilling a mess of seed for me to deal with . I asked her if I called again in a year because of another broken tube was I going to get charged again ? -LRB- Mind you this is the 2nd time I 've paid -RRB- `` Yes . '' Not the quality or treatment you get with Droll Yankee or Aspect . I will continue to buy from them exclusively . Never again with this piece of inferior junk !!!
 3 days after I received it the wind knocked it off the chain and it fell to the ground and shattered ! I guess $ 60 dose n't buy unbreakable plastic .
 When i received it , I put it together and added my seed to it . I attached it to thetree branch and by the end of the day I saw that it had fallen from the tree . To my surprise , it broke in pieces.So , no I would not recommend it nor buy it again
 The top and the bottom that holds the seed do not fit . It hangs in the tree lop sided and there is nothing I can do to keep it straight . Piece of junk !
 This product did not last for 15 mins . It broke during use .
 The product is plastic and did not fit the Karcher pressure washer as advertised . The hose is rated for less psi than the washer . I need to go somewhere else to find the replacement that will fit and function .
 I had to send this back to Amazon . The set screw that is required to be removed to adjust for different pressures would not come out so that the correct pressure screw could be installed . Low price , now a 2-3 month wait for a replacement -LRB- not Amazon 's problem , but the manufacturer -RRB- .
 I read all the reviews before my purchase , and still bought this set . If you own a Greenworks electric pressure washer , stay away from this unless you want to waste your money like I did . It does not fit properly and leaks like a sieve .
 With all the different nozzles enclosed , none fit my pressure washer . Mine just happens to be different , Made in Italy and the distributor seemed to have left the US market .
 Like the Powerwasher from the same company , this nozzle is among the worst products I have ever purchased . The one that came with the powerwasher broke after about an hour of use . I bought this one to replace the original , but it broke almost instantly - within 30 seconds of beginning the first use it split open . The plastic structure could not handle the water pressure . Do not buy this item !
 The nozzle split on the very first use . Do not recommend this product .
 The tip split open after about 1 hour ... total rip off . Could n't submit this without a rating so I gave it a 1 star ... actually it should be -5 stars .
 I ordered this nozzle and also a replacement gun . They sent me a hose instead of the gun . I sent it back and they promised me a replacement . They sent a hose AGAIN , but the second time , there was no prepaid shipping to return it . I called , but the call center person could not comprehend what my complaint was . In the end , I sent it all back , so now I have nothing to show except wasted time and trouble packing boxes , driving to the post office , and looking at convoluted bills trying to understand if the refunds were correct . Not a good experience .
 Do n't waste your money . The turbo nozzel did not work . It was also the reason that I purcased this kit .
 crappy brittle plastic , bought 2 of them & both broke upon 1st use . Hopefully Amazon has dropped this item ! junk !
 Bought this with the gun and hose . Both products were ok but the connectors suck . They are made out of plastic -LRB- which is ok -RRB- but the plastic ca n't take the pressure and snapped in the first five minutes . This happened with two of the connectors . Went to Lowes and bought one with mainly metal parts .
 It fit my machine fine and looked like it was going to work well , however it leaked at the joint between the nozzle and the tube . It was so bad that it sprayed back and got me wet . No amount to tightening or adjusting would make it stop.Tossed it in the trash , total waste of money
 This turbo nozzle/wand worked fine for about 1/2 hour on my Black & Decker electric power washer . It cracked and stopped working . . Returning it today .
 Made with cheap plastic and not very sturdy if using the elbow connections . Best case scenario is that it provides an extension for height .
 This universal kit was on sale , combo special discount with my gas powered pressure washer , so I got it . BUT , the ad fails to state that it is for electric power washers only - and even then , the peices are for several different models only . - So you may only have 1 or 2 peices that would fit your washer ! It 's also cheaply made and packaged , w / por instructions . Do n't waste your money !
 Only one piece of this kit fits my Karcher electric pressure washer and that is a nozzle . Having a nozzle into the trigger handle is not a very helpful thing . Very disappointed .
 Good quality and price , lots of adapters but none of them fitAR North America AR383 1,900 PSI 1.5 GPM 11 Amp Electric Pressure Washer With Hose Reel . It is advertised to fit most electric power washers ; so , for sure I thought it would fit mine since it 's so popular . Nope . Customer service rep could n't provide information on which specific brands this kit is supposed to fit , either . However , the manual that came with it did say something like
 While there were all sorts of variations for connecting to the hose there was only one option for the nozzle .
 I purchased this item specificaly for the variable fan spray nozzle which adjusts from pencil point to wide fan spray . And received one that sprays in a circular motion . Not Happy with this purchase !
 I bought this accessory kit to use with my AR112 pressure washer . The kit includes 5 adapters but none of them fit the AR112 . I had to return the kit to Amazon
 Bought the replacement gun and hose , and the attachment kit , worked fine for about 5 minutes , then started to leak profusly , at the connection between the connection at the gun , and the connection at the wand , i was soaking wet by the time i was done , cheap plastic , and seals , i do n't recomend this product !
 I have a good friend who is a huge Dale Jr. fan and thought this would be an excellent gift . When I got it , the fabric was very thin and the colors were dull instead of bright . For what I got , this item was too pricey . Needless to say , I was disappointed .
 Not only did the squirrels figure out how to pry open the top and chew the edge of the tube in order to reach the seed , once that was remedied they simply squeezed into the cage itself to help themselves . I expected better from an Audubon product .
 I 'm writing today , because I woke up to see a squirrel under a ripped open feeder , sitting in front of a pile of bird seed . This squirrel proof feeder is not strongly made , and IS NOT SQUIRREL PROOF !
 I had such high hopes that this would be just the right feeder for my ever increasing population of pesky squirrels . But because we had so many young ones , the squirrels just climb through the cage openings and feast away . They can empty this large feeder in a day ! I have even tried spraying them with water to make this as unpleasant an experience as possible but then they get so frantic they trap themselves inside the cage and ca n't get out . Do n't bother trying this one ... it simply does n't work !
 Great feeder until , as with Judith , a squirrel decided to put the bite on the exposed , top plastic parts of the seed tube . Totally destroyed . I 'm now in the pleasant misery of trying to replace the tube . If you buy this otherwise great Goldfinch feeder , shape a 1/4 inch metal mesh cover over the vulnerable top and bend the end wires to keep it in place . Otherwise , this thing is too expensive to put out for tree rat marauders .
 This feeder is a piece of junk . The 1st day I installed it the chain slipped through the top and the feeder crashed to the ground breaking into many pieces . I contacted the distributor and they would not compensate for the faulty top . Stay away from this feeder.Too much money .
 This product came in a big paper carton with a plastic bag wrapped around it . Not condusive to keeping clean at all , and there was powder all over the bag . Upon more research I realized it was not food grade quality , and there was no real way to spread it around without getting it all over yourself . I recommend the little shaker food grade ones which are 100 percent as opposed to this 85 percent stuff . And be careful , if you get this stuff on you it makes your hands feel so dry no lotion will work on them for days ... imagine what they do to your lungs ...
 I applied this product to the ant mounds in my yard 4 days ago and the ants are still alive . Short of trying to buy an anteater , what can I do to kill these pesky ants -LRB- I 've used chemicals , even doused with gaseline , and now this does n't work -RRB- ?
 I love Morning Song products , but not the Berry Punch suet because a -RRB- our birds do n't seem to like it much ; and b -RRB- it has no fruit in it . It 's artificially flavored.See my reviews of other suets . Our birds like `` Nutty Safari '' best , followed by the variety with sunflower seeds , followed by the ` year round ' suet.Pam T ~ mom and bird lover
 I ordered this item recently to simplify the hookup of our pressure washer and other water based gardening tools and hoped that it provides a solid connection . Sadly it turned out to be leaking none stop and be basically useless.I replaced all the washer 's in the hope to get it to seal , but to no available.Highly dissatisfied
 I also bought what appears to be the same item at Home Depot for much less . They are nice at first but start leaking within the first year . By the second year , the ball bearings that hold the fittings together started to stick and the rubber/plastic grip rings were slipping off , making using them very difficult . NOT impressive !
 I am on my second one of these . The first one I bought maybe 5 years ago finally wore out and was looking rather shabby , so I purchased a new one last year . They changed a few features on it and now it does n't work at all . The little perches the birds stand on unscrew no matter how tightly I screw them in and fall out after a few days . I tried glueing them in , but that failed . I kept screwing them back in but over the weeks I have had it I am down to about 2 of them . I think they got swept up with leaves -- or some animal ran off with them ... have no idea , but they vannished . Anyhow I wo n't be buying another of this type . I wish I could get the one that was made before this version . It worked fine .
 purchased this item and it was defective . merchant refused to replace the defective item .
 The birds do n't like it at all ... I saw about four just sit at the feeder and try to figure out what they were supposed to do . I think one of the birds actually flipped me off for getting this . If you do n't tighten the lid and bottom secure enough the bird seed will spill ALL over your floor , and it 's amazing how quickly a full bird feeder will empty on the ground . I would have to say that I ca n't see how a squirrel would get to the food ... I will say that about it . But what good is it if the birds do n't get to it either ? I 'll probably go back to one of the others and just feed the squirrels with the birds .
 This product works as advertised . I watched 2 different squirrells try and get to the seed for almost an hour . They tried some quite ingenius techniques ; all to no avail . Great product.I Highly recommend it .
 This feeder has cut way back on the number of birds at my feed station . The perch-ring appears to be too close to the seed . The cardinals still have to stand side-wise . Cardinals and small birds both seem to prefer the old feeder or the platform feeder .
 Being the bird lover that I am I bought 2 of these bad boys.Filled them to the brim with songbird seed mix and in less than a day both were empty.Each time the perching little fellas were enjoying one seed , 200 seeds would fall out of the feeder to the ground.The doves and quail enjoy the spillage but 2 pounds of seed a day on my lawn is overkill.Perhaps I should try some larger seed like filberts or pecans still in the shell .
 Disappointed in the feeder because it does not attract birds . I used the same bird seed in my last feeder which was a platform one but that broke after 10 years . It looks great but not getting any birds .
 The materials and workmanship seem pretty good . The ability to clean seems better than most.However , I see 3 problems :1 . A danger to birds in that while they are feeding , the landing of other birds endangers their necks .2 . Not water proof . When it rains , the feed gets soggy and this makes an awful rotting mess .3 . Cardinals do not use the feeder - even with the special cardinal perch . -LRB- This might be a selling point if you do not like cardinals as smaller birds thrive from the lack of cardinal competition . -RRB- 4 . The cardinal perch permits squirrel access from under.Bottom line - If your goal was to feed cardinals , buy something else . The one that we ordered is on the way back .
 I like the feeder and I like the way it comes apart and is easy to fill . I have been feeding cardinals with regular feeders for years in the same location but I have not been able to attract cardinals to this feeder . I use a cardinal mix feed , same as I have been using for several years and many other birds will feed at this feeder but absolutely no cardinals . Does anybody have any suggestions?I contacted the manufacturers but I received no help at all .
 Bad buy.This feeder does not work if set to given instructions . It does not keep out Grackle , black birds , or crows with given instructions . . There is no proper setting . I followed the instructions given by the customer service rep when I called them . The instructions did not work . So I tried something on my own . I raised the adjustment setting half way above the first yellow line and taped three nails to the bottom of the perch . It works some what , it keeps out most of the big birds away ? I see black bird , crows and grackle at the feeder every day , the food goes pretty fast . The Grackles are to clever , they get food from the feeder . I bought this feeder to attract cardinals and to keep out The big birds t out . I feel there is no ideal bird feeder .
 Good feeder until the squirrels figured out how to jump on and swing it , spilling seed to the ground . After one such jump , they managed to get the thing to disconnect from a boat latch I used to suspend it from the tree . Once they had it on the ground , they ate through the flimsy plastic part that makes the whole thing work . 86 bucks down the drain .
 I bought this last year on Amazon for $ 57 and liked it enough to buy another one this year when I was shocked to see the price go up to $ 85 - 50 % increase for the same product !! A bit much for me at this time . Noticed that Peanut version is much more rugged , has more metal and is much cheaper -LRB- I was thinking of buying -RRB- . Time to look for another vendor or just stick to the one birdfeeder I have !!
 This feeder worked fine for about two weeks , until the blue jays realized that they could perch IN THE FOOD HOLES and eat out of adjacent holes , thereby foiling the perch weighting mechanism.Brome had better go back to the drawing board ; this feeder just is not clever enough for certain species .
 Last year I had great success with Squirrel Buster Plus . It was set at 4 ounces and mostly used by small birds and cardinals . Later that summer , I was able to set it at 6 ounces with the same success . This year it 's been a nightmare . Set at 4 ounces , I have had pigeons , grackles and doves spend most of the day on this feeder . 4 ounces will prevent pigeons from getting any food out , but it does n't stop them from trying . Today I looked out my window and saw a pigeon jump on while a small bird had its head all the way into the feeding port . Once the pigeon jumped on , the feeding port came down and the birds head was stuck inside the feeding port . When I ran outside the pigeon finally got off and the small bird flew away . So disgusted , I brough the squirrel buster inside the house . The weight of the pigeon closing the port on the birds neck must have caused damage or at least some serious pain for that bird . Even set at a mere 4 ounces , grackles and doves can feed without a problem . If you have to set it at less , only a couple of birds can feed at one time , so it 's really not worth the money . Having 6 feeding ports is worthless if you can only set it at 2 or 3 ounces . 3 ounces will not feed doves , but I have seen grackles feeding at a 3 ounce setting . All summer I have seen nothing but large birds -LRB- pigeons , grackles and doves -RRB- , while the small birds sit on the fence never getting their turn . Since the cardinals get no turn at all on the feeder , they come to the fence near my window and wait for me to throw peanuts to them . Lots of babies now and I throw out at least 50 peanut halves a day . Really sad . A bird feeder with a remote control to flip off pigeons , grackles and doves would be great .
 Product is definitely squirrel proof , however we found that there is too much seed that spills . We had many unwanted visitors - would not purchase it again .
 Plastic ring perch broke during assembly . I have E-mailed the Manufacturer `` Brome Bird care ' . No response ! I would like to purchae/replace the plastic ring !
 After about a week , the squirrels stopped trying to get onto the feeder , and I thought this was the greatest feeder in the world . The problem is that this feeder is not waterproof and we live in a very wet climate . With every rain , the seed cakes into the feeder . It is necessary to get a stick and pry it out . I tried putting a ring of silicone around the major joint , but the water comes in through the top . If you do n't clean it out right away , the seeds sprout and there is a terrible mess . It is a great design except for this one MAJOR flaw .
 A good idea but for every seed a bird takes , 2 or 3 fall to the ground . The bird love the feeder but the squirrels do too . They just shake the seed out or get what falls to the ground from the birds .
 I could not believe that this new feeder was destroyed completely after a few weeks of hanging . The squirrels managed to pull the hanger off and topple it to the ground . It cracked ! This was hung on secure wrought iron that I hang plants from in the summer.Perhaps the company should make the metal connection more solid!So unhappy for the price ! I would never purchase from them again .
 THis is a nice feeder . If your squirrels are n't particularly aggressive it might work for you . However , they easily can knock it off the pole/branch and eat the seed off the ground . Another issue I have is with moisture and sometimes FUR -LRB- YUCK -RRB- getting in the feeder holes , thus defeating the whole purpose . I was too frustrated & had to throw it away . Also , one time the top was n't secure and the squirrel literally crawled into the tube . I saw him eating and was just amazed at his feat . Hand to God .
 In a nutshell , the Brome company should be sued for advertising that this feeder deters the grackles and starlings from feeding at this feeder.This feeder relies on the elasticity of a spring that can be adjusted to the weight put on the spring . Grackles and starlings are adroit and persistent . They do the following to beat the weight sensitivity of the spring
 If you are hoping , as I was , to see more cardinals in your yard using this feeder , you will be disapointed . The cardinals do not prefer this type of feeder at all . I have only seen one or two of them use it in the six months I have had it . I do get lots of cardinals , but they ignore this feeder like the plague . Instead , they prefer to eat off the ground -LRB- typical of cardinals -RRB- or they use a standard feeder on a stand I have had for years . The cardinal ring portion of this feeder is a joke . If you want a squirell proof feeder , this will work , but do n't expect the cardinals to use it , even with the so called `` cardinal ring '' . I 'm sorry I wasted my money on it , thinking the cardinals would like it . c.u. Michigan
 Initially I was pleased as it rid me of the grackles . However taking this apart and then reassembling after cleaning became a dubious chore . Alas finally getting it all back together the lever controls for the individual feed stations seem to no longer function . I give up !
 I putchased two of these with high hopes that they would deter our starlings and squirrels . This has been accomplished but the birds birdcot this feeder.After one try all of the cardinals totally ignore this . The Mocking Birds will take a few nibbles if nothing else is available . I filled one with sunflower seeds and I do not see any signs of these being eaten . The fruit and nut mix I use does disappear but at a very very slow rate . Mostly the small birds will partake . The cost was high and so was the disappointment
 When I received the bird feeder the outside package was fine it was packed nicely and boxed When I took out of the original box it has a large dent on the base -LRB- bottom of feeder -RRB- . Which is strange because the box had not damage.This is why i do not like to order things online because I do n't like the return process .
 This comes close . . but not close enough . The company is great . I have ordered several replacement parts after squirrels have torn it apart . I have had this feeder for 5 + years . Here 's the problem
 For everyone out there that is an avid bird feeding enthusiast , you are by now well aware that you will spend half your time selecting seed , buying feeders , setting up and tending to them , and the other half battling squirrels for control of them . Squirrel 's are nothing less than amazing in both their tenacity and technique when it comes to getting at the bird seed we desire so desperately to keep them away from . Squirrel baffles of all shapes and design are only effective about half the time at best . And weight sensitive perches are soon made obsolete or at least only partially effective when word gets around as to how to hang down from above and keep your body weight elsewhere . This very expensive squirrel buster is really nothing but a little better design on an old idea . The weight sensitive perch is nothing new . Its been in the arsenal of attack on squirrels for quite a few years now . A weight sensitive perch is only as effective as what 's overhead for the wily squirrel to hang his feet on and drop below . The squirrel buster does just about as good a job at making the top of its feeder pretty near paw proof as I have encountered , but not totally . My neighbor who owns one of these has seen quite a few squirrels attempt to drop from above to the seed below only to slip and fall , -LRB- much to her giggling delight -RRB- . However not a day goes by that some future Olympian worthy fellow somehow manages to lock his feet above securely and feast on the spoils now at his disposal below . Now that she has had it for a few weeks it has become an everyday event that at least a couple of squirrels beat the system . Its my opinion that there is no such thing as a foolproof squirrel busting feeder . This one is close , but at the price their asking for it I do n't consider it a worthwhile investment at all . Take away its design and its no better made than any other feeder costing half its price . It will get just as dirty and is just as hard to clean . Its all up to the individual of course . But its my take that this feeder is extremely overpriced regardless of its promise and performance . If you are interested in a feeder that is every bit as squirrel proof as this one and is about a third the price , try the Backyard Bistro bird feeder available on the web . I own 5 of them and they are made of very tough impenetrable vinyl and aluminum and its shape and hardness makes it just as effective against squirrels as the buster here . You can even buy six of these in a case for the price of two of these feeders , and with free shipping thrown in . Check it out and see for yourself . And happy hunting !
 I will start off by saying that I am an avid bird watcher/feeder I know how to attract many different types of birds including Orioles , Bluebirds , Wrens , Swallows ect . I have many of the best feeders out there and have found NONE of them including this one will stop grackles . I did n't buy this feeder to deter squirrels but rather grackles . I saw the videos about how this feeder would exclude larger birds grackles to be exact so I went ahead and gave it a try especially with all the good reviews about this feeder . This feeder may be great at excluding squirrels which is great for a lot of people but if your like me and have a lot of grackles in the area you can forget about using this feeder . If you know anything about grackles you will know that they are very smart and are extremely persistent and are very quick to learn . At first the feeder was working at keeping them out but not for long until about day 2 of use a grackle decided to get smart and flap his wings to reduce the weight on the perch . It was a domino effect from there as the other grackles quickly learned to flap their wings to get to the seed . I even reduced the spring to its most sensitive setting but did n't matter they just keep flapping their wings until there is enough of an opening to get to the seed and all the while the other more desirable birds stood by and laughed at my efforts ! Weight sensitive designs like this feeder simply can not and will not work against grackles period . As far as I 'm concerned it is false advertising to claim that this feeder prevents larger '' unwanted '' birds from feeding . The only way to keep them out is with a cage feeder that they ca n't fit through but unfortunately you will prevent other birds like Cardinals and Grosbeaks from being able to feed which is a shame . I will also note that I had a lot of seed drop out of the feeder whenever a bird hopped on the perch to feed and that 's another negative . Bottom line if you are buying this feeder to prevent squirrels and do n't have grackles around your area then this is probably a good feeder for you but if your like me and have problems with grackles and other larger birds than this will not be a solution to your problems like '' Brome '' claims .
 I bought one of these and it 's useless for me since squirrels can reach it from the side . The manual warns you about this , but the descriptions -LRB- and worse the dealers -RRB- do n't . The squirrels quickly figure out that they can lean on it gently and raid it from the side . They strip the seed pretty fast that way.Don ' t buy unless you 've got a few feet clearance on all sides .
 I have 3 of these feeders and they do a very good job of defeating the squirrels , raccoon etc. . However they are not very good at keeping the seed dry . Rain enters the feeder through the top and it gets in the feeding holes ; a couple of days after a rain storm the seed in the feeding ports will be spoiled , and the bird stay away . We put squirrel domes on the top of these feeders - stop rain from getting into the feeder tube . However feeding hole still get wet and the food will spoil - you need to clean out the feeder holes after every rain .
 I have yet to see a cardinal use this feeder . I got the smaller one which works great for smaller birds I ordered this for the cardinals and they do n't use it . I have it hanging with my all my feeders only small birds use it . Works great to keep squirrels away . I feel that the ring is to high for the larger birds to perch on and eat .
 I feel I wasted my money buying this attachment . It is not strong enough to clean the cement . If you need something to just spray light dirt away , maybe this would work for you . If you need it to CLEAN the cement , do n't bother buying this , you will just go back to using the spray nozzle that came with the pressure washer , like I did .
 I purchased this item a month ago . It comes with 4 adapaters not 5 as indicated on their photo the one I needed was the 5th one which was not included with the product . In their directions they indicate that the adapter for the power washer I have was an option and had to be ordered separately . To date I have sent 5-6 emails and called their customer service so I can order the adapter . No response and no luck . They actually gave me a phone number that was disconnected . Needless to say it 's still sitting in the box never used . It will cost more to send back to Amazon than it 's worth .
 I was disappointed to gotten this power washer broom and had to send it back due to it having only 4 adapters . The 2nd one received also had only 4 adapters . The one I needed was probably the missing one . I have asked Amazon to remove this product or revise the description . I would n't buy from FAIP again.FAIP PowerWasher Universal Pressure Washer H20 PowerWash Broom # 80009
 Bought this item knowing that Intex was a quality outfit . The pool is great , but this cover needs a more effective attachment to the rim of the pool , otherwise it just sinks in the water , not helping anything . The leaves , bugs , cottonwood , pollen ... stuff just comes off the cover and down in the pool when you take it off unless you have 2 or more people , not children to carefully take it off . The material stinks , I mean smells too . To me it was a waste of $ 25 .
 This product is very cheaply made . One little wind storm and the seams came pulling apart . As for the seller they were great to work with . sent the stuff right away . Thanks .
 !!!!!! ITEM RETURNED !!!!!! I would n't waste my money on this product . its not like the picture where is goes down half the pool , it maybe goes down 10 inches . it holds on with draw strings in one spot , and with 2 adults pulling the strings it still does n't get tight . it lays in the water , not nice and tight like the picture . !!!! SEE THE PICTURE I SUBMITTED THAT IS WHAT YOU GET !!!! It has fallen off 3 times already , -LRB- have had it 2 days now -RRB- and it was not even windy , we also tried putting a innertube under it too , still to no avail . you would be just as good if you bought a tarp ,
 The cover tore easily around the seam . Would not take alot of tension or pulling when putting it on the pool , before it tore .
 I bought the item despite some of the bad reviews I read about this pool cover , thinking `` how bad could it be ? '' . It is completely useless . First , this pool cover sinks in the middle when installed and no matter how much I tried with two other adults , we could not make it look like it is advertised in the picture . Second , once it is put over the pool , it can not withstand a reasonable amount of breeze . I wish I can send it back and get my money back !
 It broke the first year we bought it , and it does n't cover as well as in the picture!Now we will have to get another for next year
 It took me almost a month to get this pool cover and when I did get it the wind blew it off and ripped it right away .
 They sent me Gray color . If I knew it is Gray I would not buy it .
 There no way that we have found to keep the cover off the top of the water . So therefore it does not drain the water into the pool and is a big hassle ! Had to take off because of winds .
 Not sure why Amazon is labeling this as a toy , but regardless ... I understand the explanation says the style may vary , but I was expecting something similar to the photo . The photo is very misleading !
 I bought this cover for my frame type pool like the one pictured and the cover is CRAP . It says intex on the top and it has holes in it -LRB- not sure why looks like it was made this way -RRB- . It lets all kinds of leaves and bugs into my pool . the cover does NOT fit properly . The seams are ripping.I have a 12 ft pool and this cover is TOO big . the drawstring does not work properly and its ripping in that area too.It does not work well in a heavy rain either.It does not stay above the water because you cant get the cover tight enough.I am NOT happy with this cover and would never buy one again.You would be better off buying a tarp big enough to cover the pool and tying it down.It is definitely NOT worth the price .
 Didn , t like the product . it was to lite weight . Wouldn , t stay on.Didn ' t last long . Maybe try something difference this year
 I love the warm water but after a few days , water has mildew in it ... . I guess it needs more air flow ...
 This thing is the absolute biggest waste of money on Amazon . Yeah you can pull it over the pool but laces do not hold it on . Any slight breeze will send it into the yard . When you try to tighten the strings they tear the cheap plastic liner . Buyer Beware !!
 Drainage holes are a MUST for bonsai pots . We have to drill them ourselves and is is not easy ! Do not recommend .
 My one star rating is for Amazon , not the generator . I ca n't rate the generator itself because I was sent one that was so damaged that the electrician would not install it . Adding to the hassle is/was the fact that I live outside the delivery area of the shipper that Amazon uses so they have another , smaller shipper make their deliveries and pickups to this area . This delays the delivery by several days at a minimum -LRB- the second shipper delivers at their cost-effective convenience , not at the customer 's convenience.When we tried to report the damaged generator and also get some information regarding the installation -LRB- since the electrician was here -RRB- we had a terrible time getting past the first line of customer support operators . They know nothing other than to take information and say they will e-mail Tools and Hardware who will get in touch at some time -LRB- could be a couple of days -RRB- . This was totally unacceptable to us and after lots of pursuasion someone finally gave us the phone number of the Tools and Hardware support -LRB- 1-800-884-9132 -RRB- . It was that helpful person who initiated the process to order us a new/replacement generator and to have the damaged one picked up . I called the regular support line a few times to check on this process because the shipper said they had not received notice from Amazon to come back . Expect different answers from different operators . Only the Tools & Hardware people have a clue what to do . It took about a week before the shipper contacted me about the pick up . However it was another week before the smaller shipper picked up the damaged item -- the same day they delivered the replacement generator . The smaller shipper had the new generator in their possession for nearly a week before they delivered it.The most outrageous part of this transaction is that the second generator was also damaged . It appeared to be someone else 's reject . The box was open , no shrink wrap , no packing material and items inside the carton were open . The generator itself looked ok -LRB- especially compared to the previous one -RRB- but the conduit that holds all the wires was torn open . I could n't assess if there was damage to the wires and hoped that maybe the electrician could fix it , so I accepted the delivery -LRB- my big mistake -RRB- . This one has to be returned as well . Tools and Hardware support was already closed for the day -LSB- and weekend -RSB- so I could not report the damaged item to them and start this process all over . It has been a month since I ordered the first generator . It will probably be another two weeks before the damaged replacement gets picked up and I was told not to expect my refund until 4 weeks after the generator is returned and processed by Amazon . This has been an awful process . The serial numbers of these two generators are 4504112 and 4504009 . If you receive one of them ask for a discount because you 're getting a refurbished item or do n't accept it .
 I bought this unit from H.D. box store less than 3 years ago . During a brief power-outage today we noticed the coffee maker was freaking out and the toaster was super heating almost instantly . My electrician came over on an emergency call immediately . The upshot of the situation is that the generac 's voltage regulator failed and was surging power into my home at 330 instead of the normal 220 . The surge fried the mother-board on my gas furnace my ignitor -LRB- and possible other complications -RRB- , messed up my invisible fence for my dog , fried a television and an alarm clock . The Generac customer service rep. told me that they are not responsible for complications of their units malfunction and that I should call my homeowners insurance . In the meantime I 'm out about $ 1000.00 on furnace repairs etc. and no heat in the house . I would not recommend any product from this company .
 I picked this particular generator , in spite of the high price , because it is big enough to power pretty a whole house -LRB- 1st star -RRB- and is designed to start automatically -LRB- 2nd star -RRB- . The local authorized installer could not come for over a month but others in this area did not want to install because we did not buy from them . It was very frustrating to have a power failure during freezing weather and the generator was sitting in the backyard not hooked up . It has stopped working a couple of times already since it was installed and this time we have been trying to get someone to come and fix it for over a month .
 This product has the quality issues . Probe is not straight , the main body or washer has the crooked nut so the connection is not good.The manufactory want me to fix the bend by myself to viod the replacement.This is the bad purchasing experience I have had with Amazon so far .
 I was at a home store the other day . They only carried the Tomcat brand snap traps . So I bought them.I usually buy `` Victor '' . The first night I set the traps -LRB- three traps -RRB- the bait was completely eaten and the traps did n't snap . The second night I set them again and one out of three snapped and cought a rat . I use orange slices with the peeling attached , so it ca n't be carried off . The rats had to make plenty of movement to completely the orange and just leave the peeling behind . Bottom line , these traps suck . I have always used Victor traps with success . Tomcat brand traps are a complete waste oof money . Make the wise choice and buy Victor traps .
 The basic design is classic , so I have no problem with that . I did catch one mouse . But both units failed in exactly the same way within days of purchase . The u-shaped pins which support the spring at the pivot popped out of the wooden base ... causing the spring to snap my finger , what 's a little black and blue between friends ? Do n't waste your hard-earned money .
 This is a truly gorgeous statue but probably should only be used indoors.I bought one late this Spring and liked it so well I had one drop-shipped to my parents in California . Unfortunately my St. Francis fell over during a rainfall , and his head broke off . My father was smarter than I was - he mortared his to a rock . I had no idea it would be brittle during warm humid weather - if you buy one and have it out in the winter I 'm sure it would be much worse!I want Amazon to send me a replacement and I will return the broken one so the coroner can do a forensic examination . The St. Francis just is n't the same holding his head in the crook of his arm .
 This product was good , but not great . We ended up buying a different press for about the same price , and we like it significantly better . This one was just too hard to get the patties out , and did n't provide a good indication of how big or well formed the patties are . I 'd suggest adding measurements -LRB- half pound , 1/3 pound , etc -RRB- to the outside , or provide a clear case so you can see that it has been properly formed without gaps.Also , the silicone liner thing was hard to remove and put back in . Overall , I would not recommend this one over alternative products available on Amazon .
 I was very disappointed in this product . After a few uses it is hard to get the burgers out of the bowl . I guess for nearly $ 16 I was expecting better quality and performance . Stay away , get something cheaper and you will be much happier !
 about the third time I used it , I suddenly had 2 pieces in my hand . Just fell apart , would not recommend purchasing one .
 This burger press makes very small hamburgers and not big enough for my liking . It 's definitely not worth what I paid for it and the burgers do n't pop out of the mold that easily .
 i expected the silicone to help with the release of the meat from the patty maker - did n't .
 Regretfully , I purchased the hamburger press ... I used it one time . . after one washing i can not get the red end cap to slip back on the press ... it has swelled and will not go on ... . i threw away the box it came in so now i am stuck with a PIECE OF JUNK . . I DO not RECOMMEND THAT YOU WASH THIS PRESS AS THEN YOU WONT BE ABLE TO USE IT AGAIN ... I WILL BUY THE DUAL ALUMINUM PRESS FROM j.C. Penney ... . its metal ... DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM IF YOU INTEND TO WASH THE RED CAP ... I do n't particularly like silicone burgers as this coating will come off in your burger ... to sum it all up ... ITS A PIECE OF JUNK
 Not many good things about it.It will make a round hamburger , but not tight.It is made of some strange plastic -LRB- like a hard rubber -RRB- not ez clean.It makes a dip in the meat -LRB- thats cool -RRB- but the ram leaks meat around it .
 Unfortunately these did not work for me . For whatever reason I never had any blooms this year . I 'm hoping they will come eventually ...
 I 've got a pretty good green thumb . I 've grown lima bean plants , I 've grown a one time only tomato plant , I had a Rotodendrum for 5 years until it died after a much needed pruning . I 've transplanted mint and Hastas and they 've grown magnificently , and grew Dusty Miller . I 've grown my Tulips from bulbs and one out of my two rose bushes actually produced . I 've even bought a Lilac bush from Amazon whose seller lied when they said it was insect resistant . It 's leaves are being eaten and it refuses to bloom though lots of other leaves are growing . I even grew wheat from seed in nothing more than regular soil in a cottage cheese container , so I 'm hardly new at growing things . But these seeds ? They refuse to grow . Some might say get plant food . But wild flowers do n't use it , so I decided not to and my other plants do n't grow in special plant food mix soil . You get a lot of seeds for nothing . I should 've realized that it did n't have a 100 % grow rate thus it 's a crap shoot . If they decide to pop up next year among my transplated plants I 'll be amazed . Three bucks wasted .
 I had to return this , because it arrived broken into pieces . I had better luck on shipping with C & S PRODUCTS CO. , INC. , C&S WOODPECKER SNAK , Part No. 820715 -LRB- Catalog Category
 I was disappointed in the appearance of the 2 string of pearls I purchased . They were not fully developed , we 're overwatered , soggy , and damaged . I will be returning them for a refund .
 Plant has never thrived and I think it is close to dying at this point . Very small even within the very small pot .
 Plant was well packaged but was nowhere close to what the picture diplayed online . Definitely not worth what I payed for it . Its a hanging pot that did not even have an attached saucer to catch the water . Live & learnAmira
 Sorry to say that I was quite disappointed with my purchase of the String of Pearls 6 '' Hanging Basket from Hirt Gardens . The plant was not as full as pictured and several `` strings '' fell off during unpacking and once hung . Giving it TLC and hoping for the best ; the price was a bit high for what I received , I would have been quite happy had it arrived as pictured .
 I received what looked like a beautiful String of Pearls plant promptly.About a week after I had given it as a birthday gift , I was told it had bugs and was in a state of decay.After looking at it , I discovered there was absolutely no root system left and it was full of white flies and black gnats.I informed Green Box and was promply sent a replacement plant . Upon opening this plant I saw it was full of the same white flies and was in a state of mushy decay.Green Box did not offer any explanation or offer to inspect a plant before shipment and issued a refund .
 The plant arrived perfect and healthy . It filled the pot full of green I could not see or feel the soil . The pot looks like it has a bottom lip that drains . I watered the plant expecting it to drain . It does not . Now my plant is dead . I am very disappointed .
 why do my string of pearl plants never live long . i have purchased several - and they do n't live . what am I doing wrong ? i love the plantsthey seem healthy , but are doomed with my `` care '' . please check with HIRTS thank you
 I ordered the 4 '' basket of string of pearls in Sept 2008 . It came in great looking condition . It was wet and looked as if it had been just potted . I hung it up and watched as it seems to be dieing . I do not know if I have done something wrong or not . I have tried to replant some of the pieces that fell off but they do n't seem to re-root . Also , some of the round pearls fell off and my little Yorkie puppy ate them and was sick with diarrahea and threw up very sick . I gave her some Kayopectate and she is ok now . I do n't think this is a good plant if you have small pets.I have only three strands left now and I think it will all die soon . The fronds seem to start drying up where they touch the sides of the pot.Sincerely
 I ordered 3 plants and when they arrived 1 was completely dead and the other 2 looked good but all were extremely wet . Hirt 's emailed me back and replaced the one plant . I thought that was okay but a week later and the other 2 soggy plants were dead . I received a replacement for the dead plant and it looks okay still but I would NOT buy from them again . I emailed to tell them about the other 2 string of pearls plants 2 times and they never even answered . Very disappointing ! Oh , I did repot the plants in hopes of saving them . ope ... just soggy moldy plants ! Ugh !
 I was dissapointed with this product ! When the plant arrived the best thing about it was the packaging . It looks nothing like the photo , it had only a few strings on it . The soil was mouldy and the plant was infested with fungus gnats.The plant was a Christmas present , it is already dying from the base out . I will NOT be buying from this seller again !!
 Unless it is user error , I really do n't feel that this product does anything . I tried it several times and did not see a difference in the weed control . I really feel that pulling the weeds out by the root or using a spray when they get out of control is the BEST way to go .
 This item is very detailed and beautiful . It was exactly what I was looking for to put in my pet memorial garden . However , when received the finish was chipped off in several places . I did a return and requested another be sent . When I received the second it was worse than the first . It was at the base and probably would not have been noticed once I put it on the ground , but I was concerned it would get worse outside in the weather and eventually all the finish would come off . I was very disappointed .
 I ordered this for a friends birthday - when it arrived , it was broken . I reordered it , and the 2nd one arrived even MORE broken !!! I think the manufacture is to blame due to the poor packaging . The statue is cute , but not very sturdy . I will look for another one that is a bit more solid .
 Looking at the picture of this item , I envisioned a heavy duty feeder like the ones my grandparents used to have ; and the price was great ... The reality is quite different , but , as I see in the product description , it does say `` copper & acrylic . '' The point is , this product is primarily made of plastics . Yes , it does have a copper top , and a strip of copper around the bottom , but the rest is fairly light plastic . This is not necessarily a bad thing , but it 's not what I was picturing . I will certainly use this feeder , and I expect it will last awhile , but before I buy any other products online , I 'm going to read all the fine print .
 The bird feeder arrived without delay , but it was missing the copper top . That is a bit ironic , since that is billed as the main feature
 A piece of plastic junk . Copper ? Not much . Dome and tray are plastic . Not enough copper to be referred to as copper . Tray wo n't stay attached to bottom thus dropping all the seed on the ground . Poor plastics clips to hold bottom tray . They wo n't hold it . The COPPER -LRB- Plastic -RRB- dome is warped looking like a cheap piece of plastic . Where can I send it back ? Looks like the garbage can to me . DO N'T BUY THIS ONE !!!!!!!!!
 This feeder was NOT as represented . First it is NOT copper , it is plastic . I think Amazon should mention this in a birder feeder that costs this much . In the contents list in the box it lists a mounting pole is enclosed . It was not included , and not in the subsequent replacement feeder either . The plastic pieces that govern seed size that are on each port all broke after the first refill . So , I 'm pretty much stuck with using large sunflower seeds for it . Also , I must have pretty smart squirrels where I live , as they have no trouble getting into this feeder via the squirrel guard . I would not recommend this for anyone . I wish I had sent the replacement feeder back .
 For one thing , this feeder is way too large -LRB- see product dimensions -RRB- so unless you have acres and acres of free space in your yard , it 's not a good fit . And yes , those little bugger squirrels figured this one out within 2 days . Very dissapointed , as it was supposed to be a gift for my mother . She 's still searching for the perfect , affordable , squirrel proof bird feeder .
 Well I bought this item for our house , and it looked great in the beginning , I expected the seed to get damp , so I kept it half full to not waste to much seed . The disappointing thing is how fast if fell apart . The bottom fell off -LRB- glued it -RRB- , then all of the little seed covers popped out or were chewed off . Looked good just did n't last 6 months .
 I expected this feeder to be made of heavy copper . Instead it is made of plastic that is copper colored . It is flimsy and the squirels broke the bottom off of it right away . Not squirel proof ! I have put the bottom back on and I am still using it until it totally falls apart .
 The tube failed 3 days after the warranty . When you pour food into it , the food just runs out onto the ground . Expensive yet cheap .
 I ordered this for my mother as a gift for her birthday . Wanted something that held a good amount of seed since she is 95 and continually having to go out to fill a feeder in the winter is not easy . When I saw this item and read the information it said made of acrylic and copper . I thought since it showed the feed ports in copper that meant metal copper and not plastic . The small red squirrels and chipmunks -LRB- she has many -RRB- will have a field day with this . I give the `` plastic '' a very short life as they will definately chew their way through . Wish I had paid better attention !!!
 I do n't recommend buying this if there is even a slight chance a squirrel can get to it . The ports are plastic and I think they like the taste of them . I have had to replace the ports , through the maker , 3 times now . Plus the squirrels have learned to pull them out and let the seed fall to the ground . If the maker could desing the ports out of metal , this would be a great feeder .
 Bird feeder was delivered as advertised . Bird feeder was itself was not damaged , but there was a hole in the bottom of shipping carton . The the mounting pole was not in the box ; it was probably lost through the hole . I intended to hang the the feeder , so the loss of the pole was inconsequental for me . I am pleased with the purchase .
 Every morning I come out and chase the squirrels off this feeder . Later on the doves come and sit on the tray and eat the seeds . Sparrows also like it but no bird that I have seen has used the little slots to grab on to feed . Most of the birds that come to my yard prefer the single tube feeders . The squirrel guard should be floppy and this feeder has a stable guard.Opus 71032 Topflight Copper Triple Tube Bird Feeder
 I have had this about a year , the feeding ports that switch from thistle feed to sunflower seed have been completely chewed up by either the birds or the squirrels . So now when I try to fill the feeder the seed simply pours out all over the ground . This was a gift , I do not have any warranty information and can not find any info on the company for any replacement parts . It 's a shame because I hate to just throw it out , before they ate through the ports it worked great , all my birds loved it . The squirrels can get into it so you do need other baffels for them.I do agree that it should not be advertised as `` copper '' . It is copper colored plastic . This was not an issue for me , but I can see how it would be for others if they did not read carefully.Anyone have any contact information on the company so I can try to get replacement parts ?
 This feeder is very , very difficult to take apart for cleaning . The tabs on the feed tubes are difficult to line up for insertion and can be easily broken which will make the tube fall . Also , the bottom feed tray does not snap securely into place and falls out.I would not recommend this product because it is not easy to maintain and is too costly for what you get .
 I purchased one of these feeders in late August , 2009 and in less than 3 weeks , one of the cheap plastic flip gates -LRB- that control seed delivery at each of the ports -RRB- had either broken off or a bird or squirrel had eaten it , and I can now only fill that tube half way -LRB- it was an upper port -RRB- , because the seeds spill out of the open port . I wrote the company at the address listed in their warranty information and the letter was returned by the Post Office as undeliverable . Either the address is phony or the company has gone out of business or moved without leaving any forwarding address . I am now stuck with a feeder that is operational on 21/2 tubes , for which I paid nearly $ 60 . My advice - find another feeder to buy ! Looks good , but if it breaks you are stuck !
 I have decided to return this feeder . The cons are more pronounced than the pros , for me.Pros : * Seems durable enough . * Tubes hold two times the quantity of typical feeders.Cons : * The feeder atracted undesirable larger birds such as crows and grackles -LRB- at first this was not the case but they made themselves known yesterday -RRB- * The mourning doves , while not necessarily undesirable , were taking a powder by sitting leisurely in the tray ! * There is no barrier between the tray and the tubes , so when I went to clean the tray , all of the seed still in the tubes came with it ! That was quite the sweeping session . Think about this
 I expected clear plastic tubes with real copper trim , a huge disappointment
 Bottom of feeder would not affix to the feeder . They sent me another one . It did n't work eitherVery bad engineering . Would not buy this product again . Wish I had n't bought it in thefirst place .
 This product arrived broken . I returned it to Amazon and another was sent . The second one was missing a part -LRB- one of the perches for the feeding hole -RRB- so I used one from the first feeder before returning it . Even worse is that Amazon wo n't acknowledge that I returned the feeder and , despite contacting them with UPS proof of delivery , Amazon charged my credit card for the damaged birdfeeder that I returned.I wrote a review already but Amazon did n't post it . Let 's see if they post this one .
 I got this feeder because of its capacity . I did not think it was squirrel proof when I bought it , but the squirrels trashed it . They pulled out the plastic pieces that can be set for different size seed , and pulled off one of the copper `` protectors '' . Now when I fill it the seed , when the feeder is shaken , pours out of the openings . This feeder does not seem to last if there are squirrels . Other feeders we have are not squirrel proof , but have not been trashed ... - David
 This item felt flimsy . Essentially all plastic . It is copper colored plastic . The Squirrels were the only things eating from it .
 I , too , was expecting a copper bird feeder . Should have read the reviews a bit better but I skipped right over the one that showed disappointment for the entire construction being plastic . The other thing that bothered me was the loose construction of how the top screwed onto the base . There is nothing to prevent rain water from seeping in the tubes . Which would be fine for covered feeding -LRB- like under a porch or an awning -RRB- but not good for exposed feeding in a rainy climate . Damp birds need to eat , too .
 This birdfeeder was advertised as a copper and it is copper colored plastic ! The size was not given and it is larger than I would have wanted . Needless to say , I will not trust Amazon for anymore purchases unless I have actually seen the product somewhere else .
 The bird feeder was damaged during shipping . The top frame holding the tubes wss cracked and several pieces broke off and were in the bottom of the box . The box did not show any signs of abuse . Makes you wonder how this feeder will hold up to a squirrel attack .
 One of the advertised features of this feeder is that it does hold a large amount of seed . Unfortunately , if you have squirrels you 'll find yourself refilling all three tubes at least every other day . The feeder has plastic coverings for the ports that swivel up and down to allow you to serve either a regular seed mix or nyger seed . The squirrels clawed off the coverings and I had to constantly re-attach them . -LRB- You ca n't fill the tubes without these covers because the seed will just poor out . -RRB- Three of the covers are now missing . I put this feeder up the first week in December and it went to the landfill Easter weekend . Now since this is an equal opportunity review I will tell you that the squirrels give the feeder high marks . They like the large dome that keeps them dry in the rain , and they especially like the tray that lets them sit while the dine . If you want a feeder that squirrels wo n't even look at try the Droll Yankee Whipper .
 Pretty and sleek disign.Probably is normal that it took several weeks for birds to get acclaimated to use it.Squirrels have no problem climbing the pole to the seed . I bought it for the supossed anti squirrel properities.Cardinals and other big birds do not visit . It mostly attracts ordinar
 I purchased this feeder at the end of December . I knew it would n't be copper , but it is still attractive . I wanted a 3-tube feeder to hold a large quantity of seed since I have squirrels and pigeons feeeding , much to my dismay.Well , here it is 3 months later and the feeder is gone . It apparently unscrewed itself and crashed to the ground breaking it beyond repair . Even before its demise the feeder ports kept closing to the thistle seed position which halted feeding of the sunflower seed . I had intended to glue them in position when the weather turned warmer ; however , that is no longer necessary . In short , do n't waste your money .
 I was looking for a bird feeder that my bulimic squirrels do not empty in 2 seconds . I saw a beutifull 3 tubes feeder made of couper . This is mine !! I thought and I ask for it inmediately . First disappointment
 Too bad this was n't actually made out of copper ... squirrels chewed a fist sized hole in the top -LRB- see photo posted -RRB- . I 'm going to try to salvage it somehow.Also , seeds get stuck in the part on the bottom between the base and tubes , causing them to sprout . I had a heck of a time cleaning that out - and it 's not even all out .
 The feeder is advertised as made of copper - not only at Amazon but in many other sites that sell it . Many people , including me , have been led to believe they were buying a copper feeder when it is made of copper colored plastic . I could not return it because the shipping to return it would have cost me almost as much as I paid for the feeder . Do n't buy it for the copper content , buy it for other reasons if you must .
 The size of this feeder was good . However it was described as copper and it is not . The picture made it look like it had a copper top and bands , but the top was plastic and so was the base . Not very sturdy . I returned it . -LRB- It was also damaged in shipping -RRB- Had it been made with copper it would have been a great feeder .
 I 've purchase 4 of these units over the years and have been satisfied for the most part except for durability . They hold a lot of seed and it 's nice to limit filling to once or twice a week . 2 of the units were destroyed by bears , but I did n't presume that anyone but myself -LRB- and maybe God -RRB- was responsible for that damage . I did however attempt to have warranty service performed on my latest purchase from May 09 . It had been thoroughly damaged by squirrels . I sent a letter to the address listed and it was returned with the notation Not Deliverable as Addressed , Unable to Forward . I resent it thinking maybe the postal employee made a mistake but it was also returned . The address -LRB- s -RRB- listed on my paperwork was Opus , 24 William Way , Bellingham , Mass 02019 . I used the also listed PO Box 525 address the second time . Both were returned . I 've looked online for an updated address without luck . My advise to you is to purchase a brand other than Opus Top Flight if you expect any need for warranty service , IE . have squirrels or other wildlife . The advertised Lifetime Warranty is n't much of a plus if you ca n't contact the company .
 Copper , more like plastic and a lot of it . That copper color you see in the picture , it 's plastic and the only copper they have on the item is purely decorative . Do n't waste your time or money .
 If squirrels had n't completely chewed up this feeder , I 'd return it and demand my money back . The only thing that could make this feeder squirrel proof is if someone sat underneath it with a pellet gun .
 The company shipped a very damaged box -LRB- holes , tears , smashed and one roll of clear tape holding it together -RRB- with the product inside broken in 3 pieces . I 've never had to contact Amazon over anything before . They stated this came from a different party . I explained that on the website it stated that it was sold by Amazon -LRB- no 2nd party -RRB- . The company is refunding my money which I 'm still waiting for . As for the product , it probably would 've been very nice . It is quite large for a bird feeder and the copper looked pretty . Too bad . The UPS driver even said he was ashamed that he had to deliver it . : -LRB-
 I was very disappointed in the feeder when it arrived . The box was torn and taped in several places also the feeder itself had several parts broken off . I notified the company and they asked me to return it with a comment as to why . I did so and requested a refund . In approximately 1-1/2 weeks I received an email my account was to be credited for the full amount . Very soon after the email I was able to confirm that the funds had been credited to my account .
 Only copper in this feeder is in the tube . Ad has you thinking top and bottom is copper but it is not . it is plastic . might as well buy the plastic feeder to start with , it 's cheeper.Last three orders I have done with Amazon have been broke or would not work . Getting tired of throwing things in the trash . Hate to say it but I am about done with Amazon . They are not the company they were a few years ago .
 It looks nice and basically works okay , but I think the holes are too small . The birds have trouble getting the seeds out and it discourages them . They will eat here only when other avenues are exhausted
 Seeds just pour through . I filled it last night at dusk and today it is empty . It is mounted on a pole with a squirrel baffle . Squirrels ca n't reach it . A bird pulls out a seed and they just keep on pouring . I had an older OPUS brand for several years so I thought it would be good . For sale , Cheap.Amazon usually has quality products .
 Bird feeder is very attractive and my birds love it . Only problem is that after a little more than a month the bottom tray does not want to stay attached . Is already dropping down on one side and even though I tried to push it back up in place it will not stay . It is mounted on a pole out away from trees , etc. so that only birds can get to it .
 This product is almost a good one . The squirrels have learned that they are able to grab the lower ledge of the feeder as they fall past it from the top . They then proceed to chew the plastic seed doors off which then causes an avalanche of seeds as the entire feeder empties onto the ground . After a week this feeder is no longer usable as it no longer holds seed . A few improvements are needed
 I was expecting this to be a copper bird feeder - I was hoping to match my copper bird bath . Note that this is copper-colored plastic - * not * copper . If you do n't mind the plastic , it seems like a nice bird feeder , but I chose to send it back .
 There us very little copper on this `` copper bird feeder '' . Do n't kid yourself by thinking that the roof is made of copper , it is made of plastic . The only copper portions are the accents near the perches.This is definitely NOT squirrel-proof . The squirrels were able to easily jump up and sit on the bottom of the feeder , and even chewed through the feed holes next to the perches . Once they did that , the feeder is useless as the feed just pours out of the side of the feeder.If I could give it zero stars , I would . This definitely not worth the money . Keep looking for another feeder .
 * I would not recommend this bird feeder . The tubes that hold the food are fragile and the clips that hold the bottom tray to the feeding tubes are weak . I broke one of them the first time I removed the tray to clean the feed tubes .
 Imagine my surprise when I opened the box to find a PLASTIC contraption rather than the elegant copper one the description and photo lead me to believe . This is an unattractive , overly large feeder with a big brownish plastic dome on top . Yuk .
 Sure looked like a good bird feeder for the price . Too bad I will never know more than that . First feeder I ordered and received was missing parts . Replacement feeder received was in pieces -LRB- broken -RRB- . Reurned that one and now I understand Amazon is returning all remaining inventory to the manufacturer for replacement . Unsure if these problems occurred from manufacturer or after shipment from Amazon , but there was no indication of damage to any of the shipping boxes . You may want to wait a few weeks to order this item and pray the problem has been resolved .
 After just four months in our bird feeding station , this feeder has been destroyed by squirrels . I really do n't mind that they quickly figured out how to access the seed ports . What I do mind is that they chewed through the plastic parts in the ports so that all the seed just pours out onto the ground . Very disappointed and would definitely not buy this one again .
 If I had read all the negative reviews of this feeder , I never would have purchased it . Be warned ! Do Not Waste Your Money ! I expected a sturdy feeder with copper ports , tray , and cover that would withstand the squirrels in our neighborhood . What a disappointment to discover that the only copper is the bands around the tubes . All the other `` copper '' is copper-colored plastic . I should have returned it , but needed a new feeder so I did n't . It 's been up about a month , and the squirrels have already chewed off three of the plastic parts that shield the openings . As a result , the seed just pours out . Now my expensive `` copper '' feeder is patched with duct tape . What a rip-off !
 Very disappointing as well as misleading . The top baffle , as well as the bottom catch tray are made out of plastic , not copper . This was not at all clear from either the description or the photo .
 This product arrived with the eye-screw -LRB- which is required to hang the feeder , see photo -RRB- unassembled . There is no way to assemble it , apart from taking entire feeder apart and using a long-handled socket wrench to affix it to the top . I infer from the directions -LRB- which say nothing about having to make this assembly -RRB- as well as the photo that the eye-screw should have been pre-attached at the factory . It took me hours to attach -- normally I would just have returned the product , but I happened to have the tools and did n't want to wait . Also , the feeding tubes are fairly small in diameter , so it does n't hold as much feed as I expected . And , although the copper plates around the mid-section are nice , the rest of the copper-colored parts , as well as the tubes , are cheap plastic , easily cracked . I will keep looking for a replacement for my previous triple tube feeder -LRB- which did n't have these defects , and which I thought maybe this would be -RRB- .
 With no description , this is a joke right ? $ $ $ looks just like others and half the cost . So without other information , you appear to have priced yourself out of the market
 I 'm very disappointed in this product . Its beautiful to look at but is extremely slow to react . On a day where the real temp varies from 40 to 70 this thing will never move lower than 50 or higher than 60 and will always be at least 10 degrees behind the real temperature movement , sometimes 15 or 20 depending on the day . The actual mechanism is trapped behind the very heavy terra cotta facia and never really sees the true temperature of the day . Great decor , lousy thermometer . I 'm going back to my ugly but accurate mercury thermometer .
 Fortress is the correct word for this feeder . Even the birds ca n't use it . I had tons of birds using my previous feeder which had perch bars . After a couple of days trying to figure out how to perch and eat at the same time , the birds simply gave up on this one . Birds have fat little bodies and this feeder forces their breast up against the wire cage which makes it impossible to then get their heads through the cage wires to the feeder openings . It is also not user friendly . Who wants to remove and replace screws to fill a bird feeder . I rate this feeder a 0 . And it 's expensive to boot .
 This is a great idea , but a bad reality . I 've had my feeder for two years now , and no matter whether you set it up for sunflower seeds or finch seeds , the birds just give up on it after awhile . They simply ca n't get the seed out and we 've never been able to figure out why . They will empty out feeder after feeder of any other brand , but even when I take all the others down to fill them and this one is the only one hanging , they wo n't feed out of it . It will hang , nearlly full for an entire season . Do n't know what the problem is , but the birds just ca n't get anything out of it and after awhile , they give up .
 This is a third feeder I have added because I have a big population and the feeders get depleted easily . The seed remains in the feeder untouched . The birds ca n't get it out . Water seeps in and the seed molds and sprouts . Horrible feeder .
 You wo n't find a single expert on hummingbirds who recommends `` instant nectar '' products such as this one . Why ? Because 1 -RRB- they 're a complete waste of your money and 2 -RRB- they expose the birds to ridiculously high concentrations of inadequately tested chemicals . The cheapest and easiest feeder solution also happens to be the closest in chemical composition to natural flower nectar
 As a field biologist involved in hummingbird studies in the SW , I can say that red -- or any other color -- dye is nonsense ! NOT needed , quite likely harmful . Also , I question the instant nectar -- instructions say it does n't require boiling . Is there a preservative in it that retards yeast and bacterial growth ? If so it would likely be extremely harmful to the gut of the hummers
 THIS PRODUCT DOES NOT STATE WHAT THEY USE FOR THE RED COLORING INTHEIR NECTAR . IT IS A WELL KNOWN FACT THAT RED DYE # 40 HAS PROVEDHARMFUL TO HUMMINGBIRDS CAUSING CANCER AND IS NOT NECESSARY.NATURAL NECTAR IN THE WILD IS CLEAR WITHOUT COLOR . USING A COLORFULFEEDER WILL ATTRACT THE HUMMERS AND NOT HARM THEM .
 For Hummingbirds
 I had a ton of hummingbirds last year - I got this to go with the new window feeder I bought . I had a few birds show up but none stayed . I did not read the reviews when I bought this it was a buy the feeder + buy the food , so I did . Now I will read a review before I buy even Hummingbird food .
 last year I bought this feeder at a local Ace hardware store . I thought it was just the cutest thing . But after only a week I found myself very disapointed . First the hangers attached to the glass feeders came loose as they are only glued , and in very hot , humid conditions the glue softens . It is also very impractical if you live in breezy areas . Hummers did not like this feeder at all . They could not find the small opening at the bottom of the feeder and the mobile effect made it nearly imopossible to eat from it ! Nice looking , but it is n't a good feeder .
 We got our feeder as a gift and initially were thrilled . It 's a lovely garden ornament , but the glass globes drip nectar all over the place . Look out if it 's windy ! The bees and ants love it . The hummingbirds love it too , but you 'll have to watch your nectar draining away on the ground . Save your money on this one .
 We are having bad luck with the hummingbird feeder . It leaks the liquid sugar solution all over the patio . Hummingbirds like it , but not as much as the ANTS !! I will try to get a refund or exchange it ... maybe ours is just a reject !
 This product is beautiful `` ART '' addition to the back yard . The hummingbirds seem to like it , but it leaks like a sieve and has to be constantly filled ! I really want to feed the hummers , not the ants . The plastic parts are also weak and break easily . Refine the good idea and you might have a winner !
 Bought two units . Each of the units have 3 globes . Three of the six globes would not seal tight and leaked quite quickly . The other 3 simply leaked , albeit slower . Hummingbirds ignored it because of the small feeder holes . The mounting system is flimsy and needed pliers to adjust -LRB- easy for me , perhaps not for some people , especially elderly or those with poor eyes -RRB- . Far better products available ... perhaps not as visually interesting . However , if all it does is leak all over your patio or deck and the birds ignore it , then what good is it ?
 I believe this should be called a Yellow-jacket feeder . I have only seen the hummingbirds resting on the brackets never have I seen them feed . But I am providing wonderful treats for the Yellow-jackets !
 I recently purchased this feeder because of the great deal Amazon had on it . When I received it , I filled the containers and hung it . To my horror , all three contained constantly leaked the sugary liguid all over my porch attacting large numbers of ants . The containers would not seal properly . I would not recommend this item to anyone . Instead , I purchased several Hummzinger feeders , a much better design , and am completely satisfied with these .
 I bought this because it was so pretty , and I found it to be quite durable . However , the hummingbirds would n't eat out of it ! I tried everything . First I hung it up but the hummers ignored it . So I hung a standard feeder it its place and when I had a lot of hummers coming to it , I put this one back up instead . The hummers went away . I even taped yellow cut-out flowers around the feeding ports , thinking they might find them better that way . Nope . Sadly , I finally just threw it away . I did n't want to -- it cost a lot and is indeed so pretty -- but useless .
 I love the look of feeder and unlike some other reviews , I did not find the feeder delicate . I love that I can just put the pieces in the dishwasher . But the biggest problem is that it continually leaks so I would never buy this type of feeder again .
 it leaks like crazy ! I 've had this feeder for 3 yers now and a month after I had it hung , I noticed that the patio ground underneath was always sticky . Upon investigation I noticed that liquid was leaking out of all the ports from all the glass jars . I ordered this item from another place , but thought to share my experience here . After 3 years , I 'm ready to switch to another feeder and throw this away ! I would n't really recommend this as a hummingbird feeder , maybe as a decoration but not a functional feeder .
 I would highly suggest you DO N'T buy this feeder if you want to attract AND FEED hummers . It is just too delicate , can not withstand any wind , cheap hooks and hummers have a difficult feeding from it because the holes are hard for them to find . I have scads of hummers in my yard in the summer and they do n't like this feeder -LRB- they will go to my other feeder and avoid this one -RRB- . They like my strawberry feeders best and my larger red feeder with yellow flowers on it because they can see where the flowers are and they like to sit down . So two thumbs down on this feeder .
 This is a terrible feeder that does not take into account the actual feeding habits of hummingbirds . Hummingbirds are highly inefficient fliers , and they prefer to rest frequently while feeding . This feeder offers no place for the birds to rest , and in the slightest breeze , the constant movement of the hanging globes makes it even more difficult for the birds to feed . Although it looks nice , the feeder is terrible for hummingbirds . Opus makes a different feeder that presents the birds with a ring on which to rest while feeding . That feeder should be purchased without hesitation over this `` mobile-type '' feeder . Please remember -- do not add red dye to your hummingbird food ! These wonderful little birds can be highly sensitive to such dyes , and you could inadvertently hurt the very creatures you are trying to attract . The red plastic is enough to attract them . Also remember to change the food every few days , especially in the heat , as the sugar will ferment .
 Although this is a very pretty feeder and does attract hummingbirds it is very messy - leaks nectar almost constantly -LRB- and I have hanging in front of my kitchen window over the porch - so makes a big mess on the porch -RRB- The guidelines say to hang in a protected area but needs to be where the nectar will not make such a mess .
 This feeded does not work well at all . As soon as the sun hits it the liquid drips out . By the end of the day the balls are empty and the ants below are feasting . I tried it one time and it has been in my garage ever since . Oh , well !
 Although this feeder looks great , our hummingbirds did n't like it much , and refused to feed from it . To add insult to injury , two of the globes leaked .
 it is fragile . but more importantly the birds arent attracted to it . it drips if the wind blows it too much so it attracts tons of ants . i returned this and got a simpler model which works really well . it is very pretty but i wouldnt recommend this model .
 This product is lovely to look at but as soon as the wind blows all the liquid spills over the edges . Good for attracting bees , hornets and yellow jackets but nothing more .
 This birdfeeder was not built with quality materials . The feeder is all plastic and the squirrels & birds destroyed the feeder within 3 months . I had to tape most of the holes to keep the feed in because the plastic caps broke off then the bottom of the feeder cracked and fell off . I would not recommend buying this feeder .
 Do n't be fooled this is all soft plastic except for the feeder hole plates . I received this feeder already missing one of the prongs that attached the tubes to the bottom tray . -LRB- appeared to be broken off and returned , then resent to me as a new product ! -RRB- Squirrels and chipmunks chewed threw the dome plastic , and the bottom tray finally just fell off .
 If you do n't have any squirrels at your feeder then this is probably a good buy . The poles are a bit loose when you push them together , not real snug . The plastic feeding tube covers get stuck , those the squirrels have not eaten them off that is . I seen a squirrel sitting on the top cover that is supposed to keep them off the feeder . They easily climb up the metal poles that are included .
 At first glance , this is a nice big feeder with the ability to put 3 different types of seeds in it to feed different types of birds . The birds loved it ! But , within 1 week of owning it , the lawnmower knicked it and the pole buckled and the entire thing fell to the ground . I was able to straighten the pole and put it back up -LRB- at a crooked angle -RRB- . Our lawn man knicked it again and this time , when it fell , it broke into many pieces . I had to throw it all away . The lawn guy did n't hit it hard either time . The pole is made very cheaply and will not withstand any time of damage . The feeder itself is cheap plastic and will crack if dropped.For the amount of money this costs , you would think you would receive a better made product . I was very disappointed .
 Maybe we have smarter than average squirrels . The problem is that the shiny silver dome is made of plastic -LRB- not metal -RRB- . So our squirrels just chewed right through it in the first week and got to the bird seed from the top .
 I bought this feeder because it fed numerous birds at one . That was until the lovely squirrels found it . They chewed off the flip port feed stations and now I ca n't use the feeder at all
 I did not received the 24oz can of the red hummingbird food that was shown on the web site . I instead received 6 packages of hummingbird food for the same price . I have used the food but I do not like it and my hummingbirds do not like it either . I have very picky birds .
 I used to feed the hummingbirds with a water-sugar solution and they liked very much , so i had lots of birds at my window . But i was worried because this solution does n't have all the nutrients and vitamins they need , and also because of the fermentation of the sugar . At Amazon site I read that this mix powder have all the nutrients and vitamins and that it could stay 2 weeks at the feeder without fermentation . But when i received the product these information were n't there , there were no vitamins ! The birds hate it and desapeared ! I used it just once and will not use anymore .
 FALSE ADVERTISING
 It is a great idea , and I like the swivel feature , but the length of the arm means that the clamp pulls up on the wooden deck rail it is attached to . I can only fill the feeder with a small amount of seed , and I have to keep the swivel set so that the feeder is in line with the deck rail , defeating the purpose of being able to swing it out away from the deck floor . It might work better on a flat metal rail .
 I thought I was buying the one pictured but I got another one , a # 38015 Deck Clamp hook by Hiatt Mfg. -LRB- My receipt confirms that I paid for this one featured at Amazon -- but what was sent to me is not this one -RRB- . The hook is curled in the opposite direction.The one I got does not swivel.A quick search found the one that I was sent selling for $ 13 at other online vendors.Things they also do n't tell you , but would be good to know
 I have a Stokes bird feeder pole from three years ago that I love . I thought this was the same product , but it is not . This is very loose in the holder . I had to add some shims to keep this sturdy and upright . I do n't know that I would order this product again .
 Note - this paragraph is an edit to my original review -LRB- below -RRB- made a few months later . I have finally thrown these units in the trash . The seed holes kept clogging due to rainwater accumulation . I kept making both the drain and seed holes larger but just could n't overcome the inherent bad design . I am as defeated by these things a badly as the squirrels were NOT . -LRB- Original review follows -RRB- I purchased two of these because they were small enough to fit small sheperd hooks and I had hoped they would keep large birds and squirrels away from the feed . What I found I had was two damage resistant squirrel feeders . I often wonder if the designers of bird feeders are embarrassed when it is proven that they are dumber than squirrels . The grey beasts took about 30 seconds to defeat the top-of-feeder catches and help themselves to all they want . Why do n't designers ever use a thumb screw to hold the tops on ? I 've never seen a squirrel defeat a thumb screw -LRB- not yet anyhow -RRB- . Meanwhile the bird feeding seed holes clogged and prevented any seed from flowing into the tray , thus the only seed the birds obtained was what the squirrels dropped . After attaching springs to the top to hold it down , increasing the size of the drainage holes in the bottom -LRB- they also tend to retain water -RRB- and using drill and knife to enlarge the seed holes , I 've gotten these working somewhat as I had intended them . I have had to add squirrel cones to my sheperd hooks to help keep the critters off these feeders . Unless you , like me , happen to particularly need a small feeder that excludes large birds and are willing to modify the basic product until it operates properly , I would give these a pass .
 i do n't have a problem with squirrels trying to get in -- i have a problem with birds trying to get in ! they do n't have enough support or room to eat from this feeder . i put up my old ... plastic ugly job and the seed was gone in 2 days . i put this one up and i did n't see a bird for 4 months -- except for the few poor woodpeckers who banged their head on the glass middle and then flew away without success .
 Unless they mean solely that squirrels can not CHEW through the cage , they can get the seeds easily . They simply scoop them out with thier paws . Not much effort on the part of the squrriel . Hardly frustrating for them ... Very frustrating for you .
 The 1 star is only for the apperance . The feeder is pretty , but not worth 1/2 star for performance . I purchased 3 of these , 2 for gifts and 1 for myself . I hung mine up in December and it is now the end of March and I am still waiting for the birds to eat out of it . The seed holes are at the bottom and the birds would have to hang upside down to eat . Once the outside seeds are gone , the other seed is stuck in the tube . This is the worst bird feeder I have ever seen and I am sick that I gave them as gifts . One gift has been returned to me becasue the person I gave it to figured out that the birds could n't eat out it so he never bothered to fill it up . I wish I could get my money back .
 Unlike the photo , this bird feeder works best with sunflower seeds only -LRB- unless you like seeds all over your lawn -RRB- . Secondly , and most important , this item looks nice but it is not a Squirrel proof cage as advertised in it 's name . This is very misleading !!! Until I took elaborate measures , the squirrels had a field day eating the seeds . This made things very frustrating . If this item had some sort of lock down mechanism for the top cover , it may have been more effective . However , the squirrels could simply lift off the top lid and eat to their hearts content . I would have had lower expectations and higher product satisfaction if it were not listed as advertised . The instructions state that you can make this cage squirrel-proof by placing squirrel barriers above and below the feeder , BUT this would be true of any bird feeder !!! In short , false advertising ...
 Not only is it squirrel proof , but most of the bird species that frequent my six other feeders found it to be bird proof as well . I have had the feeder up for about 3 months now , and have moved it 3 times after noticing a lack of interest by the users . I have had to change the seed continuously because it sits for so long it starts to sprout ! I am very disappointed - It 's such a nice looking feeder . If the manufacturer reads this , the design could be appended by puttins perches at each of the feeder bays . After watching several smaller birds try to land on the rungs near the bays , I think they found it was easier to fly to the other feeders rather than try to find a comfortable place to peck away.The cap design is also frustrating - my cap required some modification to the copper piece so it would actually stay locked in the grooves provided . The copper edge of the cap is very sharp . I have cut a finger messing with the lid . All sheet metal cut edges should be rolled to prevent this.Its a definite lemon - attractive , but not at all functional .
 I purchased 2 of these feeders . First , the squirrels can get into them . More than once and ate all the bird seed . Second , you can not get them to hang striaght on a shepherd 's hook or any type hook . They hang lop-sided and are just a waste of money . We threw them away !
 I put small , slim , wooden dowels in the copper grids so little birds were able to perch and feed . I had purple finches , sparrows , chickadees , etc. come and visit . They even started to perch on the copper grids and feed . BUT the squirrels found it and in no time had raided it . They found the copper grids handy to hang onto while they reached in and grabbed seeds .
 Unlike the photo , this bird feeder works best with sunflower seeds only -LRB- unless you like seeds all over your lawn -RRB- . Secondly , and most important , this item looks nice but it is not a Squirrel proof cage as advertised in it 's name . This is very misleading !!! Until I took elaborate measures , the squirrels had a field day eating the seeds . This made things very frustrating . If this item had some sort of lock down mechanism for the top cover , it may have been more effective . However , the squirrels could simply lift off the top lid and eat to their hearts content . I would have had lower expectations and higher product satisfaction if it were not listed as advertised . The instructions state that you can make this cage squirrel-proof by placing squirrel barriers above and below the feeder , BUT this would be true of any bird feeder !!! In short , false advertising ...
 The hummingbirds in my yard , skip over this feeder . I have five feeders , and two of them are this one and the birds do n't touch them . The other three I have to fill twice a day , these two never empty . The ants love them , I always have ants inside these feeders . The bottom comes apart for easy cleaning , but it also leaks easily and the plastic bottle discolors quickly .
 This product did absolutely nothing ! We have a fly infestation in my house . They are all over the place . After having it run for a week -LRB- in the room where the flies are -RRB- we caught two flies ! That is it . Calling the orkin man next ...
 It gets too hot for a fly to get ever close to this junk ! ! ! ! ! ! !
 We had flies breeding in our numerous houseplants and bird cage . I bought and installed this in various places in open-plan room . Near floor , near ceiling , always visible , on 24-hours per day . Nothing . I had also bought the 10-pack of glue boards in anticipation of success . Nothing . Not one fly.I gave up and bought two &#34; tangle-foot &#34; strips . Suspended them in mid-room . 20 flies caught over 4-day period and breeding cycle broken .
 I experienced an incredible fly invasion in August . Never happened before ; I hope it never happens again.This thing works pretty well , but it was rather large for my small bathroom , gave off a creepy ` science fiction ' kind of green/blue light -LRB- 24-7 -RRB- . It looked really disgusting as the fly paper inside started collecting a lot of flies - I 'm not saying it did n't work - but pulling the paper out to dispose of was difficult . I would rather ` zap ' flies and sweep up the bodies than get all involved with very sticky paper full of nasty fly corpses that you ca n't help but touch when changing the paper insert . Yuck !!!!
 I live in an apartment building that recently had what could be described as a house fly plague of biblical proportions . Even with emptying trash and litter every day , and making sure all food sources were sealed , we were under constant attack . Based on the great reviews , I thought this would work pretty well to solve our issues . The house flies were not attracted to it at all . After having it up in the favorite fly hangout for several days , the only catches were a few fruit flies -LRB- that we did n't even know we had -RRB- . I ended up getting regular old $ 4 fly tape , and in the first day , the kill total was over 20 ; a few days later it caught well over 50 , and the problem is now basically under control.The unit is also larger than I anticipated , about the length of your forearm.As a bonus , it does make a good night light.Can ' t say I experienced the great results others have had . It may work better for flying insects that are attracted to lights , like moths . Apparently it does well with fruit flies . But in the house fly column , it scored a big zero .
 So I bought the Fly Web after reading all the positive reviews on Amazon . I had high hopes , as we have had a fly problem the past few weeks.I plugged it in -- it 's HUGE -LRB- which to me seemed like a good sign ? -RRB- -- and it caught and killed one fly within 12 hours . After that , however , it did not catch even ONE fly for a week . We had flies flying right by the thing , and they continued to live.I 'm editing my original one-star review of the Fly Web , because we kept it plugged in for a couple more weeks , and it did catch a handful of gnats , fruit flies , a mosquito , a big moth , and another fly.I wrote an email to flywebusa , because I was perplexed as to why it did n't catch many house flies . I received a dismissive letter back , suggesting I buy one of their more expensive products . -LRB- Yeah , right ! -RRB- , also suggesting `` not to hang it buy a window '' -LRB- duh ! That 's stated in the instructions that come with the fly web . -RRB- $ 30 is a bit much for something that does n't catch a lot of flies quickly , but it did attract some flies and other pests . The 99 cent fly swatter my husband bought at Home Depot has killed way more flies , but I give the Fly Web props for the effortless bug-killing .
 My first reaction to this product is that it is very expensive for a single unit . But if it works better than the others , perhaps it is worth it . I bought 2 units and plugged them into different locations in the house . After two weeks of testing , they have only caught 2 mosquitoes and 1 small unidentified bug . I have seen fruit flies cruise right past them and there is still a pesky fly buzzing around my house who seems to have no interest in the traps.In addition , the UV light is rather cheaply and flimsily inserted into it 's holder so it moves around and causes a loud buzzing noise which requires you to readjust the light from time to time . The buzzing noise is loud , you will hear it if you are in the same room . Finally , this unit is missing an on/off switch so the ony way to turn it off is to unplug it from the wall and find a place to put it which is ackward because of the sticky tape which slides out very easily and the fragility of the UV tube and the fact that it is not terribly secure in the socket.I realize a good trap is hard to come by and none of them are perfect , it could be that this unit is one of the better ones on the market but at $ 34 a pop , it just does n't strike me as good value for money . At this time , I can not recommend it.I 'm debating if I should give Flowtron a try , the only thing holding me back is that it is not designed for indoor use which is what I require .
 I had this light on continuously for 2-3 days , but it did n't catch anything . There were some fruit flies in the house , but none of them got attracted to this light.I 'll try to return this item .
 This is the most useless piece of junk I 've ever owned . Flies are not attracted to light ; they 're attracted to stuff that stinks . I have n't caught one single fly on this contraption since I plugged it in two weeks ago . However , I 've caught and killed about a hundred on the neasty , cheap , 50-cent fly paper I got from the dollar store . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY on this piece of JUNK . By the way , did I mention that this thing is a piece of junk ? LOL
 We have a lot of flies in our home due to a dog door , 3 dogs going in & out all day , door to the deck opening & closing . A real fly problem . We purchased this hoping it would at least help with the problem . We hung it up near the back door , in the family room , in the hall , office , etc. . We left it plugged in each location for several days . The final result , it did not even capture 1 fly , not a single one ! Do n't waste your money . It should get zero stars !
 I bought this fly trap after having no luck withFlowtron BK-15D Electronic Insect Killer , 1/2 Acre Coverage . I used the Flowtron outside on my porch , and when that did n't work I got this Fly Web one for inside the house.Unfortunately , just like the FlowTron , this device hopes to attract insects with UV light , that is completely uninteresting to the house flies Boise is plagued with this summer . Neither device was able to catch a single one of these flies over 24 hours . A couple of moths , and a mosquito or two , but dozens of ordinary black house flies still swarm around my porch and living room happily ignoring these devices . They may sit next to them on the wall , or even on the front or cage of the device , but have no inclination to meet their maker inside either device . My wife is much more effective with a fly swatter ... I 'm sure some people have great luck with this product , but I give it 1 star because it did absolutely nothing for a type of insect I think it is reasonable to expect to work on given the marketing material on the product
 I do n't suggest you buy this . Our house has at least 50 fruit flies swarming in the kitchen -LRB- with no exaggeration -RRB- and this has only caught 3 and probably out of pure bad luck for the fly . -LRB- It has been on the outlet for three days -RRB- . Definitely not worth the money ; do n't buy it !
 It 's been several days now and there is n't a single bug in the trap except for a few very very small gnats , house flies are buzzing all around and not at all attracted to the trap .
 Total fail.Have an issue with flies . Usually get them once a year , spray the windows and no more . This year not the same . So I bought this and a fly zapper . This took 4 days to catch one . Avoid .
 It did not get 1 fly -LRB- and there are many here to get -RRB- so I am returning it . Thank you
 I purchased this to get rid of those pesky drain flies which seem to come out of nowhere . After reading the product description , which states it attracts drain flies , I figured I 'd try it . When it came in , I followed package instructions , plugged it in the outlet near where the flies were , closed all the lights , leaving only this contraption to attract them . Checking it periodically over a couple of days , not one drain fly was caught with this trap , yet they were on the wall around it . Do n't waste your money on this if you need to get rid of drain flies !
 Had at least 6 flys in kitchen , so I plugged it in overnight to find that it did not catch any flies , just a few little knatsUpdate
 Bought this for fruit flies . Put it in the kitchen next to the fruit stand . Have not caught one , they fly around it unfazed by the light or glue . Very tall . Does not have a on / off switch for the day time , also does not have a flat bottom , so when you unplug it during the day it has to lay on its side . Makes a good night light for the kitchen during , but that is about it , have n't even caught a mosquito yet and it is close to a outside door .
 I make alot of juice , so there are always fruit flies around it . Even a couple in the winter time . So I wanted to get rid of them but couldnt . I tried places the trap by the juicer , by the actual fruit , and the trash can . I only got 1 fly .
 I bought this trap because I specifically have a problem with fruit flies , especially around my parrot cage , and was sick of paying $ 7 ea for the fruit fly lure traps -LRB- which DO work -RRB- . It says in the product description that it attracts fruit flies . It does not.I put this trap mere feet away from my bird cage where every morning I see dozens of fruit flies in a cloud flying around the cage . Yet , close inspection shows that not a SINGLE fruit fly has been attracted to and caught in this trap . It has , however , caught probably every fungus gnat in my house.I 'll give it a couple of stars because it does attract some pests however I 'm very disappointed that it does n't attract the pests for which I bought it and for which it is listed .
 No where in the product description did it say to place this product away from windows or light . I have had this plugged in for 4 hours and have n't trapped even 1 gnat ! And , we have them everywhere.We had to wait a couple of weeks for this to arrive and it 's going right back . I guess that is why it only came with 1 sticky board . You wo n't need anymore than 1 , if even that .
 All these 4 and 5 star reviews are suspect . I 've had this piece of junk plugged in for a month and it hasnt caught ONE fly . I refuse to buy strips when the one that came with it has proven to be worthless .
 I purchased this lamp having great hopes . I turned it in last night for the first time as there was some mosquito in my bedroom . But he was just careless !! He was bitting around and i was trying to sleep with that and with the fact that this lamp has so bright light it makes a day light in the room ! There is no way that you can sleep that way.It 's not worth for the money at all .
 The Fly Web Fly Trap did not work with miraculous results for me . Some flies were stuck to the paper but certainly not all of them . I was rather disappointed with the poor results after reading all the other positive reviews . Its poor performance coupled with the fact that it then cost nearly forty dollars -LRB- it has conveniently been reduced to $ 29.95 -RRB- does not warrant a stellar review .
 I bought this and set it next to the trash can , but it does n't seem to be able to lure or catch house flies -- perhaps the glue is not strong enough . It does catch fruit flies and other tiny flying things , but it 's not doing the job it advertised and is not worth the money it costs .
 So far I have n't caught any flies with this device . My main gripe is that since you should put it in a dark room to attract the flies to it , I wanted to put it in the kitchen at night . But in any room , you probably would n't want to run it all day as they recommend a darkened room . Also , you might want to conserve the bulbs for use only at optimum time -LRB- night -RRB- . So WHY IS THERE NO ON/OFF SWITCH ???!! This device is bigger than it looks in the picture and a little bulky so you really do n't want to be having to plug it and unplug it all the time . For the price , they should have included a basic off switch . They could have included more than one glue board as well .
 I have had this trap/light on the wall for about2 weeks and It has n't trapped ONE FLY!Meanwhile the flys are taunting us for being so dumbas to buy this thing.I contacted Pest Mall but have not received an answer.Their service was fine - arrived quickly and packagedwell and it lights up.Too bad as it just does not work .
 This product is a huge waste of money . I purchased it to help with an infestation of fruit flies and after 3 days it has caught maybe 20 of them . The cheaper $ 8 trap I purchased has claimed about double that . Really very unimpressed .
 had it for a week now . not a single fruit fly has come even near it . left it in the kitchen at night time . nothing happend . what works is the little apple looking plastic thingie . buy 5 of it and put it next to each other .
 This light came in with a defective bulb . Not burnt out . Not broken -LRB- at least not the glass -RRB- . The bulb plugs in with two pins . Those pins are soldered -LRB- or crimped -RRB- to the wires on the bulb . Someone obviously was asleep at the wheel when this one was made and inspected because the leads were pulled completely out of the pins which are intact inside the socket . No way to extract them and reconnect them to the wires on the bulb . Ca n't replace the bulb because the pins for the original bulb are stuck in place . So basically this thing is COMPLETELY useless . Also , the internal workings of the lamp are loose apparently . I can feel them shifting around whenever I move this thing . Totally unacceptable work.This is going straight back to Amazon for a refund . I 'm not giving this company a chance to send me another shoddy product .
 We had a TON of flys in our home and they were driving me crazy ! This product had the best reviews and so I was excited about getting it and ridding my house of flys . Well after two weeks of having it in the home it has only caught 1 fly , 4 fruit flys and a moth . This is a pretty pricey fly trap to end up not working . It also is SO BIG and awkward to find a plug for . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 Did n't work - few bugs here and there but nothing to get excited about . We were out of town the first few days it was plugged in and my mother-in-law was checking on the house for us ... her txt to us read `` bug catcher 6 , fruit flies 300 '' ... not exactly the results we 'd like to see after 48 hours . Do n't waste your money on this way terribly overpriced product . If you do buy it , do n't buy the refill cartridges and light like we did - you may never need them !
 I 've been having a terrible housefly problem and decided to take a chance on this product because it seemed like a cleaner alternative to ordinary fly paper . Should have paid more attention to the negative reviews . Per advice of other reviewers , I put it in a dark place where the problem is worst , but after several days it has n't caught a single fly . Will try it in another location and update this review if it works better there . I 'm not optimistic , though . Now exploring return options .
 only works on gnats . regular house flies do n't even go near it . sometimes even those tiny gnats fight their way off the glue pad too .
 Totally not satisfied for the cost ! I caught more fruit flies by filling a glass of soap water with a dash of wine in one night than I did with this expensive light device in a MONTH ! And I 'm not exaggerating , I 'm disappointed to have to say . Good luck . Save your $ 25 and just use a drop of an attractant and a few drops of dish detergent .
 Was very disappointed . It sounded so good , but after a couple of weeks , all the moths and flies have completely ignored it . The moths are happily having a party less than a metre away from the trap ... its like they are taunting me ! I have resorted to hoovering them up every day !
 In theory , this should work amazingly . I live in a house that sits directly on the water , with eleven sliding glass doors that let bugs in constantly . In fact , I annoyingly have two flies dancing around my head as I write this.At night , if we leave a light on , we usually get about ten bugs all competing to get close to it . However , we plugged this blue light in and the bugs do n't really seem to care about it.We leave it on all day and especially all night . We are careful to turn off every other light so that the bugs only flock to this light , but it 's only caught a few mosquitos . Laughable really , considering the amount of flies and bugs that get inside and annoy us all day.All in all , it 's been up for two weeks and I 'm still swatting at these annoying flies with my electric tennis racket that I picked up at Ocean State Job Lot for five bucks .
 By chrystanthemum juice I mean pyrethrum products such asCB-80 Extra Contact Aerosol 17 oz . DDT is not very toxic to humans , but this stuff is much less toxic , in fact less toxic than caffeine or aspirin , more potent as an insecticide , acts faster , and unlike DDT does not threaten the environment . It is a highly biodegradable natural flower extract which does not accumulate in tissues or the environment and causes no harm to mammals or birds . To me it smells like an old floral cachet , but flies seem to hate the smell , and they not only die very quickly , without spasming and buzzing on the floor , they run for the exits and stay away in droves . As an inside spray , the stuff is magic . The Fly Web Fly Trap will catch a few flies , but if you have a big enough problem to buy it in the first place it 's probably too big to help you much .
 Put the sticky card in it , and plugged it in next to the trash can in my kitchen , where I get lots of those anoying little `` nats '' . After 3 weeks , I inspected it , only 2 dead nats!My Sunbeam portable indoor bug zapper on the other hand , works great!I have to empty the tray of dead bugs weekly.Unfortunatly , Sunbeam no longer makes this model : -LRB- Believe me when I tell you , the bug zappers that attract with the fluorescent light , then zap them , is the only way to go.These `` sticky '' things simply do not work.Find a small zapper and stick it where you have the most bugs , like near water and garbage , turn out all other lights , and when you wake up in the morning , you will have a tray of crispy fried bugs : -RRB-
 Bought based on good reviews - have lots of flies in the house and do n't want to use poison or spend hours swatting and cleaning up guts . The cheap hanging fly strips work better . Do n't waste your money unless you are trying to attract moths in your closet and away from your clothes .
 The fly in my house may be smarter . They circle around and then fly away . It 's really waste of my money .
 Purchased this fly to get rid of fruit flies inside the house - it has been consistently on for 1 week and has NOT caught 1 fly - I had it at first in the kitchen where there are no windows , and it should work with no other light directly affecting it and I have since moved it to the hallway - nothing !!!! I have set up a DIY trap with vinegar and dishwashing soap and this has caught 6 flies in 2 days - HOW COULD THIS BE ? WASTE OF MONEY - DO N'T BUY !!!!
 Definitely not worth $ 30 . Maybe $ 5 at the most . What you get is a piece of plastic with a UV bulb and a strip of adhesive paper next to it.I lightly touched the bulb while picking up the product , and the bulb came out of its casing with incredible ease . No big deal , I thought , I 'll just put it back in . So far all attempts to reinsert the bulb have been fruitless , rendering this product completely unusable . I 'm returning it now.Read the other negative reviews , this thing is a waste of money .
 After reading the great reviews I purchased this to deal with a fruitfly problem in my kitchen . The Fly Trap turned out to be pretty much totally ineffective -- we set it up so it had a place as far away from natural light as possible -LRB- though during daytime our kitchen gets enough ambient light that this was n't really possible -RRB- and left the light on all night & day for a week . The trap caught a total of 4 fruit flies which given the number of flies we had at the time was pretty much random chance . The unit was expensive , much bigger than I imagined , and did n't help me at all .
 After reading the 40 + positive reviews and seeing pictures of peoples ' success with the product ; I thought this might work . I was terribly disappointed because the product was n't cheap . The flies swarm in front of the light and never land . =[ I think I am better off swatting flies the old fashioned way with my newspaper . Definitely going to return this since I am not satisfied . * edit * I also wanted to let you folks know that it only comes with one sticky card . I thought for 30 bucks that I would get at least 2 . so , i put a piece of food on a napkin and put it on the sticky card and voila ! i caught two flies ! lol = /
 This might work in a dark area like a barn . Did n't work in our house . Grandchildren came to the beach and let the flys in . Set this up . Here are my comments to our neighbors who were interested in the same issue : `` Fly Web Trap in the house caught 1 fly . That is $ 30 per fly . It is beaten in the In House Fly Off -LRB- like that -LRB- ? -RRB- -RRB- by the fly swatter , my hand and 2 types of bug spray -LRB- one of which only killed flys which were first rendered unconcious by a newspaper -RRB- , and Windex . ... Amazon is getting a review on this ... The Fly Web Trap just hopes they will die laughing watching your electric bill go up . `` p.s. . It is a lot bigger than you might think .
 I used it inside the house for bedroom for several weeks . I followed the instructions such that there is no competing light source , etc. . Still it has not caught one single mosquito . It catches few very small flying bugs . However , it did not catch any of the mosquitos in the room .
 This fly trap is a joke . It 's expensive and does n't work at all . I had it plugged in for two weeks and caught just one tiny baby fly . Total waste of money .
 The fly trap is very limited in use . First you have to place it away from areas of light -LRB- windows -RRB- for it to work optimally note . . windows are where flies are . Secondly even doing that flies pretty much just ignore it .
 I bought this fly trap after many house flies -LRB- not fruit flies -RRB- suddenly appeared in my New York apartment . However , I found that the flies were not attracted to it . I did not catch a single fly but they seemed to die off on their own . Now I have a black light though .
 The flies in our area must be smarter than your average flies . We were trying everything to control them -LRB- we live in an area with a lot of livestock -RRB- . Although it did catch some , most of the flies avoided it so we really did n't see a decrease in the number of flies in our house .
 With the changing of the seasons , we had a somewhat annoying infestation of gnats in our Philly apartment.Bought this Fly Trap to kill those little buggers ! And ... sadly ... it did n't really work . Caught 1 out of 5-6 gnats still flying around.My recommendation if you have a gnat problem
 This tray does not fit nicely inside the tool box grill . . it is about 2 inches short on the end and about a 1/2 inch too narrow . This causes it to slide and bang around inside the grill when transported . The tools have a very `` cheap '' feel to them . The tongs were the worst . . the handles are loose and they are prety much useless . The knife wo n't hold an edge . The spatula and tongs are marginal . I would not recommend this item .
 The one star is n't really fair but it 's as close as I can come given the forced choices . This was the one bad purchasing experience we 've ever had with Amazon . It was purchased as a gift , arrived damaged and , after going around a bit and being told it was our responsibility to swallow the shipping , it cost us quite a lot to send it back.So it was never actually used - which is why the rating is n't really fair to the product . I was n't going to send in a review , but Amazon keeps popping it up wanting me to review it . Fine .
 I bought this feeder to try because I was having trouble with finches at my hummingbird feeders . I live in the deep South where it is pretty hot during hummingbird season . The instructions that came with the feeder have a Special Note that states `` Direct sunlight may cause pressure to build up inside the nectar container , forcing nectar out of the feeding ports . If you notice nectar seeping out , move the feeder into a shaded or semi-shaded location . '' Not only direct sunlight , but also just high Southern heat can cause the nectar to seep . I have the feeder in the shade but the nectar still seeps and I have not seen a hummingbird at this feeder . I plan to take this feeder to Michigan where my mother has active hummers and will see if the design works better there . Since nectar seepage in the heat must be an ongoing issue or there would not have been a Special Note at the end of the instructions , I think that information should be prominently included in the product description .
 I purchased this model last summer . The plastic hook broke off very soon after it was hung . It appears to have been simply glued onto the top of the feeder . I have made several unsuccessful attempts to to reattach the hook . The feeder is now useless .
 I have a birding/nature store and thought this would be a great feeder to keep birds other than hummingbirds from guzzling the nectar . Every one I sold was returned because they drip terribly . When I tried it myself , I had the same experience and on top of that the hummingbirds did n't use it . I had a huge sticky wet mess underneath the feeder and just gave up on it and have quit selling it . I see that other reviewers have had better luck and maybe theirs did n't drip , but living in New Mexico with the hot summer sun , I would n't recommend it because of the drip factor . There are far better feeders than this one .
 It 's hard to unscrew bottom to fill , plus if you have alot of hummingbirds , this is not the right feeder for you .
 Purchased 2 of these . One to replace a broken one and one as a spare . Just opened the spare and is leaks everywhere . The bottom part leaks and even the seam in the glass at the top o-ring connection leaks . Since it was purchased > 6 months ago it seems I ca n't even return it even though I just opened the box.Amazon was however very responsive when I explained the problem and shipped me a new one right away .
 The feeder that showed up at my door has a ` ribbed ' glass reservoir like a pumpkin , not the smooth egg-like form shown in the photo . Very disappointing .
 My hummingbirds have ignored this feeder for some reason . They prefer my window feeders to this one . I 'm sorry I purchased this feeder .
 We were given this item as a gift and it is a beautiful feeder . We think the glass globes are too heavy for the construction of the mobile . If they could be replaced with plastic it would be much safer and perform better . I gave it 2 stars for appearance only . We filled it once and we were too afraid to keep it up because of the weight of the globes .
 While I have the original Garden Song feeder , one of my feeders broke -LRB- due to me dropping it -RRB- therefore ordered a replacement which looks like the same online but once I received it , the glass part is not smooth and round like the originals or as shown in the picture so it does n't match the others.Will probably still use it but not pleased that it does n't match .
 This product was a disapointment.The item appears to be a good stable feeder.But , the feeder did not even survive one season.The attachment between the bulb and the hanger is unstable . This resulted in the total distruction of this product before the season was over . The new Opus design does not allow the ring to pass through the glass . The result is a split ring . The material the ring is made of is to soft -LRB- ie aluminum . -RRB- The ring lacks durability , and allows the bulb to fall unexpectedly.I liked the thickness of the new ring , it just needs to pass through the glass .
 Was not expecting the feeder to be so small -- my error . Should have realized that 10 ounces would hardly last one day . Also , as one reviewer mentioned , it does not look like the picture advertising the feeder . Such errors of misinformation , while I 'm sure not intentional , should be corrected ... agw
 After having two of the Garden Jewels feeder up for three day and only having Humming Birds look at it I filled and hung my trusty old one quart plastic feeder . The birds emptied the plastic feeder in about a week , they did n't even go to the Garden Jewels feeder when the plastic feeder was empty.I gave it one star for for being CUTE , it does n't attract bees and you ca n't give zero starsMay 30 edit , A bear just broke my plastic feeder but did not touch these feeders.So , it does attract humming Birds , Bees or even Bears
 Second time I filled it up my thumb went right through the glass . Do n't buy this if your looking for a lasting and functional feeder . Nice in appearace but very ppor quality and craftmanship
 I was sent three fluted , clear-glass hummingbird feeders , not what I had ordered but not worth the trouble of returning the product for the red glass .
 Did it say that in the description ? I do n't know . Maybe it 's necessary , but I 've seen many that are all glass and very lovely . This is fine , but not as pretty as it looks here .
 You did n't send me anything like what the picture shows . You sent me 2 silly generic looking plastic humming bird feeders and I think I ordered 5 of the glass Garden Jewels 447-12 10 oz . Hummingbird Feeders because they are beautiful and different . I am very disappointed . These are a present for my husband and father for Father 's Day and I have n't given them to them yet . They wo n't know all of this drama but I do and I am so unhappy .
 Item is not as pictured . Item is clear glass on top , not a smooth glass globe , it has molded `` segments '' around the globe . Bottom cap is red plastic . This is fine except that I was looking to replace the identical item pictured for an existing hanging feeder that holds 3 globes . This feeder works fine , but I was disappointed that it was not the one in the photo , so it does not match the system .
 Item is not as pictured . Item is clear glass on top , not a smooth glass globe , it has molded `` segments '' around the globe . Bottom cap is red plastic . This is fine except that I was looking to replace the identical item pictured for an existing hanging feeder that holds 3 globes . This feeder works fine , but I was disappointed that it was not the one in the photo , so it does not match the system.The MOST disappointing thing is that I later ordered a similar feeder from Amazon for $ 5.99 . I was going to see which one worked better for my system . I received the same exact feeder as this one ! It was also not as pictured . So , there are 2 feeders for sale on Amazon , both advertised as completely different feeders , one priced at twice the amount as the other . I paid $ 5.99 for one , and $ 13.99 for the other . When I received the 2 feeders , they were EXACTLY the same item . And neither of these feeders are the one in the photos .
 I found that only one side of the grill gets hot enough to cook on , and even that side produces sad , grey burgers and grills corn in three or four times the time it would take on a charcoal -LRB- or full-size gas -RRB- grill.The grill is constructed so that it is impossible to cook with the lid down , which further limits its usefulness.If you want a moderately convenient way to heat up hot dogs , this might suit your purpose . I do n't think it 's good for much else .
 I received my grill and I also found the packaging was not adequate to protect the grill . One of the corners of the base was badly bent and 2 of the inside tabs -LRB- that hold the heat diffuser plate were bent down flat against the side . I was able to bend the metal tabs up enough to get the job done , but the bent corner is still somewhat mangled . The tool tray has to be ordered seperately and it is quite a bit smaller than the grill , causing it to slide around on top of the grate and bang when being transported . The tools included with the tray have a `` cheap '' feel to them and the tongs are completely useless . I gave 2 stars for the novelty factor and compact size . .
 The idea behind this snow brush / ice scraper is good , but the implementation is sub-par . NEGATIVES : First of all , the snow brush is too narrow . A wider head would allow you to clear more snow in one swoop , rather than doing what I 've had to do
 I purchased this feeder in the winter . I thought it was a nice design and a good choice for my collection of feeders . Since putting it out , the hummingbirds just are n't real thrilled with it . I 'm refilling the other feeders every other day and this one I have to dump out the water because it has gone stale . I ca n't put a finger on it , what they do n't like about it . I have to shake it lightly to get the air bubbles out of the base . I 've noticed that they have to lean over and down to reach the flower . I do n't know if this is an uncomfortable position for them or if it has anything to do with why they do n't come to this one and fight over the others . I still have hope that it will become one of their favorites , but at this point have my doubts .
 This feeder is poorly designed . Air bubbles form in the bottom preventing the nectar from getting to the `` flowers '' . I have to keep tapping the feeder to get rid of the air bubbles .
 all but one of the nozzles leak ... the sugar water that leaks on the deck then attracts ants
 I 'm about to buy my second replacement , after the glass cracked on the first two . Quality is very low , but the ability to put this feeder right on our kitchen window is wonderful and our children adore it . If I could find any similar product from another manufacturer , I 'd buy it instead .
 I had given this feeder a 5-star rating and reviewed it as a worthwhile purchase . Now I wish I had n't . After a month of being on the window , it suddenly came crashing down . I did everything exactly as the instructions said , and it did work well for awhile . It just did n't last . We are still stepping on shards of glass .
 Very nice looking feeder . It is just poorly made/designed . You need to take off the suction cup section to mount to the window , then attach the feeder part to that . I could n't get them apart . Without doing this , you ca n't get the suction cups to adhere to the window enough to prevent it falling off . Look at other reviews about how to dremmel part of the suction cup section away to get around this . Eventually this works well , just not as shipped .
 While it seems intuitively obvious , I nonetheless read the instructions on how to mount this . Then I did what it said
 Only buy this if you dont want to stick it onto a window with the suction cups . the plastic piece that holds the cups in place prevent the cups from gaining full contact with the glass , so I was unable to stick it to my window !! That said , I can still use it by just setting it on a shelf on my balcony . It works fine this way and the birds still come to drink . I am satisfied with that , but do not buy this if you really want to use it as it is described `` suction cupped to window '' The design does not allow this type of attachment .
 There seems to be a stick/no-stick debate here ... You know how when you are putting a suction cup on something , you have to press it in and then it kind of pulls away a little and sucks on ? Well , there is hard plastic all around the suction cups , making the pushing on part somewhat impossible . If it does go on , it 's a very heavy , thick glass feeder , so I doubt it 'll stay there .
 I would not recommend this product . Much to heavy for the windows ! With the cost of postage and the product itself , it is over-priced and I would not repeat the order . I finally replaced the suction cups with larger ones , it would still not stay on the glass window after many tries .
 We purchased this 14 oz . / 370 ml glass window hummingbird feeder and it does not work . We have tried every which way to make the suction cups work and they do not stay on the window . The instructions indicated that the bracket would detach from the bottle but that was not the case . We will not be buying a product by this company again . Also , the company makes it impossible to reach them on their stated web address .
 I have had other window feeders and this one was very disappointing . First of all the plastic around the suction cups was too thick to let the suction cup stick to the window . Could not even use the feeder on the window . Tried using the flowers in my old feeder and the hummingbird would not even use the feeder with these flowers in it . They may be too deep . It was a real waste of money . Might as well throw it out . Should be receiving a refund .
 Well , I ordered this online as we could n't find any window-mounted feeders locally . It 's lasted exactly two weeks . The problem is the extremely weak design
 I was really looking forward to this , I love hummingbirds . The first came and I found that the glass part had broken area where it attaches to the suction cup holder . So ... I tried again and this time it appeared intact . Until I filled it with the liquid and hung it on the holder and the glass broke out -LRB- just a small piece but that 's all it takes -RRB- in the exact same place as the previous one . Has to be a defect in manufacturing . Was a very big disappointment .
 Shame on me ! I should have read the reviews before I purchased this piece of garbage . I had the same experience as others -- cumbersome to fill , trouble attaching to the window , then the whole thing crashes to the deck . An atractive price until you find you 're charged more than half the price of the item to have it shipped , not to mention the poor quality design . Could n't give me another one of these ...
 All of the reviews criticizing the design are correct . The link between the bottle and the suction cup assembly is fatally flawed . On the feeder I received , the glass blob and the runners on the suction cup frame fit together so tightly that there 's no way to get the feeder off the frame when it 's stuck to a window . Once it 's on the window you have to wrestle the entire assembly off to refill , and then go through the tortuous process of remounting the suction cups . Good news/bad news - the feeder is so cheap that it 's not worth paying the postage to send it back . Despite the much higher cost , I think the only maker of hummingbird feeders worth buying is Aspects .
 I 've got several different kinds of hummingbird feeders . I bought this one because I like to see the hummingbirds rest . I very carefully followed the * extensive * installation instructions on the suction cups -LRB- boiling , finger oils , washing the window -RRB- , and then hung it up . About 10 seconds later it fell down , smashing the red plastic feeder unit completely . I replaced it with a lighter , all-plastic feeder whose suction cups held it solidly to the window all summer
 I had purchased the Perky Pet Hummingbird Feeder on a different occasion and thought I would get another as the Perky Pet window mounted was such an attraction for hummingbirds . Unfortunately , the Opus model did not adhere to the window very well -LRB- and yes we did try using hot water on the suction cups . -RRB- I recommend getting the Perky Pet to those who want a no fuss feeder .
 The window attachment did not work with this hummingbird feeder . Had to improvise putting it on a pole with some wire .
 The suction cups on this are WAY TOO SMALL for the HEAVY GLASS . I just bought this and HATE IT because of this . I ca n't mount it to the glass without it sliding . it 's totally ridiculous . NOT WORTH IT . I had to put it on the ground because I ca n't get the suction cups to stick long enough without the whole thing sliding . AVOID AVOID AVOID !!!
 I received this product today , and because of the frame work that is around the suction cups , it is virtually impossible to press this on any window or french door . What were they thinking ? Poor product . I will go out shopping tomorrow , and purchase something else . A total waste of money !
 I owned my feeder for about one month and in that time it 's fallen from my window three times , the last time it shattered into many shards of glass . The suction cups are not strong enough to reliably support a full glass of sugar water . Big design flaw , do not buy this product .
 This is a very poor product . The glass bottle with liquid is much too heavy for the small suction cups provided . There was no way that I could keep them on the window . They slide down as soon as I put them up -LSB- . When I finally got one up , by the time I got back in the house it had fallen to the ground .
 I really did not realize how heavy this feeder was until it arrived . No matter what I do to clean the glass surface and the suction cups , the feeder falls off of the window . It is just too heavy or the cups do not provide enough suction to hold it . Every time it falls , the glass chips off the bottom .
 Please beware . The two suction cups are attached to a plastic housing that has a major design flaw . There is a plastic lip that prevents the suction cups from getting close enough to the window glass for full suction . I had to take my dremel tool and cut off the plastic lip -LRB- about 75 % around each suction cup -RRB- before this would attach to the window . Be prepared to do the same to get this to stick to the glass .
 I have owned multiple window hummingbird feeders and this one is by far the worst . It is extremely difficult to remove the feeder in order to refill it . I have actually already ordered a different one and plan to throw this one away .
 Despite the bad reviews , I weighed the positive ones and decided to give this a try . I purchased it for a friend . It is too heavy and it crashed to the ground and killed a hummingbird . I would not recommend this product !
 What you ca n't see from the pictures is the VERY narrow opening to the bottle making this very difficult to clean . Not recommended .
 This feeder lasted 1/2 hour before the suction cups gave way and the feeder fell to the ground and broke . We have multiple window mounted feeders -LRB- suet and seed -RRB- which weigh more than this one , and affixed the suction cups correctly . $ 20 lesson learned - do not buy products from Garden Jewels .
 Mounted feeder on my window according to directions.Had my doubts since the suction cups seemed too smallfor the weight of the feeder.Turns out I was right . Within an hour the feeder camecrashing down . Glass all over the place.Just inappropriately built .
 After I had spent way too much time putting the Garden Jewel feeder up , a dove hit it and knocked it down , where it broke when it hit the brick at the bottom of the window . As there is always a possibility of a large bird hitting a feeder , I would not recommend the glass feeder . I 've had a plastic window feeder for years . It 's a bit beaten up , but it is still functioning after several years . The glass feeder did n't last a week .
 glass is to heavy for size of suction cup . slips down on window . have tried small amt oil on suction cups , still slips .
 I received this otherwise fine unit without the needed suction cups to apply to a window . I contacted the company and they responded , but then , nothing . The feeder is unusable and worthless.I recommend buying nothing from this distributor .
 I was so looking forward to this and as the suction cups let go and I watched this glass fall to the slate patio all I could think of was - I hope I can get all the sherds of glass . Thank goodness it did not break.Very disapointed in the product . If they used palstic not glass this may hve worked .
 I 've had this item about 1 month . The feeder is very sturdy & the humming birds come right to it . The big problem is the suction cups . There is a plastic piece that surrounds the suction cups , so it is impossible for the suction cups to be flat against the window . This causes the feeder to constantly slide off the window , especially when it rains . If I could get ride of that plastic piece , it would be perfect .
 I have had window feeders for years and have enjoyed them very much . I have to say I read the directions many times and tried many ways for this feeder to work and ca n't make it work . Complete waste of money and time trying to get it to work .
 I did n't care for it.The glass made it to heavy it lasted about one hour.Then fell and broke.Wouldn ' t waste my money again .
 This hummingbird feeder looked like a good idea until I filled it -LRB- following the direction -RRB- and put it up on the window and it fell off 15 seconds later and the glass busted .
 I ordered two , and between them I had one good working one . Additionally , the glass arrived broken on one of them -LRB- zero shipping damage -RRB- . It is not tempered glass like Amazon.com states . Mine also did n't look like Amazon.com 's pictures.Numerous design and quality problems include defective suction cups , the filler hole in the glass is about 3/8 '' -LRB- difficult to fill ; impossible to clean -RRB- , the red base has white stress/stretch marks . The bracket design is such that you ca n't press the suction cups onto the glass well without breaking the plastic.In summary , it is real ... . Do n't expect it to last , so buy two -LRB- one for spare parts -RRB- . On the positive side , however , it does n't leak -LRB- yet -RRB- , and the quality of the Perky Pet feeders that I have bought locally is just as bad . The Perky Pet feeders leak -LRB- attracting colonies of ants -RRB- , and they break after 6 months too .
 This hummingbird feeder was too heavy and the suctions did not stick . I did read and follow the instructions but it kept falling and eventually broke . I would not recommend this product .
 The Garden Song 455-3 Window Mounted 14 ounce Glass Hummingbird Feeder does NOT meet my expectations . It is TOO HEAVY and the suction cups DO NOT STICK.I had mine filled , placed on the window , as per specs , and it FELL OFF AFTER AFEW DAYS . NOT A GOOD BUY ... I bought TWO -LRB- 2 -RRB- of these -LRB- at Amazon.com -RRB- in the hope of replacing the Perky Pet feeders I have which are about 4 years old with a comparable feeder ... WRONG
 This is a good looking feeder unfortunate the container is glass and is heavy . I filled it stuck it on a window it seemed secure but when I closed the window it slid to the bottom pooped off and shattered on my deck . I would like to find another container and try again .
 Once you understand the directions , then you will know how to mount the suction cup part first to the window . I could n't understand how you separated the feeder from the mounted part with the suction-cups . When I started to try to pull them apart , I was afraid I was going to break the plastic part . I did get it and it does hold well on the window . The feeder comes off easily now . UPDATE
 The tube containing the seeds is white . The birds refused to eat from it for 2 weeks so we returned it .
 These pads - and the electric fruit fly unit - was practicly ineffective . With a SWARM of FF 12 inches away , it had lured and traped maybe twenty .
 I thought this was individual fly board traps that I could stick around my house and catch those pesky fruit flies!Turns out this is a refill pack for another device ! Be careful !
 I share the disappointment of the reviewer who did not realize that the glue board item was for replacement only of an expensive indoor lighting product . Will try to return but difficult for me . Should have read every product detail and marketing approach , not just average number of stars . AmazonFlyweb Fly Light Glue Boards -LRB- 10 pack -RRB- should point out initially that this is a replacement/refill item for an INDOOR , ELECTRIC LIGHT , EXPENSIVE PRODUCT . I am also confused by different prices quoted depending on pictures and how one searches .
 I was not careful . I saw that this had fine customer reviews , read a couple and ordered them . It was only after they came that I found out that they were useless unless I ordered a $ 29 item . Then when I read up on the $ 29 item I found that it would not be suitable for my use . OK -- I will return this but I wish that the ad would be very clear so other careless people like me do not go through this routine .
 This bird feeder is not squirrel-proof in my experience . Even on the lightest spring load setting , the squirrels around here have no problem sitting on the perch without falling . Maybe this will work for fat squirrels in the suburbs , but out here in the woods ...
 tHIS IS DEFINATELY NOT SQUIRREL PROOF . I put it out onthe pole and the next day , a sauirrel found his way upthe pole and after studying it , he found a way to notonly feed himself but also the squirrels and birds onthe ground . It may work up North but believe me we havesmaller but mightier squirrels in Florida . They not onlyget the food out but they broke the one side of the feeder . Now they can just help themselves.I DEFINATELY DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS FEEDER
 Do not waste your money on this product . The feeder was designed by someone , who is unfamiliar with bird anatomy . Poorly constructed in China ; what a surprise . No box , tags , instructions or manufacturer 's name on the product . Arrived in ONLY three pieces , which were difficult to assemble -LRB- poor design -RRB- . The perches are adjustable , but which setting for which beast ? They are supposedly adjustable for different birds . That must mean smaller than a buzzard or buzzard-sized . The springs are too stiff to adjust for finch -LRB- 1 oz . -RRB- , and preclude jay -LRB- 4 oz . -RRB- . The squirrels have found the perches to be quite convenient . The ports are uncovered , so seeds are exposed to rain and snow . The top cover does not fit well . I would not have purchased this feeder , had I seen it first . And further , I would have returned the feeder , but was unable to disconnect the handle .
 There have been no squirrels at this caged feeder , but also there are no birds . It is hanging next to an uncaged finch feeder where the birds visit daily , but they will not go through the cage to get the food .
 While I was impressed with the packaging and speed of delivery that was the end of my satisfaction . The greenhouse is very cheaply constructed and unless you are 4 feet tall total useless without an extention to the base . It took just over 3 hours to assemble and this includes going to the hardware store to replace the cheap aluminum screws they sent , 8 of them broke while tightening and of course there where no extras sent . The panels used are of the cheapest plastic known to man , you would think for this price they would be double pane but nooooo . Avoid this RION GREENLINE or RION HOBBY Greenhouse , unless you buy it for $ 99.00 . That 's what it is worth .
 This greenhouse looks nice however the plastic strips that hold the windows in are difficult to secure properly and will pop-out when the wind blows or the sun heats them up so they curl-up and come out . We contacted the company and they sent more strips which I decided to `` glue '' into place with my caulking gun and some clear silicone . It was still difficult to get all the windows secure . We finally took the thing apart and returned it .
 missing parts , and mfg. co. dodge questions about product placing entire blame on you . Making you out to be an idiot . They can shove it .
 When I ordered it , it said clay planter . It would have been more appropriate to call it clay-colored as it is plastic . Also , it arrived cracked . Since it was for my father 's memorial , I could not return it in time to get a replacement .
 I would not call this a chair cushion ... it is much too small . . more like a minature pillow , for children !
 way to small of a cushion . had to purchase another one from a local store !
 The name on this item should be `` pillow '' . It is much too small for a cushion . They need to change the discription to pillow or cushion for your head . I wish I had spent more time reading the whole page on this item before I ordered it . Lesson learned !
 I purchased two cushions to use on small chairs . When the cushions I arrived , I could hardly believe how small they were , smaller than the description stated . In addition to the small size , the cushions had a lot of stuffing and seemed more like volleyballs than chair cushions .
 This product did not work right out of the box . It heated up fine but no fog . I checked the things the manual said to check with no luck . The pump did n't seem to be pulling any insecticide up into the tube . Seeing it looked pretty simple , I unscrewed the brass fitting at the end of the tube that pulls the insecticide into the burner . Inside is a small ball bearing that acts as a ball valve , and a spring . I suspect the spring was either misaligned or the brass fitting was screwed in too tightly to allow the valve to function properly . I replaced the components , screwed the brass fitting back on , and the pump now functioned fine . I still have the fogger , but only because I ca n't find an inexpensive alternative that performs any better .
 I agree with Lloyd this is not universal , if you got Briggs and Stratton , am tellin you just waste your money .
 Lasted 5 minutes , both the connector that came with this and the one that came with the tip both broke . Plastic not make for anything over 1,000 PSI .
 I found that this was not compatible with my pressure washer . Unfortunately I did n't have time to try it out before the return time . Now I am stuck with a &#34; universal &#34; replacement gun and hose that either does not function properly or is n't compatible not sure which .
 Ill have to use this as a backup . Its just 2000 psi Most power washers today are 2700 and up . The price is ok and if your running Two Guns it will work But , Do n't hook it to anything with Power . Wish they would have Been truthful about the product Just not telling you the PSI just makes it a lie of admission .
 Hose worked about 4 times then it started leaking , i took the hose off an noticed that the o-ring had a tear in it already . save your money and use a professional pressure washer not one of the millions of cheap ones
 Not so universal
 The Gun and hose itself not too bad , but the connections for the accessories are terrible , they leak badly , everything made of cheap plastic , no sealing quality , got more water on my clothes , than came out of the end of the nozzle
 It said that this was a universal FAIP replacemnet gun and hose . Of course it did not fit m FAIP power washer . Waste of money
 So if you 're reassured by the fact the feedbacks here saying they were only shipped an extension hose and not the gun are four months old or more and thinking that Amazon has it 's act together now and you 'll be OK if you order this now ... DO N'T !!!! Still it 's an extension hose , still it 's not a hose and gun ... AMazon . . come on . . 4 months since this was reported and you acknowledged it as a distribution problem and you 're still shipping the wrong thing , this is in no way acceptable
 Ordered this product and it seems well made , but until you receive the product , there is no statement saying that it is for electric machines only . Deception by omission . POOR POOR POOR
 This product was bought by mistake . After I looked at it , I 'm glad I took the UPS hit and returned it .
 FAIP PowerWasher Replacement Gun and Hose # 80012I have a Powerwasher unit , so logically assumed this would work to replace a leaking hose . Wrong ! I called Powerwasher . They said 80012 is not a part number they use . This apparently was made by somebody else and is thus misrepresented on the Amazon web site . The problem ? The connection on the hose is a different diameter than on my Powerwasher unit .
 Absolutely useless . Power washer broke the first time I used it . Terrible product , terrible service , useless phone helpline staffed by morons . NEVER buy anything made by this company .
 Pruchased this hose exactly 13 months ago . Worked great with my pressure washer up until yesturday when the hose seperated from the gun . It looks like it can not be repaired . So , either buy ANOTHER hose or a new pressure washer ... I think I will go with a new pressure washer this time around . It had 5 stars in my book , but after breaking with little use and stored well , I ca n't say so much for long term reliability so I gave it 2 stars .
 Extremely Cumbersome to use as the hose is very inflexible and tangles easily .
 I ordered this item , the FAIP PowerWasher Universal Replacement Gun and Hose Kit # 81K053SH but instead I got this , Powerwasher 1/4-Inch by 25-Foot Universal Extension Hose for Pressure Washers #EXT 102F1SH . I requested a replacement hoping Amazon would see the error but still amazon sent the same WRONG item . I got fed up so I requested a refund instead . I just hope they wo n't refund to the WRONG credit card . BE VERY CAUTIOUS WHEN ORDERING THIS ITEM : FAIP PowerWasher Universal Replacement Gun and Hose Kit # 81K053SH .
 I also received two hoses and no guns after ordering the `` replacement gun & hose kit '' . Amazon customer service said that they would refund my credit card -LRB- has n't happened yet -RRB- because they were having distribution issues with this item . Was told that I 'd be notified via email when the complete kit was available again . Have n't heard from anyone but noticed that site is selling them again -LRB- as opposed to listing a future ship date -RRB- . Would advise that potential buyers contact Amazon regarding inventory before purchasing this product .
 I ordered the Universal Replacement GUN and hose kit , but only recieved an extension hose . I sent it back for replacement , but once again recieved only a hose . The paper inside said GUN and hose kit , and had a picture of a GUN and hose , but no GUN , just a useless extension hose . And , as if yet , I have recieved no refund . Pathetic customer service .
 Installed this & it worked fine for two weeks then started leaking around the large black screw on top . This leak started on it 's own without any interference or vibration/movement . Tried tightening & took apart & retightened . Gasket still appears new with no flaws . Can not stop the leak . I stopped using it .
 I had actually purchased this a few months ago to use as a washing machine sediment filter , and it worked great at first . However it started leaking , and we did n't notice it until we found a puddle on the floor . It was leaking around where the clear bowl screwed on . I tried to tighten it up to stop the leak , but as I was tightening it broke . I wo n't buy another one .
 The clear plastic threaded end leaks badly and no amount of fooling with it would make it stop leaking . Nice looking unit but is faulty in design , at least it was for me . Returning it and getting something else with all metal connections on each end .
 Works fine if you do n't mind 5 % of the water leaking out . Also no accompanying instructions and it cracks easily if you tighten hard trying to stop the leaking . Mine cracked and I had to shave and sand the clear male end to reduce the leaking . Just to clarify , it leaked before it cracked . Other than that , it filters effectively , cleans easily and probably deserves 21/2 stars . I would have returned it but could n't find another similar product on the market .
 I was thrilled to find the Tuggy T Post Puller at Northern Tools and tried it as soon as it arrived . What a disapointment . It would not budge any of my posts . Considering another rave review , I must assume the other reviewer -LRB- 1 -RRB- had his posts sunk 6 '' or less , -LRB- 2 -RRB- had a different soil type , or -LRB- 3 -RRB- is the inventor of the Tuggy . To give benefit of doubt , I will assume it is the soil type . We have very gumbo-clay soil here and perhaps it works like a dream in sandy soil . Anyway , do n't get too excited until you try it .
 Expected clay terra cotta and received plastic ... disappointed ... will not be ordering again . Picture and description deceiving.Really , I just typed 17 words and it will not accept .
 There is virtually no way to keep the line taut enough to keep the jaws closed . I suppose it would be alright if you had someone keeping everything tight until you got tension . The description made it sound like it had enough bite to solve this issue ; not true in my experience .
 Two traps only caught one mole . I had better luck drowning with drowning the little buggers out with the garden hose . My neighbors cat also offered some assistance .
 We 've had the trap set -LRB- in various locations -RRB- for a month or so now and have n't caught one mole . I 'm impressed by those who have caught moles but it 's not that easy . We 've tried the stick that makes a pulsating noise , moth balls , grub killer and the trap with no success . I 've asked friends and the only success they have had is with rat poison .
 I purchased several mole traps recently . This one requires that the mole tunnel be large , deep or that you must dig slots deeper than the bottom of the moles regular tunnel . The moles I was trapping were making runs just under the grass . This required more digging than the others and for that reason alone it is not my favorite . especially since there are mole traps that are easier to set and in my case caught moles .
 We have tried this product everywhere and followed directions to the letter . We still have yet to catch one mole !!!
 This unit is made in China.The manufacturer will not send parts to repair ... The unit must be sent in.If anything breaks it becomes a disposable unit . . Worked great for one year of light use ... Stopped moving after one season ... Was not feasable to ship unit back and forth for repair.No parts available from Smart Pools . . I tossed it out after one year use . . Buy somthing that has more product support ... Hope this helps . .
 Save your money and buy something that is better quality and will last . These things are not sharp and they rust , rust , rust . If I had not used them , I would be sending the junk back .
 Sounds like a great idea but in action hardly worth the money paid . The battery compartment is hard to access and requires you to remove 2 tiny screws and insert 4 `` C '' batteries which weigh down the unit . The light is barely adequate for the task and the fan is a joke , it does n't remove the smoke and at times actually blows it towards you . I felt like returning it after the first use but repacking it and going to UPS just was n't worth the time and effort . Save your money and buy a light without the fan for a lot less .
 This product is poorly designed . The electronic ignitors on our unit failed 3 times in the first year and had to be replaced . When I called customer support , he admitted they are outsourced and made in China and have n't been reliable . Furthermore , when they were functional , it took a long time for the grill to light , causing combustion and minor explosion . Other problems
 Please think twice about buying a Lynx grill . There are some major issues with mine that have yet to be fixed . It is not that the grill does not light , it lights with a huge flame and last time burned all of the hair off of my arm and nearly cooked my son 's eyebrows . Lynx has been no help whatsoever and has said we are on our own in fixing it because it is out of warranty -LRB- the warranty was only one year and it was fixed three times within that period - they did not grandfather the problem -RRB- . We should have returned it but we expected the company to have faith in their product and to make sure it was fixed properly and worked safely . Apparently safety is not their highest concern . Do n't make the mistake I did .
 Misleading this is clay colored plastic but good quality . be sure to read product info for size and weight . I am still learning to shop carefully .
 This company is Terrible . I bought one of these things wanting a min/max temp reading.The package says `` Min/Max Temperature '' This unit does NOT display it . The instructions -LRB- on the inside after you buy it -RRB- makes no reference to it . When I get online to look at the instructions , It shows a thermometer with Humidity . I have had these devices before from ACURITE And they all had `` gliches '' Never again . I 've alwayshad good luck with `` SkyScan ''
 Goldline 's power supply design decisions now make this a hearty DO NOT RECOMMEND from me.First , the wiring terminals do not accept 110V without moving jumpers , making installation more error-prone than necessary . Modern power supply components auto-switch between 110V and 220V service . For such an expensive product , this should not be the case.Second , in the event of a power spike , accidental mis-wiring , or other power issue , there are MOVs that will explode , presumably to protect the other circuitry . MOVs do this by design , but these components are soldered ON THE MAIN BOARD . Which means when they `` pop , '' the entire board must be replaced -- a $ 500 repair whether you DIY or use their authorized service technicians.Instead , the power terminals and surge protection components should be on a separate , smaller board , protected physically from the main board . So , in the event of the MOVs popping , the owner can replace a $ 10 board with a few components rather than the $ 500 main board.And since they do n't cover power surges under the warranty , the chances of getting hit with this cost down the line are pretty high , especially if you live in areas prone to power surges or thunderstorms .
 We had our pool installed in October , 2005 . We are currently on our third cell and mother board . Replacing cells and mother boards get very expensive to say the least . The warrantly period for the initial products was 3 years . However , when you replace the cell or mother board you only get a one year warranty . The only positive we have found thus far is that the pool water does not irritate the eyes compared to chlorine . I would not recommend it . Yes , our system is grounded and we still have had mother board issues . Another negative - the salt water kills grass if you ever have a problem with the pool water and need to eliminate it as we did when the mother board went out again . Our pool has become a money pit .
 this was ordered as replacement gasket for sears weedwacker . use exact part number from sears man. , what I got was not right fit .
 I received a defected item and It was not the flag I order , the flag was sewm upside down
 I purchased this to cover a well head on my property . When it arrived , I found the product to be one of the ugliest excuses for a rock I have ever seen . It is extremely light weight , and for it 's size and height , this is unacceptable . The wind picked it up quickly when I tried to place it . I called the merchant to return the product and they told me to ship it back for a refund . The cost for shipping was $ 65 UPS and I have neither been able to secure a refund for this shipping , not have I yet seen the credit to my account - and it has been 3 weeks . I would not recommend purchasing this item and would consider carefully before purchasing from this vendor again .
 I was misled by the description `` Ventilator '' . No ventilation , they fog up immediately .
 I got this Claber 8747 sprinkler to complement my Ace Oscillator Sprinkler -LRB- 4200a -RRB- with the idea that I could use one in the front yard while using one in the back . The Claber is clunky to adjust and eventually the oscillating gears `` froze '' due to rust on the shaft on which the gears were supposed to freely spin . By comparison , the Ace 4200a is cheaper and it 's width of oscillation can be easily and quickly adjusted with one hand.I do NOT recommend the Claber 8747 and suggest checking out the Ace 4200a on Amazon , which is about 1/2 the price.Melnor 4200 Turbo Oscillating Sprinkler With Flow Control
 this is the best product ever it is soooo much fun MUST BUY !!
 No problem of setting it up.After one month later , the door fell down . After that ... the nightmare started ... the door kept fell down even after reassemble the whole unit for 3 times .
 Amazon and carrier handled this transaction badly . This product was delivered without a left front door . Amazon did not respond to my inquiry regarding this missing part . After several conversations with the carrier , they finally delivered the product to me . I was able to get a left front door by contacting Rubbermaid customer service directly . Rubbermaid delivered the part to me via Fedex about two weeks later . I felt that Amazon should have credited me for this problem and inconvenience .
 On the first time use , simply brushing a layer of snow with the telescopic handle extended , I had the plastic latching mechanism break away from the steel handle . Small set screw had must have fallen out / not been installed.Preformed a self repair ; works up to par.Telescopic extension will get frozen stuck if you use it and leave it in a cold car .
 Ordered it at a savings by back order and color and received 2 x boxes strapped together and construction was well under way and realized the front left wall was missing !!! Now so much BS to go through to get a replacement piece , how do you miss something that big in the packing ?
 The box says `` No Tools Required '' and `` 15 Minutes '' for assembly . I guess they wanted me to use my fingernail to screw in the screws . 15 minutes to assemble ? Are they serious ? Now that it 's all assembled , I see that you really ca n't put all of your yard/garden tools in there . However , with a little tweaking , I think it would make a fabulous dog house .
 I was short shipped . Had a very difficult time getting in touch with Amazon to discuss the problem . Have now been told that the item is on back order and I will have to wait 8 weeks for delivery !!
 The unit is very easy to assembly , but the sliding lid is poorly designed . If you lift up , even slightly , instead of sliding back the brackets break free and ca n't be replace successfully and permanently . The lid then comes off in a heavy wind or when being used in hot weather . Huge disappointment for a Rubbermaid product .
 I 've had the slide lid shed for almost 2 years now and for the most part it does the job of storing all of the kids bikes and outdoor toys . The biggest issue I have with the shed it the poorly designed door hinges . The little plastic nubs that hold the door in place simply broke off . To fix this I 've added decorative metal fence hinges which I bent to follow the contour of the doors . I have a feeling the hinges will now outlast the rest of the shed .
 Liked the shed , looks nice , paid $ 349 at Home Depot . Assembly was n't bad , just one problem . There are small button/knobs that hold the doors in place on top and bottom of the front doors . Approx 6 months after I put it together , the lower knob on the right side door snapped off . Now , the door falls off all the time . As it 's plastic , it 's not fixable . Piece of crap .
 Not hard to assemble , but after putting the shed mostly together I discovered that a wrong part was included in the package -LRB- there are supposed to be 2 left rails , 2 right rails , but I got 3 of one and 1 of the other , preventing me from completing assembly of the shed . Called customer support which sent out a replacement part right away . Has been functioning well since . Would have given it 4 out of 5 stars if not for the part problem .
 I purchased this after reading the very positive reviews . I 'm very unsure what all of the 5 stars are all about . This is your standard cheap plastic floater with very little control of chlorine flow and shallow bay for tabs . I tried to fit six tabs inside every which way with no success . Short of breaking them up into bits , you can fit only 4 tabs . Spend the extra 5 bucks and get a better product .
 I bought this for a 7 ' hot tub -LRB- mid-large tub -RRB- . The adjustment mechanism on the bottom is not effective to control concentration in a spa . Specifically , I have reduced to 1 chlorine tablet in the floater and completely closed the vents yet my chlorine concentration goes high . This is a large floater . I 'm sure it 's fine for a pool but it 's advertised as a ` pool and spa ' floater which is why I bought it . I can not recommend this for spas .
 Of all the things you expect a floating chlorinator to do , float is right up there on top of the list and this unit refuses to fulfill that aspect of its product description . The blue collar at the top filled with water and now it lists along with only one edge peeping above the waterline . It has n't sunk completely , so it is fulfilling the other half of its destiny , it still treads water filled with three tabs , but not in a pleasing , ship-shape manner any longer .
 I purchased this item July 26 , 2012 . It replaced a ducky one that had a larger capacity , but which had lost its ability to grip the chlorine-holding cylinder that screws into the bottom . I decided not to throw good money after bad , and went back to the cheap standby with great reviews.The downside is that it only held four tabs vs the 6 the ducky held , but that 's not a dealbreaker . It does have a nice adjustable ring around the bottom , and I 'm fine with refilling my chlorinator a bit more often . I do n't even deduct a single star for that ; up to now we 're still at 5 . Unfortunately I went out in early September to check it , and found that one of the two tiny plastic knobs that locks the lid into place had come off . This makes the top extremely loose , and it can just pop off . With kids -LRB- or adults -RRB- jumping into the pool or swimming around , I expect it would be very easy for this to tip , and with an unsecured lid , the tabs could easily fall out.During the 45 days of use , it mostly just floated in an unused pool . I have maintained my pool for years without problems like this , so I know how to treat equipment without over-torquing it . I also expect that over time , the sun will degrade the top of the plastic that sits out in the dry heat all day . But I did expect more than 45 days . Not sure if I got a bad one , or if this product is to be avoided . Based on 39 glowing reviews , I might take one more chance .
 I 've seen floaters with their color washed out but this one the plastic disintegrated . Perhaps it would be better for an indoor pool or in Seattle .
 I bought this for a spa and filled like it said . THIS IS TOOOOOOO BIG FOR A SPA . IT BOUT KNOCKED ME OUT WITH THE FUMES ND BLEACH THE LINER TO THE PORTBLE SPA . I 'M NEW AT THIS SPA THING AND DIN NOT KNOW . SHOULD MORE SPECIFIC.I WILL READ MORE CARFULLY
 Looks good and sturdy but top pops of easily , even when in lock position . Would n't recommend for use when people in pool as a big 3 inch tablet may find itself on the bottom of your pool and ruin your liner .
 Air reservoir filled up with water after 4 months , causing the dispenser to float sideways , and eventually sank.After reading the reviews , I was expecting this to last at least a year . I guess I was wrong . Wo n't buy this brand ever again .
 I was happy to pay a little more for this wheelbarrow to have it delivered , since I do n't have a car . The directions were limited , but sufficient . However , the provided parts did not line up with one of the pre-drilled holes , stripping one of the bolts . I could n't arrange the parts in any different configuration and , with the limited instructions , could not see any other way to configure the parts .
 After very limited use with grass clippings , mulch , and top soil , the bottom spit ! When filled 3/4 with top soil it bends and shifts side to side . Very poor engineering , very poor construction . Should be pulled off the market ! Shame on you True Temper !
 A little disappointed with this product ... after two weeks with moving topsoil and gravel the plastic base cracked and gave way . I suggest this wheelbarrow be used for avid Gardner for occasional use and not placing heavy soils or stone in it .
 Wheelbarrow arrived missing the handles . Called Ames and they said to call amazon . Amazon overnighted me the handles which took 3 days . This wheelbarrow is poorly made and there is no quality control . I had to drill new holes in handles to get it together , several parts do not line up and it was impossible to mount the front wheel guard without it rubbing on the front wheel , so I will have to fabricate something to make it work . . The front wheel reeks of creosote and the smell wo n't go away . The plastic `` poly '' tray is cheap and flimsy . This wheelbarrow is junk and only good for hauling styrofoam peanuts or air guitars .
 The Ames True Temper Poly wheelbarrow made in China is toxic.The seriously chemical smell was immediately noticeable . I left all the parts outside to air out thinking that smell would dissipate . I then put it together and started using it thinking time would help . The smell makes you sick and even when I took it out of my car the toxic chemical smell remained . I will try to return it but more importantly I am concerned that other people will buy this product because the price is so good and therefore be exposed to harmful toxic fumes .
 not nearly as anti-fog as expected , not very comfortable , expensive for what you get , below usual `` DeWalt '' quality level
 The description claims that these are anti-fog , they are not . This was the only reason I purchased them , very disappointed .
 These glasses do the job of protecting your eyes , but unless you 're 6 ' 6 &#34; , chances are these glasses are too large for you . They do n't adjust well , and seemed to never find a spot to settle into . Just turning my head to sneeze has sent them flying to the floor . Go for the DPG55-11C for better adjustment and comfort .
 These glasses broke the first time I used them . I went to clean the lens with a soft cloth and it fell out ! Upon further inspection , I saw how cheaply they went back together.This is truly a case of `` you get what you pay for ! '' Stay away !!!! DeWalt should be embarassed to have their name on these .
 Very disappointed with product , only used one day and lenses kept falling out . Lenses easily scratched . Sorry I bought them .
 The Dewalt glasses I ordered are very comfortable . I am happy with them except for one very important thing . The rubber temples slide on a plastic shaft and when you clean the lenses they have a tendency to come off . Needless to say if you do n't see where they fall you will probably not find them . I have lost one on each of the two glasses I have . I would recommend them if they would make the rubber temples stationary . But for now I 'm looking else where .
 nose pads broke off first day . i liked the flexibility and light weight but the nose pads broke right off .
 I bought this with a tropical fantasy
 well , looks good but not that last long in lens its already scratch all over and kind around shape and not my next choice honeslty .
 I am a 51 year old controls engineer needing a pair of safety glasses for using my laptop PC in an industrial environment . These Dewalt glasses are well built and comfortable but the magnification areas of the lenses are in the wrong location for my liking . They are situated too low and not large enough . They would be ok if all you were doing were reading a book , but when working in an industrial control cabinet or on a laptop , they are unsuitable . For example , the keyboard is in the magnification area but the screen is not . I will instead look for a pair that magnifies over the entire lens . The protective sleeve that comes with these glasses works well.October 2011 update
 Nice pair of safety glasses except the nose pieces fall off . If I buy another pair , I 'll try gluing the rubber nose pieces on . I bought 3 pair , and all of them have fallen off , never to be found . Too bad .
 I received these glasses and they do n't fit my head and flimsy as all hell . Also the distortion in the bi-focal transition is hideous with the bi-focal lens ending up in your line of site vision . I bought these for night riding my motorcycle and the quality and customer service is total junk . I tried returning them ... They want me to ship them back at my cost -LRB- cost more than the glasses are worth -RRB- and they wo n't refund me until they are able to resell them ... meaning I will lose the glasses and my money . Look somewhere else and lesson learned with these clowns !!!!
 Good price , usual fast ship though I ordered 2 pairs , only one came . Emails and phone calls to to both the retailer and Amazon have gone unanswered ... C'mon guys - just ship the other pair or offer a credit ; this is n't hard to satisfy the customer on this one ...
 I get these safely glasses hoping to use them for small intricate work but found them to be less then useless . I recommend any kind of head mounted magnifying glass over these if you plan on doing anything more than reading small text .
 Liked the glasses but the rubber nose pads were an issue from day one . They kept sliding off until I finally lost one . Less than a month of use and I 'm not going to buy that brand again
 These went in the drawer when I received them , and I will only use them in a pinch , or let someone else use them ! Very uncomfortable in my opinion - not a good design .
 I liked the premise of bifocal safety glasses and realize that it may take some time getting accustom to using them . My work takes me to the production floor of various manufacturing facilities . I have found it difficult and in some case 's a safety hazard performing normal things such as going up and down stairs . For me , the `` magnifier '' part of these safety glasses is too high . Unfortunately they do not have an adjustable nose bridge or temple setting . So in order to get the magnifier area low enough I need to put them much lower on my nose , which in some sense defeats the purpose of wearing safety glasses in the first place . Another complaint is that the inside edges of the lenses stick out slightly further than the rubber nose piece . After a couple of days of use the bridge of my nose was sore . On the positive side the quality of the lenses are good and had no issues with the seller .
 Nose pads are serrated and bite into your nose . Although the glasses do n't slip , after a short while they leave marks and become irritable . Otherwise , the glass quality and bifocal area are good .
 Very crappy glasses . First time I wore them one of the lenses fell out . Would never order these again .
 hi i purchase the glasses but the way that are made you see the things like if they are in angle and thats some kind a problem espcialy if you are working in wood , maybe yest for reading , in my personal case i dont recomended .
 I ordered a pair of these and there were scratched out of the box so I sent those back and they sent me another pair that were also scratched . Do n't they look at these before they send them . Not very happy with this order . I will return them again .
 Ive had this a couple of years and it really has n't measured up . It can charge quickly but not fast , has no over charge protection , most of the parts are on the low end -LRB- ie wheels , handle , cables , clamps -RRB- . It seems to be twice as large as it needs to be . But the 2 biggest issues with this is the poor performance of the 200-amp start and the cables literally melting every time you use it . I have used this 15 - 20 times over 2 years and the cables have ROTTED off . First the cable insulation would melt and smoke when I used the 40 or 200 amp settings , then , when I could see the wire I realized it was corroded and soon broke . Its obvious the cables were the cheapest they could get away with and thats just dangerous . It makes me question whats inside . I would n't mind all the trim being low end but when you cut corners with the core product thats just not safe .
 This Charger went out does not work I 've used it 3 times and it wo n't work anymore please replace it for a new one .
 Nose pads are serrated and bite into your nose . After a short while , they leave marks and become irritable . Otherwise , the glass quality and bifocal area are good .
 The basic idea of adding the bifocal lens to the glases is good and useful . However , in these glasses , the bifocal lens takes up way too much vertical field of view , so you are constantly looking through the bifocals when you do n't want to , producing a slight blur to your vision . Consequently you find yourself making little ` adjustments ' frequently - shifting your view up or down . After a while this is a pain in the neck .
 Was thrilled to wear these glasses . Was looking for a product like this for a long time.Unfortunately , they broke on the second day of use . A little glue fixed the problem butthe plastic broke a second time the nest day . what crap .
 These glasses are a great idea ; bifocals allow reading in the sun or viewing dash instruments while driving . But frames are quite large and do not stay on your head like Oakley 's or other quality sunglasses .
 Felt comfortable , tint about right , magnification in correct area , good fit for a medium size head & the only thing they are not polarized so they do n't remove very much glare and clarity on the lake is n't very good .
 dropped them once , HUGE scratch right across the center of the lens . These are supposed to be SAFETY GLASSES , which means they will probably be used in a rough environment . do n't bother to buy these unless you want a single-use pair of safety glasses .
 Save your money folks ! This thing is pitiful at best . I knew I would n't get but so much for my forty bucks -LRB- with shipping -RRB- , but my expectations , however low , were lofty compared to reality . This piece of junk gave me little more pressure than a thumb applied to the end of a hose . All I wanted was to address some mildew on my vinyl siding ... not gon na happen with this product . I knew better ... gambled , and lost !
 I would not recommended this product . It does not have enough pressure to wash away anything that a typical water hose nozzle could do .
 I received my -LRB- 2 -RRB- water jets -LRB- one was going to be a gift -RRB- and tried using them , and I just wanted to say what a scam they are running . First every part of both of them leaks and the quote high pressure is laughable , me putting my thumb over the garden hose has more pressure behind it . SAVE your money this prodcut SUCKS
 Not only did this not give the water pressure expected , but the whole buying process was a pain . From the start when orderng off thier website , it wo n't let you just complete the order . I must have gotten 10 additional pages of `` buy this , buy that , this would be a good accessory . '' Just let me order the thing . Then once they got my card number , with in 2 days I had 3 phone calls `` confirming my order '' then signing me up for 30 day trails of other stuff which I would have to call and cancel . Then a month later the order was put in and I got it . If you do get one , find it in a store , DO NOT ORDER OFF THIER WEBSITE !!!!!
 I knew that I was not getting a `` powered washer '' but just a hose with a smaller aperture to generate a slightly higher water pressure . I was disappointed that the washer did not increase my pressure at all . The nozzle only adds aggravation to the ordeal when it fell off the cheap rubber knob . I was unsuccessful in finding it . So now , this `` power washer '' just sits in the corner of my garage collecting dust.Delivery was quick by Amazon by the way .
 I bought the hype from the commercial . Too bad . The product is a complete waste of money . I bought it to spray out the grass and weeds that had grown between the blocks on my patio . I was expecting wonder ... Well , I got wonder . I wondered why the product does n't work as illustrated `` as seen on TV '' . You can get the same pressure from a cheap hose attachment that you can pick up between $ 2 and $ 5 at any store . Just use the `` jet '' on the dial and Save your money !
 First-off , I 'm not a big complainer . In fact , I ca n't remember the last time I reviewed a product . But I felt compelled to warn others of the Water Jet . While the unit itself is ok , the add-ons are junk . The `` free with shipping '' scrub-brush stripped its threads on my very first use -LRB- and I 'm not some moron who tries to force things together -RRB- . The `` free with shipping '' soap dispenser started leaking a huge water spout on its second use . Regarding the unit itself , it did not deliver the results promised on tv . It was very little better , if any , than a standard head on a standard water hose gun . I kept the unit , only because the price of returning it , minus shipping , would have netted me about $ 10 . $ 10 out of the original $ 35 . I 've never been any more dissappointed with a purchase .
 I bought one of these and took it back the next day . Target sells these now as does walgreens . Low water pressure is the problem . I can go to Lowes or the hardware store and buy a brass plug and drill a hole in it and out it on the end of my hose and get the same result as this item for a few dollars .
 I bought the Water Jet Power Washer , hoping that it would replace my big power washer.NO WAY ! If you read other negative reviews , regarding this product , BELIEVE THEM!This product is garbage . SAVE YOUR MONEY , and buy an electric power washer.If this product was selling for a dollar , it would be a dollar wasted !
 This product is a tube that does nothing . Pressure no better than garden hose nozzle . Waste of money . Fan spray is pathetic . Does less for boats than anything else . Do n't waste your money or time .
 picture on amazon is not shiitake , kit did not work out for me
 It was great while it worked . In fact , once I set it up I never had to ever touch it again . Everything worked perfectly until the day came when it stopped working . Now , I 'm so addicted to seeing the current time and the outside temperature on the ceiling ... I 'm going to buy another one.I still do n't like the fact that it 's made in China . I wish I could buy more American-made stuff .
 I love the idea behind this device , and I loved it when it worked . But like with some of the other people commenting here on this product , it did n't work completely when I got it - some of the functions simply did n't function - and the outdoor temperature function stopped working completely after a few months . I had no luck with customer service . If they work on reliability and extend the length of their warrantee , this will be a great gift item .
 When I purchased this product , I wanted an alarm clock that 1 . projected anywhere , 2 . was an automatic clock , and 3 . was an accurate weather forecaster . This did 1/3 of those things -- only the projection . I had issues with getting the correct time because there was a button -LRB- which was difficult to push -RRB- to change time zones and when the correct time zone was found , the clock spent at least 10 minutes getting the information . Secondly , the weather was EXTREMELY INACCURATE ! It came with an additional sensor , so first , I tried putting it by the window , but instead it sensed the temperature that was more less inside my apartment , even if I had changed the settings to outdoor weather or indoor weather . Too bad ...
 This clock will not include the Alaska Time Zone . Doubt that it will even receive the radio signal , unless it is via satellite
 I bought this unit as a replacement unit for the same model that had served me well for five years but quit working . This unit performed as well as the previous unit until about six months ago when only about 50 % of the projected display is able to viewed . It seems that Oregon Scientific is scrimping on the product quality . Not looking for an heirloom product for the price but the average life between the two units is not acceptable . Looking for a similar product with more durabili.ty .
 Do not waste your money on this clock . For starters , the instruction manual that came with the clock is missing important information . Some of the parts on the transmitter are not even mentioned in the manual . Instructions are vague , at best . I consider myself fairly tech-savy and I spent over an hour messing around with the various features trying to get everything working correctly , but still could not get it working right . I had to search the web for information trying to figure out how to troubleshoot the transmitter sending data to the clock . To me the instruction manual looked like a bad Chinese translation since this is where it was made.There is no troubleshooting guide in the instructions . Resetting the clock and the transmitter is a chore . To get the transmitter to even work , I had to remove all the batteries from the clock and the transmitter then replace them again , followed by a recalibration of the clock . Finally the temps started to display on the clock , but unfortunately they were no where near the correct temp . This was completely useless . The time calibrated after a few minutes , which was about the only positive thing about this clock . Also , the backlit LED only works when you press the snooze button , otherwise in the dark you can not read the time unless the projection is on . For the price , this clock is not worth the money . The plastic construction of the clock exhudes a cheap build quality . Perhaps if the instructions were well written the clock would get better ratings .
 I received the ogergon scientific clock and it worked fine for a couple of weeks . The projected image then deteriorated and is now completely illegible .
 WARNING ... WARNING ... WARNING ... I bought a weather station here , and it worked fine for 6 months , , then only the inside temperature and clock worked , all other features were gone.I called Oregon Scientific , and they said ... sorry THE service they were using to sync with the weather station i bought went out of business , and now i have only a $ 100 clock.So any weather stations they sell now DO NOT HAVE THE FULL FUNCTIONS , and since mine is 6 months old ... sorry they have anything to replace it with , and wo n't take it back for another model.IN OTHER BEWARE OF WHAT YOU BUY THAT IS BRANDED `` Oregon Scientific '' ... YOU MAY BE PAYING A LOT OF MONEY FOR A `` CLOCK '' AND NO WEATHER.I guess i am fortunate that i bought it on Amazon , since they are looking into a refund after verfying the info from ... . OREGON UN-SCIENTIFIC
 Just received this today . BIG DISAPPOINTMENT ! One reason I bought it was the ability to display outside temperature . Even though the remote sensor displays the temperature accurately , the `` in/out '' button on the clock will not toggle between indoor and outdoor temperature , so all you can ever see is the indoor temp.I also bought this for the projection feature . According to the book , if you press the snooze button the projector will come on for five seconds . No go . I can not get the projector to work under any circumstance.I will be returning this piece of junk tomorrow .
 Thermo sensor failed after 3 months . Went online but was told sensors are not available , spent over an hour trying to find replacment including calling 3 different phone numbers . Now I have projection clock with dashes where temperature should be.The price was good but the product did not hold up .
 This clock was fine - when it worked . It would have been nice to be able to show the inside temp on the projection , or dim the projection without turning it off , but these were minor quirks . The real problem came when the clock completely stopped working after a little more than a year . When you pay this much for a clock , you expect it to last a little longer than a year .
 Know that the so called ` back-lighting ' only stays on for 5 seconds , and then only when you hit the snooze button . So , you can barely see the clock , even in a well-lit room . The picture shows what it looks like with the back lighting on , not what it looks like most of the time . The projected time is only bright enough to be seen at night ; however , even that is just barely true . I 'm most upset about the backlighting . If I could , I would keep the backlight on all the time .
 We 've owned one of these for about three years . The wireless outdoor thermometer stopped working within the first year , and now the projected display is missing some segments . The weather forecaster says it 's raining sometimes when the sun is shining .
 After a year of use , all displays went out and the clock alarmed continuously . Batteries were replaced and the clock reset . I took the clock back to the local Oregon Scientific retailer and the best they could do for me , after doing what I did at home , was give me a toll-free customer service call number . Needless to say , I have been on hold for nearly thirty minutes now , as I share my frustration with Oregon Scientific 's product and customer service .
 The projection to the ceiling is very poor and fuzzy . I have made numerous attempts to focus the display with no success . In short , this was a dissappointment compared to one I bought from Costco a few years back which stoped working .
 Purchased this item 2 years ago -LRB- Aug 2009 -RRB- and loved it ! Nice , BIG , clear display on the ceiling at night.Recently , the projection display began failing a segment at a time . The time and temperature projector is composed of 7 segment LED digits and the individual segments of digits began failing . Eventually , for some digits a `` 3 '' looked like a `` 1 '' because the the horizontal segments forming the `` fingers '' of the `` 3 '' are dead.The face of the instrument , an LCD with back-light , still shows correct information but the projection display is the reason I bought the thing.If you 're willing to tolerate the short life , it is a great clock . If you expect more value for the money , I ca n't recommend the item .
 This clock is wonderfull when you first get it , the projection is great -LRB- both temp & time -RRB- , it has large numbers and overall is very accurate in the temp . reading . However , after owning 3 in 3 years I am done . At about the year mark , the clock face goes dead , the projection stops projecting and the clock burns out . I have purchased this same model 3 times as I really do love the clock , better than any out there . But its life expectancy is very limited and will now be purchasing another brand . .
 GoodWhat I like is laser projection . It is in big letters and you could swivel it 180 degrees so you could position projection on a ceiling or wall . You could also zoom projection and flip it upside down . Very useful.Bad1 . I bough this unit with intension to use outside termometer inside the house in another room . However , I do not think that both termometers inside the unit and outside one showing temperature correctly . They both show few degrees more than my other simple termometers .2 . It is been more than 4 days and unit still did not established radio connection to sync with atomic clock .3 . In the dark the only possible way to see time is projection on the wall or ceiling . However , would be nice if clock itself had a red display so would function as both projection and regular clockMinor1 . Buttons on a unit too small -LRB- I do not think you r not going to use it after you finish initial setup -RRB- 2 . Snooze button is way too small ...
 Purchased clock at Christmas . Projection did n't work -- after much time on phone waiting to speak to someone , they exchanged clock -- cumbersome return process -- but in about a month got a new clock . Now eight months later the projection stopped so I called Oregon Scientific to learn how to replace bulb or ? Answer was the `` warranty is three months and we ca n't tell you how to change the bulb ? '' Obviously I was amazed and asked how I could then return the clock to working order and was basically told that I was out of luck . Clock is a nice idea -- perhaps someday , someone will build a quality one !
 I got one of these for Christmas last year . It worked for about a week and then lost the ability to communicate with the temperature sensing remote . Tried everything in the manual and web site to get it going again , have emailed customer service a half dozen times with no response at all . It was great while it lasted , but the complete absence of customer support scores a big fat zero in my book .
 Worked 8 months and the projection failed !!!! Shame on Oregon Scientific . Oregon Scientific has yet to make a decent product .
 Looking at this device on the picture , I thought it 'll have the graphics -LRB- i.e. clouds , etc like shown -RRB- but it is plain boring , only shows date/time and in/out temperature . I had to reset it 3 times in order to finally properly project the time AND temperature -LRB- it did n't at first -RRB- . All in all , for the price , it could have been better .
 Aside from a few quirks -LRB- display does not stay on very long and buttons are small and difficult to use -RRB- I found this clock to be a pleasure to own . My wife and I enjoy the projected soft red display on our bedroom ceiling and the convenience of being able to know the time and temp . at a glance . The down side is the quality / life span of the unit itself . As admitted , we do enjoy the clock , however we have replaced it twice after it eventually quit displaying any information on the clock or it 's projection . Although Oregon Scientific makes a fair product , they missed the ball on this one . For the record , we replaced both clocks in a four year period . The second one burnt out over Christmas 2009 after owning it for one year . I will not replace this unit with the same one but a atomic projection clock is a very useful and informative instrument . I 'll report back as to the new one I purchase .
 I had an Oregon Scientific clock for 10 years so when it needed replacing , I ordered another one that was similar but it was supposed to be a better model . The temperature on the sending unit is 6-8 degrees off all the time . The company has been great about support , but we could n't get it working properly . They are taking it back and sending a new one -LRB- the manufacturer , not the seller . I never contacted the seller -RRB- I 'm hoping when the new one arrives , it will be accurate . If so , I will rewrite my review .
 Such a great clock if only it worked ! I never got it to set to the atomic clock so I had to manually set it , it never picked up the correct temperature , and the projection died less than two months in . Too expensive for such a failure .
 It may not matter any more since it is no longer available anywhere , it seems , but the first one I ordered from O S years ago is still working fine . Then I decided to get one for my son and had to hunt it down here on Amazon . The features are just what I wanted and expected so no problem there . This new unit just would not coordinate the projected time with the clock time and if we followed the instructions to force the match by pushing the snooze button it reset the projection to 12:00 every time . Everything else worked fine including the outdoor temp and weather prediction features so we assume that it is another in a long line of manufacturing glitches that this product seemed to be plagued with . Too bad . When it works it works well . Thankful for Amazon 's return policy . Not too impressed with O S customer service or product responsibility .
 I purchased this clock less than a year ago , and already it is not working properly . It no longer projects the time and outdoor temp , and the forecasting lighting keeps flashing between colors ... very distracting when you are trying to go to sleep . Changed the batteries , reset several times , and still the same problems .
 I ordered this for a Christmas present last year . The projection of outside temp is great , however it will not automatically adjust to time in Alaska -LRB- and possible Hawaii as well -RRB- . I called customer service , they said it was because we were too close to the `` pole . '' I 'm bummed that it displays always 1 hour ahead of our actual time , and can not be manually overridden . -LRB- although customer service says it can , it will not work for us . The clock always readjusts to 1 hour ahead . -RRB- Do not order this if knowing the actual time is important to you and you live up in AK . Of course , the temp . / weather feature is nice . All in all , I 'm disappointed and wish they would either replace my clock with one that will work up north , or else reimbursement since it was falsely advertised .
 It arrived and did not work . I called Oregon Scientific , they said they would replace it , if I faxed them the receipt . I did that and have heard nothing . I waited 11/2 hours on their customer service line and got disconnected . Hmmmmm !
 First , I 'd like to say that I did try to contact OS CSvc to see if this was an intermittant issue or a problem with the unit . 5 minutes waiting and I gave up = poor customer service -LRB- I know 5 min is not long but with absolutely no reference to Toubleshooting on their website they should have know to have more reps ansering their phones -RRB- . Out of the box issues before return :1 -RRB- the reading for Spanish read SU , not SP . I spent a lot of time trying to set this up thinking this was the day of the week -LRB- Sunday -RRB- only to realize this was not the day of the week .2 -RRB- Outdoor Temp projection did not work consistently ; read '' -- '' . Unplug and replug did not work / reset . No very low temp outside so there was no reason for this kind of reading . 3rd time in a few days and it went back in the box .3 -RRB- instructions mediocre ; could not figure out how to set the day of the week.Hmm . I thought their products were good but after reading many poor reviews on their products I am now worried about my G'daughters Xmas gift of their electronic globe .
 As with most Oregon Scientific products this unit is cheaply built and horribly unpredictable . I have now tried three different OS products from weather analyzers to atomic clocks and not one of them has worked as advertised . Stay away if you are looking for something that will last .
 I have owned two Oregon Scientific BAR338PA ExactSet Projection Clocks . I initially read one review claiming that these clocks break after about a year or two of use . I ignored this review . My first clock lasted just about 2 years before the projection went dead . I was unable to find a way to fix it . My second clock only lasted about 1 year before the same thing happened . Now it is time to switch brands . I would n't complain if these sold for about 2 dollars a piece , about what they are worth .
 I would NOT recommend this clock . The cord is too short and it only works on the right side of our bed . You also ca n't turn it far enough to project where you want it to . Also , I could care less about the outside temperature feature -LRB- which does n't work -RRB- ... that display 's for far to long vs. the clock .
 I purchased this projection clock from Oregon Scientific -LRB- BAR338Pa -RRB- for my husband 's Christmas present . It arrived defective , but it took two of us post-college adults reading the literature to figure out finally that it was a defective product and not just incorrectly programmed by us . When we finally figured out that the projection part did n't work , I then called the -LRB- 949 -RRB- area code # in the booklet to report the problem and ask for a replacement . Carlos there promised a return authorization email w/in 24 hours and instructions on returning the item . It 's now been 31/2 days and two additional phone calls by me and still no return authorization email . With defective product and unreliable customer service , right now I jsut want my money back so I can try another product , not made by Oregon Scientific.Liza in Utah
 Frustrating !! I live in New York City and I cant get the signal to have the clock set itself . As for the weather forcasts and temperature ? THEY ARE ALWAYS WRONG !! Save your money . This thing is garbage . OH ! and the alarm ? you better be a light sleeper cause a snail makes more noise then this thing .
 I bought one of these clocks for myself and three for other friends and after about a year it goes to a straight line for outside temp . Needs ac adapter for the clock and backlight needs to be illuminated all the time if you want . The inside temp is wrong . It seems to work well otherwise.Henry
 Atomic clock did not receive radio signal . Tried for 3 days . Had to set it manually . Remote sensor did not work unless it was right next to it . Power cable is a huge pain to connect if you plan on using it to travel . Ca n't read the display unless your room is VERY bright . Display light makes an annoying buzz when pressed . Projection works good . Hard to set alarm . Manual sucks .
 I have to give this device two stars ... First of all , no radio.And my biggest complaint
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my dad . I loved the idea of time/temp projection . The problem I had with this clock is the alarm . The alarm is a series of beeps ranging from one beep to multiple beeps . There is no volume control for the beeping , and the beep is not very loud . It is hard to believe that the alarm would wake up anyone . I do n't recommend this product for anyone looking for an alarm clock .
 I purchased this clock for my husband for Christmas and am so very disappointed . We lose power frequently so I thought the self setting feature would be terrific . You must be within 932 miles of Boulder CO for the atomic clock portion to work . If you want an atomic clock and you are in the northeast , look elsewhere .
 I 've owned this clock since fall of 2004 . At first it was AWESOME aside from the annoying high pitch noise when you hit the snooze button to light the clock up and the ultra quiet `` squeek ... squeek ... squeek ... '' of the alarm clock . I bought it because any sort of light keeps me awake and I was sick of covering the display of my old alarm clock each night . This is nice because there is no bright light from the clock aside from the projection on the ceiling , which NEVER kept me awake.After about a year I started having issues with the thing . I had to buy a new outdoor temperature sensor box -LRB- $ 15 or so -RRB- because the display went out on my first one and because it stopped sending a signal to the clock , resulting in annoying display of '' -- . - F '' on my ceiling at night . The new box has since failed in the same ways . The display on the projection part of the clock AND the temperature sensor box started to go out -LRB- it 's to the point where there is no first number and the second number is half gone as well , leaving me only with the minutes displayed -RRB- , and the clock fails to pick up a signal from the temperature sensor even with the temperature sensor sitting right on top of the clock . I ca n't get the clock unit to pick up a signal to set the time now either and the thing has n't even moved in 4 years.It 's fun for awhile and for those who have disposable income . I do n't and I expected a much better product considering this costs ten times as much as the alarm clock that I had for 18 years before trading it in for this $ 50 piece of junk . It 's going into to the trash today .
 I have had the product for over a year . It tells time ok but the outside temperature feature is essentially worthless . The remote sensor only works within about 15 feet of the main unit . I have had other remote thermometers with the remote more than 50 feet away .
 Give me a break , how does a product like this fail after 1.5 years ? It has no moving parts ! I 've had items like this for DECADES .
 Even though the display showed I had an `` adequate '' reception signal the outside temperature displayed was always off by an average of at least 20 . -LRB- yes I had the correct time zone -RRB- The time and date were always correct and the projection onto most surfaces was very good !
 My wife and I loved this clock . We bought two for our family and one for our parents . The first one died -LRB- straight line output -RRB- after about a year and one-half . The second one died less than a year . The projection of the time and display of outdoor temperature while laying in bed is great . We really miss it . Agree with other reviewers that the clock should be able to run continuously on AC power with blue light background . Note to entrepreneur
 I bought 2 of these for Christmas presents both indoor/outdoor weather temps were way off -LRB- 5-10 degrees -RRB- . Never did get signal for outdoor temp . Clock worked great but nothing else . First time to return product to Amazon - they made the return easy . I do not recommend this product . 2 out of 2 with same problem .
 I am on my 3rd clock in 3 years and the projection has failed every time on each of them . Do not buy this product . Not worth it for having to replace it every year . When I bought it there was n't much of a choice on the market . The first time it failed I thought it was related to me knocking it off the nighstand by mistake . If Oregon Scientific gets their act together it would be a great product . I think the great reviews are by people that have n't owned the product for a long time !! I was one of them !!
 After two years of having this clock , it just stopped working all together . I am looking to buy another one this year , but I wo n't buy a Oregon Scientific .
 I received this unit with great expectation and was disappointed . The directions were incomplete . A picture indicated using a regular screwdriver to assemble the parts . The screws functioned as set screws . After some difficulty I realized it was necessary to use a no. 0 phillips screw driver . After attempting assembly with the proper tools and an assistant holding the parts I was unable to move the set screw . ...
 I returned this item as advised by the company 's technical service person . Assembly required removing and reinstalling dozens of tiny screws for which no ordinary screwdriver was available .
 I have purchased two of these Weather Stations and I feel the quality is very poor -LRB- as most China made products tend to be -RRB- . I 've had to return both . The first was defective out of the box , was returned and I purchase the second . Lasted 3 weeks , with the rain gauge quiting and the outside temp/baro showing 80 % humidity with a record rainfall , go figure !!! . The rain gauge only dumps every .04 '' of rain ergo the accuracy of the rain fall suffers . The instruction manual , as stated by the Tech people at Oregon Sientific was Chinese translated by a Russian . My dollars are going elseware . Davis Instruments . My recommendation -- Dont buy !!!
 I was really excited when I purchased this station . It was a little hard to set up as the instruction in some cases made no sense at all.After 2 months the humidity started showing up 30 degrees less then REAL . I called cust service and they said send it in and they would send a replacement.After 2 months I still have not gottin it and they now say MAYBE in 2 more months they will get their shipment - however - it has already been on back order for 5 months.Weather stations are pretty useless with out temp and humidity sensors as they are basically the engine for EVERYTHING.This is a POS piece of equipement .
 After buying this item as at christmas the rain gauge and the outdoor temp sensor quit working . Beware there is only a month warrenty and others have reported the same issues . I thought that `` those problems wo n't happen to me '' now I have a half operating station that is more expensive to repair than to replace . Be sure to read all of the reviews and understand what you are buying .
 I can not recommend this product at all . It failed after a short time , approx 31/2 months . I tried four times to contact their support dept. with NO RESPONSE . When I finally got through , they refused to doing anything about the defective products . -LRB- I should have known ; any product with only a 90 day warranty can not be a quality product -RRB- The product is also badly engineered with irritating features . There is nothing inherently wrong with cable-free products , but this manufacturer is n't making quality products .
 This is a great idea for the home hobbyist weather watcher . Major flaw is the instruction/setup information . No information about how to use this weather station . It sort of tells you how to hook it up but nothing else . It 's not an intuitive setup , in fact it 's very confusing . The worst documentation I 've ever seen and that includes their on-line data . Forget this wireless station - it 's hardly ever works . Go for the wired/cable weather station for more reliable information and ease of use .
 Oregon Scientific WMR968 Cable Free Complete Weather StationPurchased this unit about 2 years ago to replace 9 year old Davis cabled system . Installed the anemometer and temperature/hygro sensor on a pole 10 feet above my roof ridge , the rain sensor in the yard , about 75 yards from the house and any trees . I also purchased an additional indoor sensor.Installation instructions were very poor , installation took awhile , but went OK . Initial readings checked well with a local professional weather station , about 3 miles away.Immediately had problems with sensors quitting and the need to `` reset '' the sensors and/or the main unit . This problem continues . Mounting two of the sensors on the roof was a mistake as weather conditions here greatly influence when you get up to remove the backs of the sensors and do the reset trick.About six months later the temp/hygro was showing unrealistic readings . An e-mail to Oregon Scientific failed to obtain any response . Finally , several phone calls later a return authorization was obtained and the temp/hygro sensor returned . Ten weeks elapsed before the replacement was received . Phone calls indicated that the sensor was `` on backorder '' . The replacement sensor worked OK for about 9 months , when the hygrometer portion began giving wild readings . This obviously destroys any dew point readings as well . Since the warrantee was expired , I ordered a new sensor , which I received in about 5 weeks . Due to weather conditions and back surgery I was unable to climb upon the roof to replace the sensor for about 7 weeks . I removed the sensor and transmitter and reinstalled in a new location , where the sensor would always be in the shade , reachable from a stepladder and the transmitter in the sun . The temperature readings were good and humidity readings strange . I checked the sensor with a sling psychrometer and psychrometric chart and found the dry bulb readings within 1 deg . F and the humidity readings 19 % low . A phone call to the vendor indicated that the replacement part only had a 30 day warrentee , so I was s.o.l.About the same time the anemmometer started acting up , sometimes showing a reading and other times dashed lines . Again , doing the reset trick worked and finally did not work , altho the LED continued to blink about every 10 - 15 seconds . A phone call revealed that the sensor was `` probably '' faulty . This was ordered along with the temp/hygro sensor . Installing the new anemometer failed to correct the problem , so the apparently the transmitter is bad.The rain guage also has problems . The debris screen just sits in the cup and winds blow it out . It is now held in with a couple pieces of tape . Despite the fact that the tipping bucket seems well sealed in the base of the funnel , spiders get in the base a build web between the bottom and the tipping bucket , so the tipping bucket will not move . Fortunately , it is mounted on a post about 8 feet above the ground and can be serviced via a stepladder . Birds also perch on the rim of the rain guage and provide do-do that is partially caught by the screen , but needs to be cleaned monthly , otherwise the do-do works through the screen and clogs the drip hole . When it is working , the rain readings pretty well agree with a static rain guage and the local weather station . Again , this unit has needed the reset trick also.The extra indoor sensor seems to work OK , but has needed the rest trick a three times.My neighbor has a similiar weather station , some strange brand , he purchased from WalMart almost three years ago , for half the price of this unit and has experianced almost no problems.I will not sink any more money into this piece of junk and will probably take it on my next deep-sea fishing trip and drop it overboard.My plan is to replace it with a Davis unit , my only decision is whether to purhcase a cabled system or a cable free system.I certainly would NOT recommend an Oregon Scientific product of any kind to anyone . If you want to take a chance and buy one , make sure to mount the sensors where they can be reached with a stepladder .
 I thought I was purchasing a weather station made in America . Turns out I could not follow the meager instructions due to the translation . The transmitter for the rain gauge would not transmit . The outside temperature probe began with accurate temperatues but in two weeks started reading a maximum of 133 degrees farenhieght to a flat line of nothing . The baromoter never did register correctly . The web site was not friendly to navigate inside . I expected I was getting a precision weather instrument but my expectations were not met . I am very disipointed in this product .
 I purchased this weather station because I wanted one that would give me wind speed and direction in addition to temperature and humidity . It 's great . I was concerned that the wireless feature would not work well at the advertised distance , but discovered that it works beyond that . I 've not used the rain gauge because there 's not much rain in the desert , but I 'll probably hook it up for the late summer monsoons.Checking my reviews I found this one that needs updating . The station lasted about six months and quit working all together . I replaced it with a Davis Vantage Pro2 . The Davis is more money , but I 've had no problems and it 's a MUCH better station .
 I thought Oregon Scientific was a reputable name and believed this unit would provide a lot of interesting weather information for our specific location . Not so . It was time-consuming to set up and the batteries need to be changed every 6 months . This involved unscrewing many extremely small screws from each unit and then attempting to reset them all units with the main unit nearly simultaneously . The units are outdoors and it 's easy to lose the tiny screws if dropped in the yard.Our unit worked for a little over 6 months . Customer support was not helpful . I am making a mental note to never buy another Oregon Scientific product . The time and money we lose for such a few months was definitely not worth it .
 I normally take time to thouroughly investigate a product before I buy . The user comments section is a great tool . However , I was in a hurry this time , trying to make up my Christmas gift list to the wife , and put the Oregon Scientific WMR968 Weather Station at the top . Great Looking unit , right?Received the gift and anxiously installed with new lithium batteries . To my disappointment , the transmitter for wind and direction does not work . So , I naively leave emails with customer support . After days of no response , I try calling the 800 number . Thats useless -LRB- all circuits are busy -RRB- . So , I find their direct number . Each time , I get a person that is honestly in over their head to answer a telephone . Answer is always the same ; someone will call you back in 24 hours . Hah!I 've come to the conclusion that my Christmas gift is a $ 200 piece of junk and not worth wasting any more of my time emailing , calling , and waiting for a company that obviously has no interest in `` customer Support '' . My only recourse is to share my experience with anyone that will listen and hopefully avoid this company like the plague . Anyone looking for a slightly used piece of junk , ` er Christmas gift ?
 My new weather station arrived today . My previous Oregon Scientific base station got blown out in a power surge . I was happy with it , so I bought this as a replacement . Set it up . Dared to move the indoor sensor 15 feet away from the base station , and within minutes , the base station lost signal . Dared to move the OUTDOOR sensor onto the back porch , and within minutes the base station lost signal . I have n't even BOTHERED to set up the anemometer or rain gauge . If the base station ca n't read from one end of my living room to the other , I ca n't imagine how it could be considered a wireless weather station , unless we 're talking the `` weather '' on my desk . My house is NOT lead lined , nor does it have any OTHER reasons why this unit should not be able to read its remote units from 15-30 feet away , and yet it has failed repeatedly . I regard it as a total waste of money.A WEEK LATERThree days after I wrote this review , the base station inexplicably picked up signals from all of the remote sensors . I had a spark of hope ! I powered up the rain gauge and set it out in the yard and used a watering can to simulate rain . The base station picked it up ! It even started reading from the anemometer from my previous Oregon Scientific set-up . It still loses signals far more often than the older system , but I have to say that I 'm changing my thinking . I ca n't explain why it started working , but it did , and that 's the point . And I join everyone else in saying the manual is worthless . Use the Radio Shack one .
 The WMR968 was shipped defective . Amazon . COM was excellent in sending a replacement unit . The manufacture did n't return my e-mails or voice messages until 4 + weeks later . I would highly recommend Amazon , would not recommend this manufacture.The WMR968 does a good job at tracking the weather .
 I could have had 8 -LRB- yes EIGHT -RRB- of a different system and had a better deal . The rain gauge does not work the way it should and the history is terrible on the whole thing . The whole system worked for only one year and even during that year parts of it would not read out . I followed all instructions , even though the manual is seriously lacking . The limited return policy should tell you everything you need to know . They want you to buy it and be done with you . I have a system that I paid just $ 25 dollars for about 5 years ago and IT still works . I 'll stick with that brand and avoid EVERYTHING from Oregon Scientific like the plague .
 I bought this item from Amazon about 2 years ago . Worked great for year and a half . Slowly some signals would not be picked up by the base station . I reset the sender and reciever numerous times , changed batteries etc. . The rain gauge may have had a faulty seal as there was water in the battery compartment . Just spoke to Oregon Sci customer service to tell them this ... basically they said to replace the unit . Just reset outdoor temp again as it would work for few hours and not show on reciever . Speinding $ 200 for 2 years of signals is a bit much ...
 Purchased this weather station over a year ago . Due to weather of course a piece of the `` Vertical Attachment Bracket '' and the `` Versatile Base '' piece broke . I called Customer Service to purchase replacement parts and the young lady -LRB- who was very nice and understanding -RRB- said they do n't have replacement parts . They only sell replacement sensor units . This not the first phone call she 's received and you could tell she herself is frustrated with the company . She said `` China owns the company and does not send them replacement parts , only replacement sensors can be purchased '' . I said that 's not China 's fault that Oregon Scientific 's fault , she said `` China owns Oregon Scientific '' , she has tried to get replacement parts for customers several times before and that 's what they tell her and she works for their Customer Service . So this $ 300 weather station almost useless since I ca n't attach the sensor to the station . -LRB- all sensors attach to this piece -RRB- I WILL NEVER , EVER PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT FROM OREGON SCIENTIFIC , INC again . If you read this take heed.NEVER EVER PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT FROM OREGON SCIENTIFIC , INC.NEVER EVER PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT FROM OREGON SCIENTIFIC , INCNEVER EVER PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT FROM OREGON SCIENTIFIC , INCNEVER EVER PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT FROM OREGON SCIENTIFIC , INCNEVER EVER PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT FROM OREGON SCIENTIFIC , INCNEVER EVER PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT FROM OREGON SCIENTIFIC , INCNEVER EVER PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT FROM OREGON SCIENTIFIC , INCNEVER EVER PURCHASE ANY PRODUCT FROM OREGON SCIENTIFIC , INC
 The outdoor temp/humidity sensor failed within the warranty . However , the company has been stalling on replacing it . Their excuse
 Oregon Scientific is purely a marketing company . I 've been `` experiencing '' their shoddy products for nearly 10 years now . If you look at their executive staff , it 's all people with sales and marketing experience -- no one seriously technical or product oriented . This product shows it . As most reviews have indicated , if your a cash-poor amateur with some technical skills , this can be made to perform reasonably well in what I consider the short term . What happens a year or two down the road when the solar-sensors and the poor connectors fail I do n't know . Also , it 's not made for any kind of serious weather . The rain gauge obviously has no heater so you wo n't get anything in the snowfall department . As has been indicated , the anemometer reports windspeed on a whimisical basis . Overall , this is a pleasant enough toy if you feel like playing with toys . If you want a weather instrument , go with a real one .
 The unit is somewhat disappointing . The 1st humidity gage we had stopped working and the 2nd is wildly inaccurate . The screen on the unit stays backlit for only a few seconds even with the power plugged in . This makes it hard to read unless you want to press the display every time you want to see something . The directions are useless ; if you ignore them and just use common sense it is pretty easy to set up if you know the following tricks
 For the price , this product has turned out to be extremely mediocre . I decided to purchase the weather station as a gift based upon the outstanding reputation of Oregon Scientific . While , the indoor/outdoor temperature gauge as well as the barometer have worked flawlessly , the rain and wind gauge have never worked correctly -LRB- not from lack of trying -RRB- . Based upon a price of $ 400 , I expect all the instruments to function flawlessly -LRB- assuming proper installation , of course -RRB- . This simply has n't happened . There are any number of less-expensive competing weather stations on the market that offer the indoor/outdoor temperature gauge and barometer . I spent the extra money on this product for the additional features of the rain and wind gauge . Since these features have never worked properly , I would not recommend this product .
 Received product and could not get several units to communicate with master unit . Called customer service as the instructions are lacking and poorly writen . Customer service had me on hold for more than 30 min . until my cell phone 's battery went dead . Returned unit .
 I bought this unit about 4 years ago and could only get the temperature and humidity gauges to work correctly . It was impossible to get the wind gauge to work correctly because it seems you need robotic laser leveling on all planes to have it perfectly level . It would spin and and measure at about 1/4 of actual speed . The same goes for the rain gauge . I tested it by spraying water from the garden hose in a shower pattern and it registered nothing . When it rained I went out and looked inside and saw that the see-saw measuring aparatus was working , yet I got no reading . All components were communicating with the base station so I have no idea why these two would not work . For rain measurment I went back to my graduated plastic rain gauge that I hang on the fence and for wind speed I guess by looking at the trees and I stick a wet finger in the air or toss a few blades of grass in the air for direction .
 I bought this unit about 2 years ago . I had to return the initial unit because it did not work correctly -LRB- thanks to Cabellas customer service -RRB- . The second unit worked well for a while -LRB- yes it was a long set-up -RRB- , but we were happy with it . The rain guage stopped working pretty early on , as did the humidity/weather condition sensor . However , the 2 parts we used most , which were the temperature readings in and out and the anemometer , seemed to work very well until we hit the 2 year mark . Then the whole unit went out and no matter of new batteries , reset , or anything else will make the unit function . It might be inexpensive for a weather station , but $ 240 is not cheap by my standards to have the product only last for 2 years . Not sure that I can recommend it . Too bad , because I think Oregon Scientific usually puts out a good product .
 I 've had this model for about 5 years now and finally got tired of hassling with it . So I bought a top of the line wired Davis Pro2 which I 'm in the process of installing . After having this I would never trust a wireless set up again . Given I live in Phoenix and our weather is a bit more extreme than most places your experience may vary . I 've had to replace the battery packs several times , the first rain collector crumbled to dust and was replaced under warranty -LRB- imagine weather sensors that are n't weather or solar proof . . -RRB- Two sensors sending units have been replaced and the wind sender has kept dropping out of the sensor loop every time a storm comes up . Fixing it requires climbing the ladder , removing 6 small Phillips screws so you can get to the reset button inside . This has been about a monthly problem during the summer and this is the newest sender I have . . I did this a few weeks ago only to have it drop out of the loop again 3 days later . At that point I said the heck with it . Besides the hardware problems , it is n't that accurate , the rain gauge is too small and does n't register light rain . Mine does n't measure the humidity correctly and the highest wind gust it has ever measured was 29 mph which is way low . I paid a lot more for the unit I bought on sale than they are selling it for now . I 've experienced about every problem that everyone else has mentioned.I belong to the Weather underground , Citizen Weather Observer Program and have my own weather website , so I might be a bit more serious about having a system that works correctly 24/7 with out a lot of hassle . If you ca n't afford a Davis or a peetbro 's I 'd recommend a manual rain gauge -LRB- the bigger the diameter the better , btw you must melt snow to measure the water content -RRB- and one of those indoor outdoor clocks with the temperature , in the long run it will work as well as this and be less hassle . Or this La Crosse has better reviews , I have no experience with it.The Weather Channel WS-2310TWC Professional Weather Station
 I bought the WMR968 2/10/2005 and as of today ,2 / 14/2007 , only the indoor Baro-Therm-hygro still works . The Anemometer was replaced under warrenty 11/2005 . This service took 2 months to complete with Oregon Sci . The anemometer then quit 12/2006 and Oregon Sci . said tough luck it 's out of warranty . The Thermo-Hygro quit 2/2007 and once again , tough luck.My thoughts on the unit besides it not functioning after 2 years
 We have had this weather station for a year now an more times then not there are absolutely no readings ! I only get an indoor reading , which I could get from my thermostat ! We have reset it , messed with the sensors , moved it around the house in many locations with a direct site on the outdoor sensors and still no readings . Its very frusterating when its a hurricane outside and you ca n't get any wind readings . This junk cost me a couple of hundred dollars and was a very dissapointing birthday present for my husband ! Also I called customer service and was on hold for over a hour and still never got a human to talk to for help ! Do n't buy this product !!!
 I have owned the WMR-968 for several years now and have spent more on ` replacement ' parts than if I had bought an entire new unit . Primarily , the solar transmitter on the rain gauge continually fails to bring the charge up to enough power for the transmitter to transmit back to the base . I have replaced this transmitter unit three times -LRB- twice with the ` new ' style -RRB- . Living in the Phoenix area , we do n't run into too many cloudy or rainy days , but as soon as it does n't get sunlight for any length of time , the display reads all dashes -LRB- not receiving a signal -RRB- . So when it rains here , I usually do n't get a reading of how much because this thing stops working . The anemometer is mounted on the same pole just above the rain gauge with the both of the solar transmitters also mounted on the same pole . The anemometer works consistently and fine . Both OS and the local distributor say the distance is too far , the unit must have gone bad and needs replacement , etc. , etc. . Replacing the solar unit did n't help and the distance ca n't be too far for one unit and not the other . No one can help with this issue . So my suggestion would be to spend the extra bucks and get something more reliable .
 Go to -LSB- ... -RSB- , click on personal weather stations then click on the google maps link . Looking at either the temperature or dew point readings look around on the map for stations whose readings look way off . 9 times out of 10 it will be a wmr968 . This is easily the worst weather station ever made , and it is polluting weather data all over the country . For your sake and for the sake of people who may refer to your weather data , please do n't buy this truly horrible product .
 Answer
 My system is installed in a hot humid climate -LRB- Bahamas -RRB- within 200ft of the ocean . It was working perfectly for 7 month . Then , one after the other , the following parts failed :1 . Humidity ~ 7mos2 . Temperature ~ 9mos3 . Wind Speed -10 mos4 Wind Direction -12 mosAll units installed inside and the rain gage continue to operate.Obviously the WMR968 is not designed for this environment . So it makes no sense to keep replacing parts . I plan to dump the WMR968 and replace it with a more reliable weather system.ADDENDUM 9/2012I replaced it with Davis Instruments Vantage Pro2 Weather Station -LRB- Wireless -RRB- . This product is more reliable , The battery had to replaced after 18 month and the wind sensor went bad after 2 years .
 Do n't waste your time or money . If you want a Weather Station that gives accurate readings , buy the Davis . It can be found for not much more than this trash.The readings on the Oregon are all over the map .
 One star is the lowest rating I can give this system and it 's frankly not worth even that . Problems start with the design . You have to take out eight tiny little screws to insert the backup batteries or plug in a sensor cable into the nifty looking `` solar powered '' sender unit , which has to be placed somewhere in full sunlight for it to function at all . Once you 've mounted the unit on your roof , you have to remove those pesky little screws on the roof , in the freezing wind usually , several times a winter . Or wait for Spring and nice weather when you do n't need to know if you can expect black ice on your early morning drive to work.Sometimes resetting the base station works -LRB- which you have to place inconveniently so that the unit has direct line of sight communication . Usually not . OS Sales has it advertised at 300 feet , but actually something less than forty if your batteries are more than a day old -LRB- see battery change procedure above -RRB- . By the way , there is a backup nicad battery in the unit , supposedly kept charged by the impressive solar power collector . This will fail because it rapidly loses capacity due to a poor discharge recharge cycle . If any of these three fail , the unit wo n't function.Strangely enough , my rain gauge -LRB- I live in the desert -RRB- has continued to function for over a year with little attention . However , the temp/humidity sensor which I would like to refer to most often , is what fails every night . I 'd like to replace the Nicad battery , but ca n't find one anywhere.Ahem . Customer Service and the lack of it . I do n't know how many emails I 've sent . Or calls I 've placed . Or time I 've spent listening to the backside of the Oregon Scientific hold button . Their website only lists complete systems in the replacement parts category . While assumptions can be dangerous , my only option seems to be to scrap $ 300 worth of two-year old hardware and buy more , and more , and more.This was a well-intended gift . I 'm trying to make it work . but it does n't , usually when I need it most .
 I am in the process of installing this weather station and the instructions omit about 60 % of the important stuff such as the following
 I love the product , price is right ... BUT quality is POOR and SERVICE is even worse !!!!!!!!!!! I have had two of these units over the past 3 years in San Diego CA and have had numerous sensors break and main unit malfunction . The service department at Oregon Scientific is very hard to get ahold of , it took 4 calls and 2 emails and I got a response after 4 days !!! Again I love the weather station , and maybe you get what you pay for at that price .
 I bought it , but it became crazy . Still , this is time I do n't know buy . I would suggest not to buy it
 I 'm training for a marathon and to minimize leg/feet stress & maximize cross-training , I was looking for something to do ` pool running ' with.This product may have its uses , but water jogging is n't one of them ! You have to straddle the item and hold it with your hands , which means no arm swinging.If you 're looking for something for ` pool running ' , my advice is to avoid this item : -LRB-
 This thermometer/hygrometer is highly usable , with great base/remote reception , easy setup , and nice ergonomics . Unfortunately , the important bit , i.e. - the actual MEASUREMENT of temperature and humidity , is complete nonsense . I sat the base station and remote monitor right next to each other for a couple of hours , changed the RF channels , changed the monitor position/orientations , and they never even vaguely reflected the same temp/humidity - there was always at least a 5 degrees -LRB- F -RRB- and 5 percentage points of humidity differential , although they should be pretty much identical ! I followed the owner 's manual recommendations for synching them more frequently , and it made zero difference . Even worse , when you put the monitors outside and let them sit out there for an hour or so , they are still WAY off in their measurements of temp and humidity versus Accuweather , NWS , and Weather.com . In my measurements at home on my 12th-floor balcony , a mile from midtown Manhattan , both the base monitor and remote were always at least 8 degrees -LRB- too high -RRB- and ten percentage points of humidity -LRB- too low -RRB- off from the consensus reading from the presumable `` reference '' data compiled by numerous high-end , science-grade weather stations . Ironically , my $ 10 oven thermometer I just bought for Thanksgiving is pretty much dead-on with the reference temperature measurements , while this so-called `` weather station '' averages almost 10 degrees off and 15 humidity points off !! If Amazon wants to be a responsible retailer , it should stop selling this thing until Oregon Scientific works out the bugs . I 'm not some weather nutjob - I just wanted this gizmo to measure humidity in my baby 's nursery during the dry winter months , but I was very disappointed . I think I 'll stick with the old school , analog `` piles of dials '' approach .
 I purchased this as a x-mas gift for my busband . We both thought it was pretty cool and useful . . BUT within 6 months the remote sensor stopped working -LRB- it was telling us that it was 138 degrees F -RRB- . Silly me I figured that something at this price point would still be covered under warantee . Not so . OSI is saying we need to buy another remote sensor . IF we do purchase it , then it will be the last things we ever buy of OSI products.My suggestion . . save your money or buy someone else 's !
 I received what was clearly a piece of returned merchandise . There were no instructions in the box , the box was worn as if it had been opened multiple times and the batteries were already installed , and dead , in the base unit . Since I live in a rural location I opted to give it a try and fresh batteries seem to see it working OK . We 'll see if the date/time updates before I decide to keep it . Fortunately the controls are fairly intuitive but a lack of instructions is a dissapointment .
 I purchased this product several years ago with 2 remote sensors . While one works fine , the second will not transmit and efforts to contact Oregon have been unseccesful .
 This clock is terrible . I purchased for my husband for Christmas it stopped working today July 20 . We got almost 7months out of it .
 This product is useless at night when the projection does n't work . After only being used for one month , the projection has failed . Do n't waste your money , avoid the hassle of going to the post office to return this product . I guess you get what you pay for .
 No longevity for this cheap , plastic clock . The projection feature worked okay , the time was accurate , but after maybe 15 months the digital bars on the projection lights started going out . Now the projection shows numbers like `` 3:77 '' and other illegible junk . Choose another clock .
 Absolutely loved this clock in every respect , and was especially fond on the projection feature -- which is why I bought it in the first place , so am sad to say that after only about two years of use that projection feature died out . Annoying .
 Not very bright !!!!! I also have a 6 lumen Inova Microlight and it 's much , much brighter and smaller !! Good luck trying to find your way with this maglite .
 This alarm clock is nearly impossible to set . I took it into the store where we had purchased it and the sales staff could not figure it out . Not intuitive to operate . Great projection but the clock malfunctioned -LRB- projection stopped -RRB- and now lives in the recycle bin in the county dump . Do n't waste your money .
 The only problem is the alarm is so weak it is not usable .
 The clock is great . My son has one from Discovery Store and loves it and it does a lot of things well . I bought one for my nephew through this Amazon link and they never sent it . My inquiry generated an email that everyone in their company was fired for doing a bad job and we would get a credit !! Discovery 's price is higher but it is still a good deal for $ 30 and at least you actually get the clock .
 The shipping was more than the price of the clock . Also , I live in Alaska & the clock is programmed to a time zone , it does n't have an AK zone . I have to subract an hour when I look at the clock . Quite honestly , after paying the outrageous shipping fees I just decided to keep the clock and hope I move to one of the main US times zones some day and have the right time on my ceiling .
 The Alarm on this is so quiet it wo n't even wake the dogs up . the time can only be projected about 2 feet and then you ca n't see it . I need an alarm that can wake the dead . Seriously though the alarm sounds just like the alarm on my watch , except quieter .
 I BOUGHT THIS BASICALLY FOR MY MOTHER WHO CA N'T READ THE CLOCK AT NIGHT WHEN SHE WAKES UP . I SAW IT AND THOUGHT IT WAS PLEASING TO THE EYE AND THE WAY IT WAS DESCRIBED WOULD PROJECT THE TIME ON THE CEILING OR A WALL . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY !!! WE SPENT ABOUT A HOUR TRYING TO FIRST FIND THE TINY RED DOT THAT WAS SUPPOSED TO BE THE TIME DISPLAY , BUT REALLY IT WAS A BLUR . THEN WE THOUGHT IT WAS ON THE WRONG ANGLE , SO WE TRIED EVERY WHICH WAY TO SEE IF IT COULD BE SEEN ON THE WALL VS CEILING . AT THE END WE PACKED IT ALL UP AND IT WENT BACK . WHAT A WASTE !!
 Went to change the time . Fall back . Buttons did n't work . Had it less than a year . Do n't know why they had to go R2D2 with the style . Only works in one specific spot and at one specific height -LRB- while it worked -RRB- .
 We 've had this clock for a couple of years . The buttons stick out in the front , and a light accidental bump and your clock will change time zones or modes , and you wo n't wake up in the morning . I would not depend on this clock to wake you up . Also , the projector is on the fritz and needs to be bumped to come on , if it does at all .
 This is a great clock during the warrenty period . The issue is if something goes wrong after the warranty , like in my case some of the LCD digits began to black out . When this happens Oregon does not offer any type of repair option and according to Oregon , they expect the LCD to only last 2-3yrs . So basically any clock you buy from them is a throwaway after the warranty has expired and you are in need of repair .
 After reading all the great reviews we bought this clock for our 8 yr old . We were unable to get the projection to work and had to return it . We are out of pocket for the shipping expenses although the refund for the faulty clock was prompt.Had high hopes but will be looking for a replacement clock .
 I really enjoyed this clock for the couple years I 've had it , but the numbers are fading and I can no longer read them on the ceiling . In Addition , Oregon Scientifics ' customer service is lousy . They wo n't respond to emails on the web site and when I visited their store at Bridgeport Village in Portland Oregon the guy working there was extremely rude . I doubt I will replace it . It 's still working as an atomic clock , but the projector is useless!Oh , and the alarm buzzer is really obnoxious and gets faster and faster the longer it takes you to get to it to turn it off . If you want to wake up in a frenzy , then this is a clock for you : oO
 Clock does all that is claimed , EXCEPT , it will not accept anything farther west than Pacific Time . SO , if you are anywhere but in the lower 48 time zones , you are SOL .
 We only had it for couple of months and projection stopped working . Then it became useless for us . Projection clock is a greatest idea which even gave me better sleeps since I do n't have to move to check the time . It is unfortunate that is such a short life product .
 I received this clock as a Christmas present from my grandmother the Christmas before last , and it 's served its purpose well . But , I think I 'm going to buy another clock to supplement it.The Good stuff : The clock is battery powered , so I 've only had to wait for it to set itself two or three times when the batteries were taken out . -LRB- It 's still running on the batteries it came with over two years ago , by the way . -RRB- The projection feature is really cool , at night when you can see it . It is pretty small , so it can fit just about anywhere - I have mine on a windowsill . The projector makes for a display much larger than a normal digital clock . And of course , not ever having to manually set the clock , even after the power goes out , is really nice.The Bad stuff : A minor annoyance with this clock is that the official US observatory time is consistently two to three minutes slower than everyone else 's time . Rather than the usual digital clock makings - LED segment display and real speaker for the alarm , this clock is made of supersized digital watch material . The face is an oversized LCD panel -LRB- think digital watch LCD , not laptop LCD -RRB- , and is impossible to read except when it 's illuminated -LRB- either by the backlight or daylight -RRB- , and you 're looking at it straight on from a couple of feet . The projector is -LRB- understandably -RRB- underpowered such that any ambient light at all washes it out to the point that it ca n't be seen . So , unless you carry it around with you or keep your windows covered by black curtains , it 's almost completely useless during the day . Worse , though , than the display , is the alarm . Rather than a speaker , the clock has an oversized piezzo buzzer . -LRB- Once again , think oversized digital watch . -RRB- The crescendo alarm does n't crescendo , it subdivides - `` chirp ... . chirp ... . chirpchirp ... . chirpchirp ... . chirpchirpchirp ... . chirpchirpchirp ... . chirpchirpchirpchirpchirpchirpchirpchirpchirp ... '' ad nauseum . The lack of real crescendo means that light sleepers like me can literally have hit the snooze button before the second chirp . Which brings up another complaint - the snooze is only eight minutes , so you really do n't get much of a snooze.In short : This is a good clock to have around , but not as a main wakeup alarm . The battery power and automatic setting are very convenient , and combined with its relatively small size , would make it a good travel alarm clock . However , unless the thought of waking up to a glorified digital watch everymorning appeals to you , I would recommend buying it as a second clock , to set your other clocks by , use as backup during power outages , and just if you want another clock in the house . I like having this clock around , but I think I 'm going to have to supplement it with another , one with a better alarm .
 EDITED TO ADD : UPDATE
 I decided to risk buying this clock in May - despite several reviewers ' remarks about their clock 's projector lights failing after a brief period of use . Yup . After about ten weeks of use , mine stopped working too . The idea of a projector clock is compelling , but this product truly disappoints . Take your money to a casino -- your chance of success is probably going to be better than putting cash down on a clock of this ilk .
 This product was incredibly disappointing and misleading ! I 'm not sure how this product ever earned the stars it earned already .1 -RRB- The clock is incredibly small . This was not a problem , so long as the clock itself was back lit . In order to see the time at night , you have to push the button EVERY SINGLE TIME to see what time it is . When my clock is out of reach , it is problematic to have to nearly get out of bed just to see what time it is .2 -RRB- The projector does work , but ONLY if the clock is pointing away from you and only points in one direction . It is not adjustable . Just like the issue with the back lit display , you can only see the time projected if you push the button . AND only with the clock facing away from you.What sense does this make ? I did contact the seller and they not only refunded my money but also paid to have it shipped back .
 The clock is accurate and easy to use . The design is sleek . However , the projection feature stopped working after only two weeks .
 It took ages to arrive as had to come from USA . What seemed like a bargain was n't once import duty and P&P ; was added . To make matters worse the alarm does n't work - so not much use as an alarm clock!Hardly worth returning it to USA for a refund or new one due to postage but will try to get refund through my credit card . Do n't bother with thisOregon Scientific RM313PNA Self-Setting Projection Alarm Clock with Indoor Thermometer , Blue
 I was very disappointed when I received this clock after reading all the reviews about it and seeing it was a top seller . I bought a competing clock 2 years ago from Amazon and accidentally dropped it and wanted to replace it with the same clock.at the same price . . $ 20 ... but the clock is no longer available at Amazon -LRB- Emerson Research -RRB- . It had a much more powerful projector , able to swivel , spin it , had HUGE nite glow numbers , also a radio and auto time set ... . This junky little thing from Oregon Research is tiny ... cheap construction and tiny buttons . It also has a tiny projection feature with no flexibility in viewing angles , and of course it does n't have a radio . I ca n't believe this is a top seller on Amazon . I would buy the Emerson -LRB- sold at Target -RRB- for the same price hands down . -LRB- Oh by the way , the satellite time setting feature of the Oregon unit did n't work either -RRB- . I have returned the unit . Do yourself a favor ... keep looking !
 The numbers on the clock it 's self are not all that big . Also if you wear glasses forget seeing the numbers on the ceiling .
 Loved this clock until the projected LEDs started disappearing , and the time on the wall began looking like the cover to The Police 's `` Ghost in the Machine . '' Whatever other features it may have notwithstanding , I bought it for the projected clock , and I 've wasted my money .
 The projection feature is awesome . The convenience of the clock setting itself is why I was happy to have this for my 9 yo . However , it only acknowledges the main 4 US timezones so it wo n't work for travel or us , because we 're in Hawaii . What 's the point of a clock in which it does n't tell the correct time ??
 It is not easy to set time for international zones , where I live . US times are not a problem . It can not use rechargeable batteries and that is not acceptable . I returned it the day it arrived .
 I owned this clock for several years , despite not really liking it . The projector worked fine , but was n't adjustable at all . But the worst problem with it is setting the alarm ... there 's just nothing intuitive about it . There are no dedicated hour/minute buttons -- and the buttons that are there are poorly labeled . So you 'd better keep the instructions handy.The projector on mine finally died , so I bought the Philips AJ3600 and am so much happier with it . The buttons are infinitely more intuitive , and the projector is adjustable . The Philips also has a 2nd alarm and a radio .
 Bought two of these for my kids , they look cool but the functionality is weak . The atomic clock set feature is constantly off and clock re-sets to incorrect times . The snooze on the alarm could be described as difficult at best , and the projection is not impressive . Also , good luck trying to tune and set radio stations . They were n't worh sending back and I am sure they will be 50 cent items at the first yard sale of the summer .
 The current version of the Oregon Scientific RM313PNA clock does not work in Hawaii.It automatically sets the time which I found surprising as we are way more than 1500 miles from Colorado.It does not have the ability to recognize HST Hawaii Standard Time Zone and I ca n't turn the automatic setting off in this current version.The clock recognizes PST but not HST . The older version prior to this update worked fine in Hawaii but this current version does not.So we subtract 2 hours in winter and 3 hours in Summer only tricky part is at the transiting it take about 22 hours to update , I usually switch it to HSTthen I know it updated!Contacted Oregon Scientific and they do not have a fix on this new model .
 Bought three of these to use on a pontoon boat . Thought it would kill two birds with one stone . Was dissappointed to find that the seat on all three of them caved in . These are all less than 6 months old and were not overloaded .
 This product was a big disappointment . It 's not able to receive the US Atomic Clock signal in south Florida -LRB- Miami -RRB- . I have tried it at several locations in Miami . It has also problems to receive signals from the remote sensor when it 's placed more than 20 feet from the main unit . A friend and me bought one each and both units have the same problems . You can not even switch from F to C on the main unit , something that you can do on every digital thermometer I have seen , even on a $ 5.00 thermometer . No , I will return this thermometer , it is a bad product .
 I have had this one for several years . Only recently , after buying another Oregon Scientific hygrometer for another room , did I realise that their hygrometer gauges are pure fantasy , they vary , between them , by up to 20 per cent -LRB- i.e. one says 35 % the other 57 % -RRB- .
 -LSB- ... -RSB- , we were unable to ever get the ExactSet clock to work . We sat it next to a -LSB- ... -RSB- radio shack exact time clock , and the radio shack clock set itself within five minutes , while the Oregon Scientific clock could n't pick up a strong enough signal after five days . In addition , the wireless reception was unreliable .
 Living In Belgium , I have the European version of this unit -LRB- degrees C , and synchronises with the atomic clock in Frankfurt -RRB- . Apart from that , identical units , I assume.Fist of all , the remote and base station do n't communicate with each other very well . When I set them side by side , and instruct the base to find the remote , then no problem , they synchronise with each other , and the remote 's weather conditions are displayed on the base station . However , when they are separated by a distance of 6m/20ft , the connection is lost . The unit is only 2 months old , so I hope that battery depletion is not the problem . In any case , no battery low indication is displayed , by either the base or remote unit.In my opinion , the design is not very good . For example , why does the remote have a LED to indicate when data is being transmitted to the base station , and so depleting the battery in the process ? Better to have used an icon on the built-in display . Also , to display the local and remote weather conditions , a button has to be pressed to select one of the two . Further , the base station allows up to four remotes to be used . Why should I have to press the station button five times to cycle through the base station and all four remote , even if only one remote is being used ? I would guess that the use of one remote is the most common scenario , so why was the system designed in this way?There is also a temperature/humidity alarm . However , it only works with the remote . For me it would be handy in winter to know when the relative humidity indoors goes below a preset level , to protect my piano ... Apart from all that , the radio clock synchronisation works perfectly , and the unit and remote differ only by a fraction of a degree.In summary , OK if you do n't use the remote station . In which case , a cheaper single base station model should suffice .
 After numerous disappointments with cheap hygrometers I had high hopes for this one . The thing looks great , set up is easy , nice stand and mounting bracket , and within 24 hrs the atomic clock acquired a signal.First place I tested the remote sensor was on my front porch . Waited an hour for it to acclimate , then brought the monitor to my computer to compare readings with Accuweather and with local news channels , all of which are within six blocks of my house . Four-eight degrees discrepancy in temperature , humidity eight-ten percent off . Moved remote unit around and around , on the porch , off the porch , on the tree , under the eaves . Off consistently everywhere . If it were wildly off I 'd know I got a defective unit , but this is alarmingly close enough to be believable.Ok , so maybe Oregon Scientific are lab guys , perhaps the device will shine in controlled conditions . Shooed the herd out of the ten-gallon terrarium , emptied it of everything , fired up the airstone humidifier and undertank heater , placed the sensor inside , and sealed everything up tight . Twenty minutes later the sides of the tank were dripping , and the device registered a reassuring 98 % humidity and a plausible 75.8 degree temperature.Not a total loss , I tell myself , can always get on line for conditions outside . But what can I say , I 'm a little obsessive , so I turned the heater and humidifier off , let in a little air , and settled in to watch the numbers drop the way they should
 I bought this because I am tired of resetting my travel clock and thought -LRB- foolishly -RRB- that it would be ` so easy ' . Well the atomic part worked -- after about 13mins the radio transmission worked -- but I could not get the backlight or snooze alarm to work at all . I returned it for full refund and bought the larger Atomic Clock . Just got back from a restful relaxing vacation where I did NOT have to mess with the travel clock .
 Initially , I loved this clock . However , it 's flaws soon became apparent . The snooze/backlight control is the stand which proved to be very fragile and broke within a couple of months . The buttons are difficult to manipulate and require steady pressure to activate the setting changes . With only a 90 day warranty , it 's not worth the price paid because the buyer pays the price for inadequate design .
 Atomic clock setting does not work in New York , NY . Called Oregon Scientific and they verified this was the case and had no solution.Clock does work okay under manual mode .
 The third unit of this clock I 've owned in the last five years died today . There will not be a fourth . No Luddite here , but if you think about it ... any alarm clock that is so complicated as to recquire a reference to the manual just to remember how to set it ... bye .
 After reading the mostly positive reviews I decided to give this product a shot . Having spent 20 years as an Air Force weather observer/forecaster and another 22 as a launch processing systems engineer on the Space Shuttle at KSC , I figured I could master this device . Even though I followed the advice from earlier reviewers , I could not clear the rainfall amount except by using the reset button with a paper clip . I have had a chance to experience this rain gauge through several heavy rainfalls . This rain gauge is not even remotely accurate . It is an average of a .5 inches low . I have two manual rain gauges as do several of my neighbors . I live only a few miles from the local airport and their reports are close to my manual gauges . The use of multiple tiny screws to hold the rain collector batteries is tiresome and is at the limits of my manual dexterity . It is possible that the unit is faulty . I will continue to rely on the old inexpensive Wal-Mart plastic tube . I have probably kept this modern marvel too long to return in hopes that I could get it work . This Oregon Scientific rain gauge is a poor excuse for measuring instrument . I will avoid any product produced by Oregon Scientific in the future .
 It worked great for about 8 months , then it died . Replaced all the batteries still nothing So I 'm doing an experiment to see if the out-door unit is biodegradable . Do n't waste your money or time to install it .
 This little electronic time and money waster is easily the worst electronic device I have ever had the misfortune of purchasing . The instructions are worthless . The rainfall results never came close to matching my old trusty glass rain gage ... was it the transmitter or receiver ? Fresh batteries installed ... whoa ! Apparently the design engineer assumed they would never need to be replaced and decided to make them as inaccesible as he possibly could . I hope you love working with tiny screws and impossible holes . After countless attempts at replacing batteries , hitting reset switches , and pushing all the receiver buttons in vain , I got out the hammer ! The trash men picked up the pieces last Thursday ...
 I 've owned my Oregon Scientific wireless rain gauge for about four years . I just ordered a La Crosse as a replacement.The OS gauge has been a disappointment from the very beginning . It is somewhat difficult to program and must be reprogrammed each time the batteries are replaced in the receiving unit.As stated by a previous reviewer , the gauge is inaccurate . My typical glass tube type rain gauge always indicates about 25 % more rain than the OS.My biggest complaint is battery life . I 've lost count of the number of times the batteries have been changed in both the collector and the receiver . The batteries dependably fail during two or three day rain spells requiring me to attend to the tedious job of changing batteries in a downpour or forget about keeping rainfall records.The clock and indoor temperature are accurate .
 I have had this unit for 2 years . It works pretty good until it rains hard . The inside unit will lose the signal from the outside unit . It will not be able to pick it up again until a day or so after the rain stops , no matter how many times I tell the indoor unit to search for the outdoor unit . I guess that in heavy rain , the insides get wet -LRB- circuit board is exposed to the inside of the unit , and there is water in there ! -RRB- and the unit does not transmit reliably . After it dries out inside , it goes back to working . Comments about hard to install batteries and terrible manual are accurate as well.So , if you can use a rain gauge that measures light rains well , this is it . But for the occasional thunderstorm ? You just have to be satisfied knowing that it is raining , you wo n't know how much .
 I 've had this installed for a little over 2 years . It 's a poorly conceived unit . Interested in measuring the rainfall over a year ? Good luck as when you have to replace the batteries in the indoor unit , the rain gauge resets . If you have to replace the batteries in the outdoor unit , eventually you 'll find the info on pressing the reset button on both units in order for them to communicate again . When you do that - guess what ? The rain gauge resets ! You 'll get a lot more accurate reading , and your measuring equipment will last much longer if you forget this device and buy a nice clear plastic rain gauge and place it where you can see it from indoors . Write down the rainfall every now and then , and in the end you 'll be much better off . And - you wo n't have to replace any batteries . Or , maybe the competition has a unit that works better ?
 Oh wow ... I consider myself very savvy with electronic items but the instructions that come with this item leave me wondering , uh , now what ? After clicking with a bunch of buttons , I still have no idea what I 'm doing and the gauge does n't work . The unit looks very nice ... but I do n't know how to work it . Too bad , Oregon Scientific . You guys should spend a little money on your instructions . I 'll be sending this back .
 After several hours of trying , I could n't get the two units to communicate.After I removed the strip from the batteries , the display unit came alive and began giving a temperature reading and the rainfall display began flashing . I opened the rain collector bucket , removed the battery strip and reset both units with a Universal Resetting Tool -LRB- paper clip -RRB- . Still flashing . Reset both units sevaral more times -LRB- bucket first , then the other way -RRB- and set all the display unit stuff but no joy . VOM says the batteries are good but put fresh alkalines into the rain bucket anyway , reset both units again , tipped the bucket back and forth , waited , reset both again , etc. , etc. . Still flashing.This was all with both units two feet apart on the dining room table but I even tried them in another room in case something was interfering with the RF link between them . It simply does n't work so I returned it to Amazon .
 I bought this clock for the projection feature , but was pretty dismayed to find that the projection is so faint , that the room needs to be in pitch darkness in order to see the time . Since our blinds let in some light , by 6:30 AM , it is almost impossible to see the time.Also , the `` Radio Controlled '' atomic clock setting does n't seem to be received in NYC . It just shows the `` No Reception '' symbol , so you have to set the time yourself . So much for the `` ExactSet '' functionality ... And , oddly enough , the images show the clock as being black , but the one I received is silver .
 Killed more bugs stepping on them than this crap did . It 's a waste of money . Use baking soda instead . Nothing killed like diazinon .
 2012 was predicted to be especially bad for ticks and mosquitoes , so I purchased this to be proactive and spare my 4 dogs and little girl from a parasitic attack.While its hard to know exactly how many bugs it killed off , I ended up picking a few ticks off my legs a few weeks after spreading the pellets and my daughter gets eaten alive every time she is out in the backyard -LRB- despite citronella torches as well -RRB- . The benefit did not outweigh the risk and detriment of laying down chemicals on my yard .
 I did not find the product effective in preventing yellow and spotted leaves on my rose bushes . I will not use it again .
 His review caused me to buy the wrong product.Its not an insecticide ... only a disease preventive -LRB- fungicide , I think -RRB- Look elsewhere for a combined product .
 I reported the no-show of this product . My rose dust did not appear . But , Home and Lawn told me I needed to ask all my neighbors and friends and my neighborhood priest to see if they had seen the product in their yards and porches . I did that . Zip . Then I was told by Life and home to check with the carrier -LRB- FEDEX -RRB- . I did . Zip . Finally after no resolution from Life and Home they will send out a route tracer . OK , Meanwhile I have been waiting since the 3rd of December 2012 for the rose dust . A lot of hassle for a $ 14.00 dollar plastic container of rose dust . Meanwhile , my roses were getting very sick with rose must and black spots . I had to go to Home Depot . Do n't buy anything from this outfit . Buy it at Home Depot instead . You will have fewer problems . Colonel Boyer , U.S. Marines
 These just do n't hold up . Too big and too weak . My flower boxes -LRB- under the max weight -RRB- caused them to bend .
 I am not using these hooks as they are not what I wanted . These hooks have to be mounted on the deck railing and I requested hooks that just snap on and no holes in the wood are necessary . I am stuck with them , however , as they are not worth the price of shipping to return them .
 I ordered this tubing for a pond pump and spitter , luckily I only needed about 7 ' because much of this tubing was kinked badly .
 If your looking for something to test your pool or hot tub - will work for you - If you need to test water systems , you will need a better product .
 I bought these after seeing the positive reviews , but they just did n't work properly at all ... the bromine level was 0 when I know it is n't , same with alkalinity even though I know there 's plenty , the pH is a weird color that does n't seem to match any of the options , and calcium also shows up as none . None of those numbers made any sense since I know the water was properly balanced recently . So I went out and bought some AquaChek test strips and those showed that everything really is just fine -LRB- it just needed a little more bromine -RRB- . I do n't know if I just got a bad batch of test strips , but I 've tried them several times now over the past month , and they still do n't seem to be giving me readings that make any sense . The bottle says `` 8/13 '' , so they have n't expired , so I 'm not sure what the problem is .
 Beckett 7114310 Waterfall Pump 3500gphThese pumps come enshrouded in a plastic shell that offers practically no protection to the product given its weight . If dropped any distance , the plastic simply crumples and any pump parts behind the point of impact are damaged . This is exactly what happened to the pump I ordered from Amazon . It did n't help that the pump was not properly packaged and padded in the shipping box . So at some point in the shipment , the box was dropped -LRB- or more likely thrown -RRB- and it landed on the filter end breaking off one of the feet . God what a pain , now I have to pack it up and send it back ... if I do n't just chalk it up to a learning experience and eat the cost . My advice is do n't buy these pumps through Amazon or anyone else likely to throw them into a cardboard box unpadded . It will be damaged in transit , almost a given . Instead go to Home Depot or Lowes and actually pick up the pump and inspect it to see if it has been dropped and broken . Chances are , with those in plastic shells , a few on the shelves are broken too . Do n't take it home without a thorough inspection . That 's another lesson learned ... do n't ask .
 Item arrived with a broken impeller . I was just going to replace it , but can not find spare parts . It has been a couple of months since I ordered , and I can not contact the seller at this point . I 'd like to get a replacement impeller .
 Though cheap , this pump is not up to the job of running 12 hours a day to create a pretty ordinary waterfall -LRB- two foot drop , one foot weir -RRB- . I have had five pumps over the last ten years or so . Most last two to three years . This is the worst of the lot . Even Cal Pumps lasted a year . This might be OK for other installations but for the advertised purpose -LRB- i.e. , a waterfall -RRB- it 's pretty sad . Also , as others have noted , the flow is not comparable to other pumps in the 3500 gph neighborhood . If you want a real waterfall pump you should think of something in the $ 200 range like the 3200 or 4000 gph Pondmasters .
 I used this pump to pump water from my pond to my plants , it worked well for the first two weeks then it froze up and stopped working , returned it to Amazon for a replacement . If the replacement does the same thing then I will send it back for refund .
 I have been through two of these pumps in 4 years . My first pump was replaced by the company the ceramic shaft broke internally , now this spring once again the shaft for some reason is getting stuck internally and now I need to figure how to open it to see if it is fixable ??? The company did not give me another 2 year warranty on the 2nd one and now I know why . I never leave this on all the time and I never leave it out during the winter . I have baby 'd this thing and still sucks and does not pump . I will find it hard to buy another Beckett pump due to the consistent failure at the 2 year mark ...
 I was very disappointed with this product . When I walk outside I noticed our pond was not working . When I examined the unit I noticed the plastic flanges that hold the plastic grate over the impeller were broken . Since the plastic grate could not be secured it place the pump could not build pressure to pump water . I did manage to fix it with some large zip ties . It has been working this way for about 4 months .
 Purchased March 13 of 2012 received about a week later . Arrived with one of the `` legs '' broken . I contacted the seller and was told they would replace it . I waited a couple of weeks and contacted them again and never heard back . Since the broken part would not effect the operation of the pump and I really needed to get a pump going in the pond for my koi I kept it and installed it . In September 2012 I noticed the pump was not operating properly so I turned everything off and pulled it out of the pond . I removed the bottom and found the plastic impeller was broken as were two of the 4 pieces of plastic that hold the bottom on . Now this pump did nothing but sit in the pond filtering water so i have come to the conclusion that there was either more damage than was visible when it arrived or the plastic is really lousy quality ! I have never ever seen anything like this , there is no reason this pump should have basically fallen apart inside . I will never buy another Beckett pump nor will I recommend one .
 Worked great for less than a year . Plastic lugs used to secure pump housing broke at seam , now pump is out of action . Hoping to get Beckett to act on it since it was sold with a one year warranty -LRB- have less than three weeks to get it resolved . Great Disappointment pump was quiet did n't draw much current and flowed water really well in my pond . I notice that there is an almost similar pump being offered from beckett that only has a 60 day warranty -LRB- do not buy -RRB- If you can get a good price -LRB- around $ 100 -RRB- this pump is a good buy even if it fails in a year . I have had more pumps that were more than twice the price fail in two years so I guess I am ahead of the game .
 Pump only ran 6 months in a clean fountain running 18 hours per day . Would like to find a more durable pump .
 Dont bother with this pump . The lip that holds the outlet housing failed afer 3 months of use rendering the pump useless . Bad design .
 I purchased this stuff because a friend recommended it because I have a serious issue in my basement -LRB- where I sleep -RRB- with Spider Crickets , aka Camelback Crickets and Cave Crickets . I kept waking up with one crawling on me somewhere nad I eventually just could n't deal with it anymore so I purchased this stuff . I sprayed the outside of my house , and in the basement , and surprise surprise it did n't even faze these nasty little insects . I even sprayed one directly with the spray to see if it even did anything and the cricket just hopped away , perfectly fine ! uhhhh so frustrating . I would not recommend this stuff . The only good thing I can say about it is that it does dry fast , in case you have pets and does n't leave a strong scent . Hopefully it 's more helpful for everyone else and their insect problem then it was for mine .
 I had switched from the Spectracide bug stop to this on account of all the advertisement . Perhaps it works better in a suburb area but out here in the farm area I call home . No such luck . In fact , I would say it did n't do anything at all apart from waste my time . I continually had all sorts of bugs and critters finding their way into my home . This was never the case with the Spectracide 9-month product . Perhaps I did have to re-spray it every 6 or 7 months but I did n't have any bugs crawl into the house with that product . This Ortho one leaves me killing something nearly everyday !
 I 've tried this product outdoors to create a barrier for ants around my house and insided my house because we get them every year . -LRB- I have used the bait traps in the past but they are a little unsightly and tend to bring more ants before they get rid of any -RRB- . I decided to start early this year before the ants had shown up and this spray did n't do one bit of good . I applied a thick line drenched in this poor excuse for an insect killer around the house , the ants still came . I sprayed it on them directly they died alright but as soon as it dried ants walked right over where it had been sprayed . Guess they left out the part where you need to constantly keep the area wet with this garbage . Oh and it 's definetly not waterproof , the stuff just washes right off in the rain . Save your money try a cheaper product .
 Okay so I bought this recently & the same day I saw an ugly looking spider in my house . Well I go to grab this Ortho & I spray him once , nothing he just runs like crazy , I keep spraying him easily 20-30 times everywhere he goes , NOTHING ! He slows a little bit , then after 5 minutes of spraying him , drowning him in it , he eventually gets tired I 'm guessing . . So I smushed him . Then today I had fruit flies on some old fruit , I spray that fruit like 50 times throughout the day . . What happens ? They do n't die , I sprayed one fruit fly about 10 times he was STILL running through the liquid making a trail haha . Do n't waste your money people please !!! BUY RAID IT WORKS IMMEDIATELY !! THAT IS A GUARANTEE !
 the cock roaches liked this more than me . the duration of the effect on the insects was not more than a few hours . not sufficient for home defense and i 'm wondering why this product is so ineffective .
 When I use this stuff I feel I 'm only killing the bugs by drowning them with the product , smh . The only thing good about this thing is its professional looking design and it is odor free -LRB- water does n't have an odor either , btw -RRB- . I wish I could refill the container with a bug spray that actually worked .
 I was spraying outside when the base of the handle split apart , the spring and plunger came out in my hand splashing my leg with enough insecticide to soak my shorts and run down my leg into my shoe . Could have just as easily gotted sprayed in the mouth or eyes . This sprayer design is dangerous!This insecticide does ` nt seem to be very effective on my roaches or ants either .
 I would give this zero stars if I could . My hubby finally cut down some trees and bushes in front of our house and apparently left a lot of roaches and ants homeless because we noticed them coming into the house like crazy afterwards . Went to Walmart and bought this stuff and after the 3rd or 4th room the sprayer broke and started leaking but he kept spraying . Did not see a decrease at all in bugs and they just kept stomping across the `` barrier '' that we sprayed down as if it was water so we still ended up calling an exterminator . This was $ 12.00 wasted
 I know the description says it works for spiders -LRB- excluding black widow and brown recluse -RRB- , but I thought it might work if I soaked them with it . I sprayed my firewood shed with it until it formed a puddle , and wolf spiders and several other kinds were walking right through it as if nothing happened . I sprayed a black widow in a crack for about 10 seconds straight and it just sat there . I waited several minutes , and the black widow just walked out of the crack like nothing happened . I sprayed a wolf spider about the size of a dime directly in the face , and he held his arms up like he was in attack mode . Then he walked away . It may work for ants or something , but it does n't work for spiders .
 I 've used this product for about two months with hope that it would work . Unfortunately , it did n't provide any protection and it just seem like the bugs were saying , `` That 's all you 've got ? '' Pffhh . My current solution to prevent bugs from entering my house were to use Raid instead . I sprayed near my main door and the outside of my basement 's windows and that seem to keep them off for about two to three weeks . Ultimately , I would n't recommend purchasing this spray .
 I tried this stuff because I have sugar ants coming through the window and eating my cats food , And I sprayed inside and outside . They are still coming in ! I resprayed to make sure I did n't screw up and it does nothing to them unless you spray right at them ! I even soaked the entire wall in this stuff and almost emptied the entire canister and it hasnt repelled a single thing ! Most useless product ever , I will never buy another Ortho product again !
 I had a light infestation of fleas after a dear pet died and bought this product to kill them before it got to be a major problem . I think the fleas did the backstroke then gave me the finger ... it did not work . Needless to say , my light infestation got to be a big problem that I have not yet conquered.For the record , I only sprayed the concrete floor of my garage . I did this on 3 different days and the problem only got worse . I probably would have been better off mopping with hot soapy water . I do n't think fleas can do the backstroke in soapy water.I ca n't say if it prevented anything else because I did n't have a problem with any other bugs.It got two stars because I liked the sprayer part .
 For the record , I purchased this from Wal-Mart on sale for around $ 12 . I needed it to spray around my new construction home because I 've been having a pretty invasive amount of spiders and other little bugs coming in . I sprayed around the house and followed the directions to the tee ; I even sprayed twice in some areas . And here , three weeks later , I can honestly say I notice no decrease in bugs . Spiders have set up webs , crickets hop , and other assortments frolic and play exactly where I sprayed . It 's quite disappointing , really . I feel like I just purchased a jug of water . Be aware - when they say it does n't kill black widows , they mean it . See the photo I uploaded for solid proof .
 Dont know if this product works . Bought it brought it home , removed all appliances and went to spray . Trigger detached on the third pull and does not go back . Apparently the manufacturer engaged in too much cost cutting ? This product is going back.Ortho 0195310 1-1/3 - Gallon Home Defense Max Perimeter and Indoor Insect Killer Pull 'N Spray
 Ok I bought this product in the past & it seemed very effective . I am trying to eliminate cockroaches . I bought this product again & found that it has NO EFFECT whatsoever . I was extremely disappointed . I would not recommend this product at all . I am not sure if they changed the ingredients or what but it does not work .
 When we first moved into our apartment 2 years ago , we sprayed the outside and inside with ortho max home defense . It worked well then . Last year , sprayed again in February , March , and April . Spiders still came in . In order for this product to actually have an affect on spiders , I had to arm myself the the jug and spray the heck out of the spider before it would die . This year , the same thing . I even sprayed a small stream in front of the door after my boyfriend had to kill one . As of now , two more had entered in with in the past hour and he had to kill them the old fashioned way , with a shoe . This product is not effective as it used to be .
 Our neighbors recently moved in and then back out of the house behind us , and the roaches they left behind moved to our house ! I used a whole bottle of this stuff , its been a month now and they have gotten worse ! Unless you spray it directly on the roach it does n't effect them !
 Did not work for me . I srayed a small roach at close range and it went about it 's business as if I had sprayed water on it.This is a what the Ortho rep replied when I inquired as to how this product is suppose to work . `` Thank you for contacting us concerning Scotts products . As always , it is our goal to make sure that our customers are completely satisfied with our products and services.We are sorry to hear of your experience with our product . Ortho Home Defense MAX Perimeter and Indoor Insect Killer is a good product and will control listed insects . Timing is an important factor in insect control . We have no control for insects in the egg stage . It is difficult for insecticides to penetrate the egg , so insecticides are targeted to control insects in the larval or adult stages . Also , more mature or larger insects will take longer to control than younger or smaller insects . You may not see the insects die immediately , but you should see a reduction in the pests or their damage within a few days . Treating both the outside entry points and the inside at the same time will also help.Ortho Home Defense MAX Perimeter and Indoor Insect Killer kills by contact not on contact.We want you to be confident in our products . For that reason , we offer a product guarantee to our consumers . Simply mail me your original itemized cash register receipt or the UPC barcode from the product packaging and I will promptly issue a refund check . My mailing address is : Ortho Consumer ServiceAgain , thank you for taking the time to let us know of your concerns . Please do not hesitate to contact us if we can be of any additional help to you.JLConsumer Response RepresentativeThe Scotts Company and Subsidiaries14111 Scottslawn RoadMarysville , OH 43041800-225-2883 ''
 I bought this with high hopes , but after spraying all over my home I was still seeing just as many bugs as before . I decided to try spraying them with this directly and it did absolutely nothing . I sat and watched a roach after I sprayed him and , other than being annoyed , it seemed fine . Ran around in circles for several minutes before I finally killed it the old fashioned way.I thought maybe I had gotten a bad one and I wrote Ortho asking for help . They sent me a form letter . Fine for them . They have my $ 15 , but poor products and communication are enough for me to scratch Ortho off my list in the future . An apology might have made me consider them again.I ultimately went with Cyber WP . It is n't much of an on-contact killer -LRB- takes a bit longer than Raid , for example -RRB- but it keeps them away for months !
 I actually like the bottle and the design . Quick and easy to apply.But ... the actual defense solution is AWFUL ! I have a problem with ants and spiders in my shed and garage and it does nothing . I have used about half of the bottle in these small spaces and it has done nothing . I did n't expect it to keep spiders completely out but I had hopes about ants . NOPE ! I have sprayed three times and have n't notices any difference . More spiders and the same amount of ants . Disappointing.I will still be searching ...
 Tired of dealing with spiders , and in prep for earwig season , I bought this product with high hopes of creating a defense shield around my house , windows , doorways , everywhere . I just love to have my windows and doors open all season long.The good news , the # of spiders coming into my house has dropped dramatically . I went from catching 4-6 per day to 1-2 over the past week.Bad news
 I bought this product with the plunger type handle . The trigger on the nozzle leaked , ran down my hand , and dripped all over the floor . I washed my hands immediately , but the product burned my palms causing a red rash and the following day I had several clear blisters on my fingers.This all happened 3 days ago and my hands are still burning.This product has a faulty deliver system . I do n't recommend you buy or use it .
 The perimeter protection is a lie . The very next days ants and bugs are walking over the sprayed area like nothing happened . Do not waste your money .
 Do n't try spraying anything with a viscosity greater than water . It just ca n't muster the force to get it out .
 i normally dont bother writing reviews but i was so disapointed in this product i figured i 'd save someone else the hassle . the manufacturer hasnt put any effort into making a functional product . I received product as described but when i put the batteries in it did not shoot anything resembling a mist or a stream or anything else , it was barely able to squirt out a little spittle , i have been looking for a good handheld sprayer for a while and this is definitely not it . on top of that the connection for the hose never connected well to the reservoir AND the plastic connector piece physically broke just from trying to test the product out -LRB- i am gentle on things and was not putting any pressure on the part , so it broke just from being barely touched -RRB-
 Lacks power , PSI , to wash the side of my house , shed or garage . Could not even wipe the dirt from my car .
 I realize that this unit is inexpensive , and at this price you ca n't expect perfection , but god . This thing is a total waste of money . You would be better off using the money to buy lottery tickets . I do n't understand how Amazon can sell such garbage . First of all , as most of the other reviewers stated , it can not spray anything other than water , and it barely sprays water . You can spit further than this thing can spray . The stream is VERY weak . The only nice thing I can say about it is that the tank appears well made . . The tank will last a lot longer than the sprayer.If you have money to waste , buy this junk . . If you do n't have money to waste , spend a little more and buy a quality sprayer . .
 I 've had the same problem with the cover . I called Weber and I was told that some covers have no vents , but they share the product number -LRB- 7553 -RRB- with the vented version . So the only way to know is to open the box . The Weber customer service person also suggested that all the covers shipped to Lowes -LRB- and I assume HD -RRB- are vented .
 Weber quality is great , but this design sucks . I spend more time cleaning up after the rain than I do grilling ! Too bad , nice cover , other than the vents!Vents are good , in the right places , and I am sure that a cover with a well placed vent would help the Grill last longer . However , this design is not the way to go .
 Bought this cover for my EP-320 Genesis grill and returned it . I really like the grill but I can not believe that Weber would put something on the market like this . I bought the Classic Veranda Cover . The web site states that you will need the large size for this grill -LRB- grill is 60 '' long , medium size up to 58 '' -RRB- but the medium size fits this grill perfectly .
 This is a very handsome cover , but appearances are deceiving . After a few months , the stitching virtually dissolved on one side then the other . I tossed it and got a well-constructed generic cover for less than half the price . The replacement has already outlasted the name brand and shows no sign of deterioration . Its construction is not as complicated as the Weber , but it is quite attractive . BOTTOM LINE
 This cover was a gift , so I used it only to find out how bad of a design it really is . I do n't want rain and snow on my grill if I 'm willing to take the time and cover it ! Go -LSB- ... -RSB- and buy the large Veranda Collection Grill Cover . It 's good looking , durable , does n't leak and fits your Weber S320 perfect .
 I wo n't rehash all the negative reviews of this Weber cover , however , I agree - Awful design . I do n't want water sitting on my $ 700.00 grill . I returned mine and ordered the Classic Veranda Cart BBQ Cover after reading the other reviews . Thank you ! It is an awesome cover -LRB- and for less money - no `` Weber '' name , I guess -RRB- . It also has vents on the sides , but has flaps over the vents that prevent water from coming in . Some reviewers purchased the medium , some the large . I went with the medium and it is a PERFECT fit . Highly recommended !
 Get the `` Classic Veranda Cart BBQ Cover '' instead . The `` large '' size fits the Genesis E310 fine and the vents on the Veranda cover are protected by flaps . And , the price on the Veranda is better . -LRB- I do n't work for them , but I did buy their cover . -RRB-
 This cover has two side vents , thus NOT protecting the grill from rain . So this is not a cover !! I had the same reaction as many of the other buyers
 Seems like the company that sell these on behalf of Amazon are prone to a few too many mistakes . I ordered a 9885 cover and instead had the 7553 delivered . The company has even gone so far as to put a 9885 sticker on the package - but the fact is I paid extra for the 9885 and had the wrong bbq cover delivered . 7553 has vents at the side that allow rain to enter and over a longer period will cause rust to the bbq .
 ordered and received this item without any hassel . was a bit dubious about the purchase given others ' concerns about vents on the cover letting moisture in . purchased it anyway . left a review indicating that i should have heeded the reviews of others as the vents on my cover indeed did allow moisture through and on to my grill . i was contacted by the vendor repeatedly asking me to remove what they deemed a negative comment . finally , after repeated emails and calls to my home , the vendor offered to provide a full refund for the purchase of the cover , allow me to keep the cover , in return for removing the `` negative '' comment . i agreed to do so and did . i have not heard anything more from the vendor about my refund . i should have trusted my instinct to leave what i felt was a honest assessment of the grill cover 's performance . i 'm leaving this review to alert other would-be-buyers to what i think is a design flaw in the cover and to not be taken in by a promise for a refund to remove an honest review .
 Bought the standard weber cover for my new stainless steel S-310 gas grill.Was disappointed to see large puddles on each wing shelf upon removing cover . Weber advised me the vents in the cover were intentionally designed to let air in to prevent mold on cover and let moisture out.The fact that they let large amounts of water settle on each shelf , as well as around each gas knob can not be a good thing over time.So now I am looking for a cover for my cover .
 this cover fits nicely . the problem is , on the sides it has mesh panels , I guess for wind . These let the water in all over the steel counter tops . Sort of defeats the purpose of a cover right ?
 Genesis -LRB- E330 -RRB- cover . Have tried 2 Weber Genesis covers . The first had vents and simply let rain in . Joke ! The 2nd felt good and had no silly vents ... but after 6 months the seams showed wear and my BBQ was wet underneath . After 9 months it is held together by gaffer tape and still lets rain in . Overpriced rubbish . -LRB- My Weber charcoal BBQ cover is fine -RRB- .
 Vents ruin it . Will have to buy another one now . Awful ! I feel weber should recall it and let us exchange for the new one . Does anyone kniw if they ever issued a response to this terrible design flaw ?
 I bought this cover 3 years ago . It was good but kept shrinking , now it no longer fits . However , it 's the same model number it looks like the cover has changed so not sure if the issue still remains . But i had to trash mine because it would no longer fit on my Weber Genesis .
 ordered and received this item without any hassel . was a bit dubious about the purchase given others ' concerns about vents on the cover letting moisture in . purchased it anyway . left a review indicating that i should have heeded the reviews of others as the vents on my cover indeed did allow moisture through and on to my grill . i was contacted by the vendor repeatedly asking me to remove what they deemed a negative comment . finally , after repeated emails and calls to my home , the vendor offered to provide a full refund for the purchase of the cover , allow me to keep the cover , in return for removing the `` negative '' comment . i agreed to do so and did . i have not heard anything more from the vendor about my refund . i should have trusted my instinct to leave what i felt was a honest assessment of the grill cover 's performance . i 'm leaving this review to alert other would-be-buyers to what i think is a design flaw in the cover and to not be taken in by a promise for a refund to remove an honest review .
 As others have noted , while this is a very nice fitted cover , the placement of vents right over the side panels is maddening . I called Weber about it , and they said they did it to allow moisture to dry . Um , the problem is , the vents allow an awful lot of moisture to get on the side panels in the first place . Duh ...
 Avoid this grill cover if where you live there is rain or snow . The mesh vents are positioned poorly so that rain water will collect on the grills side burner , burner controls and electronic ignition!Called Weber and their customer service rep gave me some run around about how it allows the cover to vent condensation away . . Of course had they designed it right I would not have to worry about a half gallon of water needing to evaporate off the grill.Have used the cover now for over a month and one of the mesh vents already is coming lose from the cover . Looks as if the stitching is of sub par quality.I would not have expected this experience from a Weber product . I own two of their grills , two sets of grill tools , mits , apron and charcoal starts all of which work great ! However , this product is a complete failure and expensive one at that .
 I bought this grill cover shortly after purchasing a Weber Genesis E-310 grill last year . I had read warnings about the grill 's side vents on the web , but could n't find a good alternative , so I plunked down about $ 50 for it . What a mistake . From the start water would penetrate and just pool on the stainless side tables , and despite the supposedly evaporation-friendly design , it would just sit there for days before fully evaporating away . I know , I know , the side tables are stainless and should be able to take it . But why should they have to ? In the meantime , if I used the grill , I would have to place my work plates , utensils and food in pools of water , or balance things on my deck railing , just to avoid using the wet grill work surfaces entirely . Now , in the past month , BOTH vents have torn at the seams , leaving the sides totally exposed to the elements and leaving my covered grill looking like a tattered mess on my deck . I own 3 weber grills -LRB- E-310 , Performer , and Q -RRB- and all have been excellent cooking machines , but this product is sub-par . Stay AWAY . SEE PHOTOS ABOVE .
 Weber really designed this poorly . Not only does it funnel rain water into your grill 's control knobs , ignighter , and the side burner unit , but , it somehow manages to divert water into the grease catching tray until it is full - or overflowing - with water . Emptying a filled-to-the-brim tray with grease and water w/o a disgusting greasy mess is nearly impossible.My write-up for the grill was 5 star . Why cover a grill so it will collect water and spread it all over the grill that you spent $ 50 + to protect ?
 Poorly designed grill cover . I am not sure of the purpose of putting vents in the top of the cover is . Like the reviewers before me have said , it allows water from the rain into the igniter battery compartment -LRB- also poorly designed ! -RRB- and allows it into the gas knobs and allows the water to pool on the stainless steel side shelves . Every time I take off the grill cover I have to wipe the water and pollen off of the sides ... it looks terrible . The cover is made of great materials and feels durable , and I am sure it will last forever in a landfill now ... I had to replace it with a $ 10 piece of junk from Walmart just to keep the water out . Very disappointed ...
 This grill cover is made of very nice material and fits perfectly on my grill . No complaints there ... the only complaint that I have is with the mesh windows that sit above the side tables . I am not sure why they would do this since it allows the rain to go right in . So , every time that I take the cover off , there is a pool of water on each side table that I have to clean off . It also lets a lot of pollen in , which is great mixed with the water.I understand that there needs to be vents in the cover , I am just not sure about the placement on this cover . Why not put it on the front and back on the vertical face of the cover , still over the tables ? This would at least minimize the standing water .
 When I purchased my new Weber Genesis grill I wanted to get a nice cover to protect it . Amazon had it listed as backordered so I went to my local HD to buy this Weber grill cover . When I open the box I immediately noticed the nice material quality . Put the cover on my new grill and it was a perfect fit . The velcro straps hold the cover on tight so it will never blow off in a wind storm . Then I noticed two large mesh vents , one above each side table . It did n't make sense to me , but hey I 'm sure Weber knows what they are doing . Then a few days later it rained on my new cover . The next day I went out to pull off the cover and both side tables had large water puddles on them . That 's when I found out that when water collects on the side tables , it will drain into the cabinet below the grill . Frustrated , I went to Amazon again and read the reviews on the cover . Several people mentioned a rear vent but none mentioned any side vents . So I purchased the cover from Amazon and waited several weeks for it . I was excited to see on the box pictures that it did n't have side vents . As I pulled the cover out my excitement turned to disappointment that it had side vents and no rear vent . This cover is useless with the side vents . I will be returning it . If this is Weber 's new design , I will be purchasing a generic grill cover . 5 stars for the cover durability and velcro straps , 0 stars for the side vent design.Update 11/09/07
 Do NOT buy this grill cover ... If you own a Genesis series grill , I strongly advise you NOT to buy this grill . Indeed , the quality of the material is great ; the size is perfect . However , there are TWO SIDE VENTS that are crafted in the cover , just above the two side shelves.These `` side vents '' are mesh screens that will allow any and all rainwater to flow DIRECTLY onto my/your very nice , very expensive Weber grill . I thoroughly researched this cover before I purchased it , and I had read a few reports of the side vents . But I had also read reports of a `` rear vent '' that worked well.I 'm not sure how one can differentiate between the two different models -LRB- and whether or not the respective model has side or rear vents -RRB- . However , I do know that , if you have a Genesis-series grill , DO NOT ORDER THIS ONE ... The two side vents are located ABOVE the side shelves . I will be returning this item as soon as I take the time to fold it back into the box.If anyone has any ideas where I can purchase the correct cover , please comment .
 Even though I 'm very pleased with my e320 grill , the cover is an absolute failure ! There are two large square meshed vents on top . It rained and let all the water in and I had to uncover the grill to let it dry off !?! This means that every time it rains I get to uncover it !!! Buyer beware you have been warned !
 I usually read the reviews before I buy but , this time I did not and what a surprise.After I finished covering my new grill with my brand new cover I noticed the openings on the side , I was confused , It did not make any sense why would Weber put openings on the side when you want to protect your investment from the elements especially the rain . Anyway , confused , I went and checked the cover picture on the box , it did n't have openings on the side . So I thought I got the wrong product and did a search in the internet and that 's when I realized my mistake about getting this cover . If you want to protect your grill from water DO NOT GET this cover .
 I read about the side vents but they were not too clear whether it will affect the S320 as well . When I looked at the product photo , it seemed the vents were below the left and right tables . I was wrong . Those were the velcro straps you can use to snugly fit the cover on the grill so it will not get blown away . The vents were on the left and right side of the cover , on the fabric ABOVE the tables . It rained a day after I received the cover . When I checked it after the rain , there were puddles of water on both side tables . I took a couple of photos and will post them here . The quality of the material and the fit is great . I really do not understand why they placed the vents there . That ruined what could have been a perfect Genesis grill cover .
 After forking out a lot of money for a quality grill , I decide to buy the Weber cover to take good care of it.This is the most retarded product I 've ever bought ! As other 's mention , there are two large mesh windows on the the side tops over the stainless steel work areas . When it rains , everything gets soaked!One response said Weber told him it was for dust and leaves . Huh ? Is it only for Arizona?I 'm am extremely upset about this cover , and the responses here make show a bizarre and out-of-touch manufacturer.Some people mentioned finding an older version , with a mesh on the back . I 'll return this to Home Depot and look for a version like that or opt for a generic cover .
 I was disappointed in the WEBER cover that I purchased three and half years ago . It did hold to the weather elements and started to crack and tear . Do not waste your money on this grill cover . I just purchased the Classic Veranda Cart BBQ Cover to replace it . Check the outstanding reviews on my replacment cover .
 I bought this grill cover when I purchased my Genesis Grill . After about 1 year , the cover has basically fallen apart . I live in Arizona and have it in partial sun . The seams starting opening up and now there are huge holes in the front and read of the cover on both the left and right sides.Save your money and buy another cover that fits the Genesis .
 Purchased this cover with my Weber Sumit 420 10 months ago . I have always liked Weber products but this cover is a engineering disaster . This cover with the side vents not only lets the water in , but also lets all the dirt in . I guess if you enjoy cleaning up the mess inside the base cabinet , this is the cover for you . Do yourself a favor , and do not buy this cover . Weber , shame on you !! And to add insult to injury , they still sell this one .
 I have had another non-Weber gas grill for the last 10 years . It was covered for the entire time and this has led to a long and highly functioning grill . For the new Weber I decided to keep my accessories up to the Weber standard of quality and to go exclusively with Weber products like the utensils and cover . It is the cover that I would like to talk about.I purchased the 7553 premium cover and I must say that at first look , it was amazed . The material is the best I 've seen for covers . The extra wide and long Velcro strap should be able to keep the cover on the grill in even the gustiest of breezes . The fit was right on the mark . But then I noticed the two side vents and said to myself , ` What the heck are those things there for ? ' . According to Weber 's customer service , these are there for ventilation purposes to reduce the chance of mold . I do n't doubt that they WILL ventilate but they are also going to let the rain just poor in and on my new dream grill and that is not acceptable . According to Weber customer service , ` Weber grills are designed to be out in the weather . The cover is only to keep dust off of it . ' . These vents are going to let water in and basically damage or speed up the aging of my new grill . Apparently , Weber had a vent system a while ago that was located on the rear of the grill.Are the vents really that important ? If so , is n't there a better way that will vent while not allowing water to pass ? ... as in marine cover applications . This design is not up to the Weber standard of quality that I have come to know and trust . I hope that Weber marketing , engineering and management take this seriously and makes some changes to these covers before Weber get 's saddled with some kind of poor quality reputation .
 Unfortunately , I did n't read the reviews on Amazon before buying . I just `` assumed '' that the Weber grill cover was the one to use with my new grill . We had rain the same day I put on the cover ... puddles of rain on the side burner sections ; moisture on top of the grill . Who needs it . I did what others suggested here and elsewhere ... I went to Home Depot and got the corresponding Charmglow cover for less $ $ and no vents !
 The other reviewers are right - this is a really nice , well-made cover with a fatal flaw . The vents do not keep the rain out . No wonder all of our neighbors keep their grills in their garages .
 Just adding my discontented voice to others . The manufacturer 's product photo shows vents on the lower vertical surface but the actual product in the box has vents on the upper angled surface . See the customer photo
 Purchased this cover without reading the other very helpful reviews!I assumed that the cover would protect my brand new Genesis from all elements . It does n't :--LRB- I live in Ireland and the main reason for covering the bbq is to keep it dry . The vents at the side mean that both side tables accumulate water and it pools around the right-hand side controls . I have had to resort to using my old generic bbq-cover which which is n't tall enough and the then put the Weber one over that to cover the lower parts . The description needs to be updated to say that it protects from falling leaves/bird droppings and that it is not dustproof showerproof , rainproof , snowproof or hailproof.Wish I had read the other reviews prior to purchasing .
 Why is n't zero stars an option ? Sure , it sounds like a good idea ... a cordless string trimmer that conveniently hangs in the garage and plugs into the electrical outlet . It would be good if it worked though . It takes me about an hour and a half to edge my property , which means I have to plug this thing back in 4 or 5 times to allow it to recharge . It might last 20 minutes on a full charge on a good day . Its pathetic . It also seems that the string gets stuck , and the only way to unlodge it is to bang it on something hard -LRB- which the directions specifically say that you should n't have to do this because it is an easy to feed cord -RRB- . Do n't buy this trimmer/edger .
 I would love this tool if only the charge lasted longer . It runs for approximately 10 minutes , 12 at the most , then the charge is done . Unfortunately I lost my receipt so I presume I can not return it . The machine does a nice job of edging which is mainly why I bought it , but I 'm very disappointed because I can only use it for about 10 minutes at a time , then have to put it on charge for another 24 hours .
 Enjoy the light weight of this trimmer , and its length -- I 'm a short female and this is good for me . But it 's absolutely true that there is NO time to accomplish much in your yard . Maybe 10 minutes is the max around here . My husband began to accuse me of overcharging the battery but , from the ad , it says `` overnight charging '' . So it 's not my fault . Shame on you Black & Decker !
 I have a very small yard , so this is adequate . It barely gets my whole yard done , before the battery needs recharging . Would n't recommend it for someone with a large area .
 I bought and returned 2 of these trimmers . The first one was used all of 5 minutes when the part that is supposed to rotate the string stopped spinning . . the motor was still going full speed - the string head just was n't spinning so I exchanged it . I used the 2nd unit twice . Both times the battery power depleted to next to nothing within 10-15 minutes - this after being on the charger OVER 24 hours ! I called the B&D 800 number and was told the expected battery time for this unit was 15-20 minutes -LRB- which is not mentioned anywhere in the owner 's manual or on the B&D website -RRB- . I do not have a huge yard but I could barely get it finished before the battery died . I ended up taking the 2nd unit back last night and am going to get the Toro 8 '' cordless trimmer . It does n't have the edger feature but I know a few people that have it and love it - plus the battery life is 45 minutes - more than twice as much as the B&D .
 I just purchased this Black & Decker Cordless Trimmer and will be returning it tomorrow . When you see the B&D ; name , one would expect a piece of decent equipment . But this trimmer is a useless hunk of garbage.I agree with everyone else on here regarding the trimmer 's battery
 I bought this because our local supercenter store only had 3 to pick from -LRB- I live and a very small town -RRB- and this seemed to be the easiest to use and it was a B&D. ; B&D ; is supposed to be good , right ? WRONG !! I did n't have too much of a problem with the battery lasting very long ... I 'd weedeat for awhile and then mow or pull weeds or something else while it was charging.Well , once I started trying to edge it was all over !! The line does n't feed when you 're edging !! I had to constantly stop and pull the line out ... heck , might as well be doing this by hand !!! Edge a foot , turn it upside down and pull line out , edge another foot , well , you see where I 'm going.I did n't realize how bad it was until 4 months after I bought it as I had just bought a new -LSB- older -RCB- home and it had been empty for awhile and I started working on the yard in earnest . You guessed it ... warranty expired and store would n't take it back ... it looked `` too used . `` So , I 'm stuck with it . I use it to edge but just turn it sideways while its in weedeater mode ... which kicks up gravel or chunks of dirt or whatever.That 's it for me ... no more B&D ; .
 I bought this trimmer because I really liked the idea of not having to start a gas trimmer or stay attached to a cord the entire time . The novelty wore off within 30 seconds of using this trimmer . I did not have the same problem with how long the battery lasted as other people because it would only take me 1-2 minutes of using it to get so disgusted with the unit that I would quit using it . IF -LRB- and its a BIG IF -RRB- it did actually cut something , it was more like it beat the weed or grass to death then cutting it.It also seemed as though the function where it automatically releases more string did not work very well as it would take a long time for it to figure out it needed more string . I returned it to the store last night with a huge smile on my face knowing I will never have to see it again .
 I bought this for the feature of the edger . It did a good job while the battery lasted . That was the problem . The battery lasted only about 10 - 15 minutes . I will be returning this and looking at a Toro which I had in the past until the battery failed after 8 years .
 Ok , the first one I received did not have the internal fixtures to charge the unit . I called B/D and they had to send me a label to mail it back to them . They were nice enought and send one to me before they received mine back in the mail.I had arranged the delivery to be able to use it after a vacation . That did not work.Then I get the new one and charge it up and it keeps running out of battery life . I have a very small yard . I can not complete the front yard before the battery runs out and have to wait until the next day to complete it . Then , a third day to do the back yard . This is not what I expected.Disappointed , YES !
 This measures 11.25 &#34; across and much of that is unusable due to the lip of the tray . As of this review , the description of the product indicates this can hold a 12.5 &#34; planter which is incorrect . Also interesting ... the SKU on the bottom of the product claims it 's 12.5 &#34; ... which it is n't ... it 's 11.25 &#34; . Very Odd.Lastly , this is incredibly cheap , thin plastic ... might weigh 2-3 ounces . It would work for a planter at 10 &#34; but even so it 's such a cheap product it 's not worth more than a few bucks in my opinion .
 Not exactly what I had expected . The outside temperature unit does not work . I have tried numerous times of trying to reset this unit to avail .
 This dumb device has caused me more irritation than just about any electronic device I 've ever known . Alarms going off at all times of the day , buttons that make no sense , programming that someone in China must have invented , instructions that avoid every problem that it ever has . It 's way too much trouble to even go find the instructions to update time/date/warming / alarm , or anything else when you notice they 're 2 years off ... all I wanted to know was the interior and exterior temperatures . If I have ONE MORE PROBLEM with it , I 'm just going to take it to the driveway and STOMP IT TO LITTLE PIECES !!!
 I purchased this wireless thermometer in february and it quit working the last week of May . It seems the sending unit quit sending , or the receiving unit stopped receiving . Either way , it 's worthless . If this is the quality of their product , Oregon Scientific is in big trouble . Do not buy one of these !!!
 I consider myself of average technical ability , and inspite of reading all reviews I could never get the alarm from going off at odd hours ... tested every conceivable solution . I tossed it in the trash . I have other Oregon Scientific products continue to work fine ... automatic time change , no alarm issues , all I do is replace batteries . This particular product has design flaw .
 THIS IS TRASH . THIS CLOCK EVENTUALLY DETERIORATES AND ERRORS OUT . IT EVENTUALLY IS UNSETTABLE AND UNRELIABLE . IT IS A WASTE .
 Nice concept , very poor execution.Good
 The indoor/outdoor thermometer arrived . It set it up , installing the batteries . The outside tranmitter was not picked up by the receiver . It was returned for credit .
 I bought this unit to replace another unit from another vendor . The problem I had with my other unit was poor range of the wireless sender . I also wanted a temperature alarm because I will be using this in an RV and want to make sure my water compartment does not freeze.The base is small and compact and the LCD is perhaps a little crowded but not terrible I would say . I do like the size.My disappointments with this unit and remote are twofold.I ran into a problem with accuracy on the remote ... the temperature reported was 3 to 4 degrees off from the base unit temperature when they were sitting side by side . This was in comparison to the units I was replacing as well some other non wireless thermometers I used for comparison.I proceeded to the Oregon Scientific web site and requested support on this issue online . Their site says you should get a response within 4 days . After 8 days , I had not received a response so I called the company and explained my issue . The following is what they told me.After telling me who their products are not intended as scientifically calibrated instruments -LRB- I sensed they have heard this complaints before -RRB- , they indicated that their policy is that a thermometer -LRB- or remote sender -RRB- can be plus or minus 2.5 degrees off from another unit . This is not 2.5 plus or minus from the real temperature but from the any other sender or base unit . I indicated that this could mean that a unit could be off 5 or 10 degrees from the real temperature and they answered that my interpretation was correct and that this is their policy . I did not accept the explanation from the first support agent so she handed me off to another support agent who reiterated the policy . Two different support people from Oregon Scientific had now told me the same thing.I was not expecting perfection , but I guess since this unit is priced a little more than average that at least it would be somewhat accurate ... maybe one to two degrees off at most . A I mentioned at least three other thermometers that I used to compare the results from this one were within about 1 degree of each other . The base unit on this one was close but the remote was significantly off.To me it seems that Oregon Scientific 's policy on accuracy is absurd.One question I asked the support person is why did n't Oregon Scientific articulate this policy on the packaging so that a consumer could make a reasonable and informed choice based on that information ... of course there was no answer.I think that if the consumer knew how inaccurate a thermometer Oregon Scientific 's policy allows their products to be , this knowledge would be detrimental to their sales . After all , is n't accuracy what a digital thermometer is all about ? I know that had I known all this , I would not have bought this product.I guess my reaction is that I had an incorrect perception of Oregon Scientific products being step up products ... . Something a little better . Certainly their customer service response , their policies and the product itself suggests otherwise .
 I ordered this because it had all the features I needed at the right price . I received the merchandise quickly and installed the batteries . The main unit picked up the sensor just fine - UNTIL - if you set the clock or date , the signal is lost !! I repeated this experiment 3 times - at distances of 1 '' , 10 '' , and 10 ' - EVERY time the unit lost the sensors signal . The seller took care of me , but I do NOT recommend this product to anyone unless you like to buy Junk .
 We bought this for a cabin in the snow . After reading the directions multiple times , we could not turn off the `` freeze alert '' alarm that would then beep at all hours of the night . The alarm clock is hard to use and it would go off at weird times , too.We have replaced this item with a wind & weather item that has NO ALARMS !
 I was looking for a replacment indoor/outdoor to fit in the spot my old one was in . This had the right dimension , but I did n't read closely enough , turns out it does n't wall mount . My fault there . Anyway , I set it up on a dresser and the 1st thing I notice is that the LCD is so faint it 's almost illegible . You have to pick it up and look at it just right to see the display at all.Later that night , around 2AM , I get woken up to a beeping sound . Look all around , and finally realize it 's coming from the unit . I dig out the manual , and realize I had n't shut off the low-temp alarm . Did that and went back to sleep , only to be woken up again an hour or so later . Tried turning it off again , but it keeps going off . Next I thought I 'd outsmart it . I set the low temp to 0 degrees -LRB- it was only in the 20s -RRB- , and that worked that night . Next night it starts going off again , even though it 's a good 30 degrees above where I set it.The long and short of it is the low-temp alarm does n't work correctly , and ca n't be shut off -LRB- no matter what the manual says -RRB- . I 've retried it several times over the last few weeks , and it keeps screwing up . I finally just pulled the batteries and it 's going in the trash tomorrow.Between the alarm and the bad display , this was a total waste of money . I 'd never bought anything by Oregon Sci . before , and do n't plan to again . When it 's back in stock I 'll get the Honeywell , even though it 's a bit larger than I wanted .
 Found it to be accurate , and LCD easy enough to read , but I kept having alarm problems too . At first glance you think you have the hi-lo alarms set . Nope.Once you start looking at the directions , which I never do , you realize that there is a `` freeze alarm '' set/built in on channel one . You ca n't change it . That 's all its says , so you have to guess to change it to channel two or three . The documentation is horrible concerning this feature.That does n't work , so I wrote tech support . They did answer promptly , explaining that you have to take the batteries out of both units , replace the batteries in the sensor first , then the base unit . Gee , I almost had it right , I guessed I needed to change the channel , but had no idea of the battery change sequence . How could I?I wrote them back , telling them that I had always chide my engineer friends , saying every engineer should have to use and maintain any product they design before it reaches the production . If that had happened here , we would not be having this conversation.Even if it is a bad design , at least explain the fix clearly in the documentation ! I realize it 's difficult and expensive to retool operations to fix a product , but it 's pretty easy to document the fix and insert it in the package once you are aware of the problem.Oregon Scientific could n't be bothered . Believe me , I will never even consider one of their products again -LRB- too many other good products out there . -RRB- Should have read the Amazon reviews before buying .
 If you are looking for a cheap thermometer with wireless outside temperature this would be a fine option.BUTit 's a real mess to adjust and DEACTIVATE the hi/lo temperature alarms ... . specially an automated alarm that sounds when there 's freezing temperatures outside , and its REALLY ANNOYING ! because if you have this little piece of crap in your bedroom or in the kitchen you will be woke up with a beep beep beep that you will not be able to figure how to deactivate . And after 20 or 30 minutes hear the beep again and again until madness takes on you.Since low temperatures appear on the night this stupid termomether will keep you leaving your bed until you smash it on the wall or remove the batteries from it.Be warned !
 When selling planter trays , the seller should list the INSIDE dimension of the item as this will be the information that will help the customer make a decision as to whether or not the tray will hold their desired plant . The measurement listed is 14 inches , which is correct for the OUTSIDE lip of the tray . The inside lip is the important part , however and that dimension is not listed.Two stars for bad information , Akro-Mils ! Edit to add : You can get a true-sized pan to meet your needs if you do n't mind spray-painting it to match the pot : http://www.amazon.com/Fat-Daddios-Anodized-Aluminum-Square/dp/B0000VZZMM/ref=sr_1_8?ie=UTF8&qid;=1357394334&sr;=8-8&keywords;=square+pan+16%22
 Purchased cover to protect BBQ from the elements in the Pacific NW . Cover was not inexpensive and I expected more . Two open vent pockets are on the top , on each side , allowing rain to penetrate the cover . I sent an email to Weber , suggesting that if vents are needed that they make the cover with a three sided flap covering the vent , like on boat covers , so that the rain does not penetrate the cover . In exisiting design the cover defeats the purpose of protection , in that water enters and remains trappped inside . No reply from Weber .
 THIS ITEM WAS NOT AVAILABLE WHEN IT WAS SUPPOSEDLY PROMISED , THEREFORE , I CANCELLED THE ORDER .
 This covers has a vent panel on each top side which allows rain to get in . Real dumb . Defeats the whole purpose . I now have another cover under the weber cover to prevent the rain from getting in . They should show a closer picure of the vents .
 PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS COVER and heed the advice of the low raters ! The vent screens are two squares that are positioned right above the side shelves . Rain/snow/wet gets in , runs down the side walls of the unit , inside and out , floods the drip pan and makes huge greasy messes inside the bottom cabinet . My normally calm , even-keeled wife has been screaming curses at Weber on several occassions cleaning up these aftermath . -LRB- FYI
 Fits perfectly on my Summit 650 w / velcro on each side to help it stay put.Downside is that there are ventilation screens over each side -LRB- just above each shelf -RRB- . When it rains/dews , water seeps through and you end up with spotted areas ... especially if you do n't often uncover and wipe it down .
 THERE ARE 2 VENTS IN THE TOP OF THIS COVER , which is not reflected in the photo on the box . Water gets in and the woman in customer service advised me to `` just wipe it off when it stops raining . '' What ?? Needless to say , I am surprised that such a class company would create such an idiotic cover .
 THESE SMOKERS DO NOT FIT ALL WEBER GAS GRILLS!LIKE NUMEROUS OTHER ITEMS THE SPECS AND OR WHAT MODELS THEY FIT ARE NOT LISTED .
 While I thank you for returning payment so quckly . . I still would like to have the pictured plant if you realy have it in stock . . If you do and will confirm the fact , I will reorder . The plant has slender long leaves and grows horzontally Base is wood stem polyscias FruticosaPlease resond even f you do not have and I will look elsewhereThank you in advance Alma Chomsky
 i thought bonsai would be something exotic . dont waste your money on this particular one . doesnt look any fancier than a plant growing on the side of the road .
 The plant came here all yellowing , hopeing I can bring it back to health . I am very good with all types of plants but this one arrived unhealthy
 This plant is so picky in how your care for it - cant have any air drafts around , have to water just right and have just right partial shade spot . . I killed mine , too finicky .
 i am very dissapointed in this product , it seems to be a sturdy little unit and waterproof , so far , but somebody forgot to tell the manufacturer that this thing is supposed to play music . the supplied headphones are so poor that i cant hear any music or my mpg books when swimming or in the hot tub and there is no way to use your own headphones as the unit will no longer be waterproof . i listen to audio books as mpegs and there is no bookmark featrue also turn it off and it wont remember where you left off so you spend many minutes trying to find your shut off point . and remember the only way to recharge is to connect it to a usb cable on a computer . try to use the oregonscientific website , yea right , its impossible , all Glitzy music and eye candy and not helpful at all . the company is not interested in your problems with the product . the only way possible to use this product is if i can figure out how to re-solder and seal new head phones into this unit so i can actually hear sound and then use them in the hot tub only , unless i can find a pair of water proof ear buds for swimming . actually i 'm wondering if this company can be sued under `` Rico '' for ` bait and switch ' , bottom line `` dont buy this worthless device ''
 I bought the OSI 512 MB Waterproof Mp3 player about 6 mos ago . The player has been totally waterproof so far . I have taken it in pools , hot tubs , and saunas with no problem . Although I am satisfied with the waterproof capability , I am dissatisfied with many other features . First , the headphones are of very poor quality , the sound is almost tinny and the ear pieces have repetedly shocked me , which has caused me to be wary of actually using the player . Another major downfall is that you have no ability to make playlists - the music is automatically arranged alphabetically , which makes it difficult and time consuming to find specific songs . Also , the player will not save your place when it is turned off , so you ca n't pick up in the middle of a song , and it is useless to try to listen to audiobooks . When uploading files , the drag and drop navigation is easy , but the limited file capacity is frusterating . Just a few m43 files basically use up all of the memory space . The warranty is a joke and OSI 's customer service is horrendous . Navigating through the equalizer modes is complicated and cumbersome . Overall , I am extremely disapointed with this purchase . I doubt I will ever buy another Oregon Scientific product again . Right now , I am only using the MP120 through the FM Transmitter in my car due to the poor sound quality and the earphone-shocking-issues . I am currently waiting for my i-pod 20GB to arrive and wishing that I had purchased that in the first place . If you are thinking of buying this product PLEASE consider it carefully , it is definitely Buyer Beware on this one .
 I definitely agree with Larry . The same things happened to me and the customer service keep saying that there is no complaint about the product . When I uploaded some songs , it said that the disk was full and after unplugged it from the computer it was completely dead . I went to the shop and they gave me another one . This one worked properly for a few times and then water leaked inside and it stopped working again . I went to the shop again and then I started having a lot of problem with the customer service . They wanted to charge me half of the price of a new one for the repair -LRB- around US$ 80 -RRB- and it was still under warranty as I have purchased it only 2 months before that . Beside that , the sound is really , really poor and the earphones , like the rest of the unit , are not waterproof at all and they do n't suit your ears . They keep falling . You can not swim with them , unless you wear something to hold them like a swim cap . The problem with the sound is really from its earphones because I 've tried with another ones and the sound was much better but you can not use your own earphones on the water because the design does n't allow you . And believe it or not , the only difference between normal earphones and this one is that those ones have rubber covers that keep falling all the time.Conclusion
 I purchased this product at J&R ; for around $ 149.00 . I got it because I wanted something small and light with a FM tuner that could be used for running . I also had an impression that OS was a good company . It was my first MP3 player purchase.I hooked up the device and installed the software on Win 2k with no problems . I loaded up a couple of albums pretty easily . The digimusic software provided with it is reasonable good , albeit somewhat slow.However , my first indication that something was up when I charged it for about 4 hours and it did n't indicate a full charge . I took it out for a run and within 5 minutes the unit shut down and stopped functioning completely . I tried to get it to work by plugging it back in , but to no avail . I ended up returning it to J&R ; for a full refund.I did n't get much time to play with all its features , but here 's a quick set of pros and cons . Overall , I am glad I did not get stuck with this unit , of course , I have n't found a good one yet to replace it.Pros1 . light2 . nice design , seemingly sturdy3 . one year warranty -LRB- rio is 90 days -RRB- 4 . supposedly water proof -LRB- 1 meter -RRB- , a salesman tried to say it was for ` divers ' 5 . good strong clip -LRB- but tight -RRB- 6 . rechargable batteryCons1 . it broke2 . the sound volume is ridiculously low , you could n't hear it unless you turned it way up . I wonder if at its max whether I would be able to hear well with traffic .3 . it comes basically in two pieces and to plug it in/charge it you have to unscrew the smaller bottom part . The headphones are built into the bottom piece , which you have to leave off if you want to use other head phones .4 . The water proof earplugs do n't really work well .5 . It comes with a bizarre pouch , but no arm strap .6 . The screen is really small and hard to read . The radio is hard to manuever around in , in either the preset of freq mode .7 . I played with RIO forge player and found its features much more intuitive and useful than the OS player .8 . charges -LRB- slowly
 I bought the 512MB version of this product , plugged it into my computer to charge -LRB- it charges from the USB port -RRB- , it flickered a few times then died completely . I contacted their customer service and have had absolutely no response or action . Apparently all they are interested in is taking your money and sending you a rather expensive plastic paperweight , as it can be used for almost nothing else . Build quality is also very poor -LRB- it is made in China -RRB- . Shame on Oregon Scientific for selling such a piece trash and then not even answering any of the customer queries for return or replacement .
 ... On the down side , after six months of proper usage , water has seeped in , the display is no longer visible , the unit does n't work , and the USB plug is rusted.I was initially pleased with my purchase . I solved the loose earbud problem by adding Jabra EarGels . I paid attention to the Oregon Scientific guidelines for the player-surface swimming only , for half an hour , and was careful about a tight seal after charging . However , after four months , the display had water in it . The player continued to work for another two months before quitting entirely.It has taken over six weeks for me hear back from Oregon Scientific on how to send the product back-and there is no guarantee they 'll fix it.So I have switched to an iPod Shuffle and an Otterbox waterproof box . It 's big and bulky , but I 'm betting it 's a far better investment than another Oregon Scientific product .
 I was very disappointed in this MP3 player since it 's the most popular waterproof available . I followed the instructions , but found water in the screen after two uses & rust-colored water coming out of the holes in the ear buds . The third time I tried to use it ... it would n't even power on.The player is difficult to use because each button performs multiple functions . Even with the manual in front of me , it 's confusing to operate . The buttons are small and VERY difficult to push . The water ear buds are uncomfortable & do n't stay in place while aqua-jogging . The screen is hard to read even when it 's illuminated . The clip comes off so easily that it 's almost impossible to clip the unit to anything b/c it just pops off.I would n't recommend this product to anyone for any reason . Fortunately , I 've recieved a full refund from the vendor.Thanks to the suggestion of another reviewer , I 've learned about Otterboxes . I 'll be buying an iPod Nano as soon as Otterbox markets the box to fit !
 I read the reviews and thought ... not going to happen to me . It did . This player worked a total of 10 times and then nothing . Do n't buy it ! It was nice to swim with , the head phones did suck , but I was n't expecting it to be great sound quality under water , apparently OS did not do proper R&D before launching this product .
 Do not buy this I bought this instead of an ipod . . big mistake !!! FOR MY BIRTHDAY : -LRB-
 Unit is easy to program but I have had nothing but problems with the ear-phones from day one . I was sent replacement rubber cups that protect the phones from water but they too come off . This design is not well suited for our ears , much less water , thus it is just a glorified expensive MP3 player and does not perform as advertised , water proof not with those ear-phones SHAME ON YOU O.S. take this unit off the market . I do not recommed this unit as water proof no way !!
 Good idea , but a flawed design ... and ridiculously poor customer service!The volume level and sound quality are poor , but it was so great to be able to water walk/dance with my own peppy music mix ! So I kept the unit anyway.Like other reviewers , I could not tolerate the size of the ear bud covers , so I used the unit without them , being very careful not to get the headphones wet , but one of the headphone speakers blew anyway -LRB- it developed a very annoying buzz/rattle -RRB- . That was in July , and it 's now October . I have called OSI customer service at least 7 or 8 times in this period , OSI has the worst customer service of any company I 've ever dealt with ! They promised twice to send me the replacement headphones , but failed to notify me that they were on backorder , so I had to call back repeatedly . They told me that they had gotten a shipment of headphones , but they were rusted , so they could n't send them out . Since they could n't get the headphones to me , they finally sent me an RMA to exchange the entire unit . That was 3-1/2 weeks ago . Last night , I got a package from OSI ... I was so excited ! But it the replacement speakers from July , but now I have no unit ! OSI customer service says it 'll being going out today , but I have lost all faith in them.My bottom line recommendation . Buy this mp3 player at your own risk ... and do n't expect it to work well , and do n't expect any product support for it .
 Although this player is waterproof & shock resistant the download is slow and cumberson and when the player is shut off it reverts back to the first song . I would not recomend this player .
 I have had some problems with keeping the ear buds in while swimming , and then later keeping the rubber covers on the ear buds -LRB- that problem manifested itself after 2 months of medium , but constant , use -RRB- . I am also completely unimpressed with Oregon Scientific 's customer service
 I read the bad reviews and knew what I was getting into but thought it would be ok . I was wrong . After two uses , the headphone connection started to go bad . If you tighten up the headphone bottom unit , to prevent water from getting into the unit , the headphone connection does not work . In my case , I loosened the headphone bottom unit just a little past extremely tight , to get the headphones to work , and water leaked into the unit . I have an extended warranty but it will not cover water damage . Nothing like a $ 100 paperweight . Having to remove and re-tighten the headphone bottom unit -LRB- to charge or download music -RRB- is this products downfall , because the headphone connection will go bad , like in my case , or you will not tighten the unit enough , again like in my case , and water will ruin the unit .
 I swim almost every day for about 30-45 minutes . I thought it would be really neat to try to add music to my workout so I got MP120 as it was the only player under 100 at that time . First thing I noticed about MP120 was that the headphone wires were too much in the way and needed to be tucked under the swimming cap or wound around the goggle strap . Second and far more annoying problem was that the ear buds would fall out whenever I immersed in the water or tried to do a flip . So if you are only planning to use a kick board , this player may be great for you , for free style , -LSB- ... -RSB- stroke , butter fly , or flips , I would n't recommend it.After about 3 months , the water started getting into the ear buds and I noticed corrosion in and around the headphone speakers . It was n't long before the left speaker started buzzing and the sound was seriously degraded.The customer support for Oregon Scientific is absolutely of the worst kind . Long wait times , false promises and no records of previous calls are all too common . I called three times just to get a request in for a replacement ear buds . The person took the request , and said they would ship a new replacement free of charge since the product was still under the warranty . After three weeks I still have n't received anything . I tried calling the support again and after about 40 minutes of waiting I got to the same person I talked to the last time , however he had no recollection of me and was not able to pull anything on his computer , so he took the order again . I called again 6 months later and asked if they could try shipping the replacement since I have n't received it , but this time I was told my product is no longer under warranty and that I would have to buy a new MP3 player . Nice.My next set will be Finis SwimMp3 Player which I have heard is superior in many ways.Update -LRB- April 4 , 2007 -RRB-
 We bought this motor to rotate a hanging whirlygig in the house . I struggled to get the motor to rotate in the direction I needed . You have to insert the battery backwards . It is noisy and the D-cell battery drained in a relatively short period of time -LRB- continuous operation -RRB- . To be economically reasonable , I will have to buy a rechargeable D-battery -LRB- or several -RRB- . Maybe my expectations were too high but this motor certainly did n't meet them .
 I bought this wire rack holder because the local hardware stores do n't sell them -LRB- probably because of their terrible quality ! -RRB- . I was very disappointed with this product .1 . The rack was the recommended product together with the window boxes -LRB- Dynamic Design HX2412FE Hampton 24-Inch Snap-Fit Poly Rim Window Box -RRB- that I got . However , THE WIRE HOLDER IS TOO WIDE FOR THIS WINDOW BOX ! DO NOT GET THIS HOLDER for the above-described boxes .2 . The quality is extremely poor - immediately after I put my boxes onto the holders , the bottom support bent . Also , the weight of the box -LRB- which was only a 24 '' box , and the holders are advertised to handle up to 36 '' -RRB- caused the over-the-rail joints to bend apart , and one joint to fail -LRB- more description below -RRB- .3 . The design is terrible . Also not clear from the pictures online is a description of the mechanism by which the holder hangs over the rail . The mechanism is
 Unless you have a very specifically shaped railing , this product will not work for you . Too bad they 're not willing to state that in the product description .
 This is not an adjustable box holder . It is an open ended , static box holder that is too big -LRB- deep -RRB- for standard window boxes . The only adjustable portion is the mounting bracket , but it is so poorly manufactured that it does n't hold -LRB- it fell off the railing as soon as I put the empty windox box onto the holder -RRB- . If you want it to stay in place , you will have to use 4 screws -LRB- not provided -RRB- to screw it into your wood railing -LRB- 2 screws per mounting bracket -RRB- ; if your railing is metal , you are out of luck . The manufacturing is terrible - the coating on the metal is thin in several spots , and will undoubtedly cause it to rust in the near future . The holder is also not squared , and the mounting brackets are n't even the same length . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY .
 Purchased 10 of these units - returned 2 due to missing parts -LRB- ! -RRB- . Used with 36 '' plastic flower beds - really a typical implementation for this holder . Craftsmanship of product is good , design and material are poor . The depth of the holder is roughly 9 '' and most flower boxes are 6 '' . Thus , the flower box will slide forward away from where the mounts are located - and the holder fails , bending badly and dropping the box -LRB- needed to construct a simple bracket that keeps the flower box pressed back against the back of the mount . The mounting bracket is in two pieces and comes with aluminum pan head screws and plastic/nylon nuts - pretty useless . Had to purchase additional bolts , washers and nuts.Am now adding forged metal brackets under each holder to stop them from failing ; bending over and dropping the plants after -LRB- moderate/normal -RRB- watering.Overall the holders are for light duty only . Hopefully the manufacturer will correct the design .
 Gloves were n't black & yellow . They came some funky grey color and smelled just as funky . They are rugged though .
 Hey , these gloves are pretty weak . If you need a pair to use for one or maybe at most two days , then fine , get these . If you need a decent pair of work gloves , do n't buy these . The material is just too thin . I wore through a finger in about 6 hours of use .
 Gloves were as described but were no better than a pair of work gloves that I could buy for half as much . I will blame it on myself for not shopping around first as I usually do but got taken on the price . I found these gloves much cheaper even with shipping than from here . I was going to return the order until I found out that I would have to pay for return shipping which would have then eaten into the savings of returning the gloves . These guys got me this time but it will not happen again . Gloves were as described but beware of the price .
 PURCHASED SEVERAL DEWALT ITEMS ... THOUGHT THEY WERE QUALITY ... I WAS WRONG !!!!!!!!!!! CHEAP $ 5 3 PACKS OF GLOVES LASTED LONGER . WITHIN 8 HOURS HAD HOLES THROUGH 1ST LAYER PREMIUM COWHIDE , SOON HOLES WERE CLEAN THROUGH AND I PUT ON CHEAP GLOVES THAT LASTED LONGER . GO TO MENARDS BUY PACKS OF 3 INSTEAD . I ENJOY MY DEWALT TOOLS AND I PUT THEM TO THE TEST OFFEN . RUN AWAY FROM THERE NON-TOOL ITEMS , I WILL FOR NOW ON !
 These are the same $ 1.89 gloves at Walmart except they have Dewalt name on them ! I know because I own the $ 1.89 gloves as well ! You make the choice.My family of 10 is the testing grounds and we give the real world exam !
 I got 1 pair they lasted a month before the first rip was in them so I got another pair after 2 days they ripped doing the exact same work both times .
 After the 2nd time I used the glove , the inside lining ripped loose and seeing that it could not be fixed I just ripped the rest of it out of the glove . Overall the exterior of the glove is fine but , the inside needs more quality .
 I used the gloves once for some normal gardening - cutting azaleas , hauling branches , etc. . They are total crap . Two of the finger seams on both gloves ripped where the leather and cloth meet . Useless . The funny joke is they have `` Guaranteed Tough '' printed on them ...
 the gloves are poor in quality . I used 1 pair for 2 weeks and now they are trashed . not heavy construction just around the yard . the palm wore out as well as 2 fingers . what should you expect for $ 7.00 dollars . if the gloves are made out of cowhide then it must have been a thin cow .
 I got these gloves because of the good price . I used them one time to clean the gutters out and they fell apart . Not great .
 These gloves worked well however around the cuff it is tearing and falling apart . I do a lot of work with gloves from planting new trees to wood projects to mowing the yard . I had some basic leather gloves from Home Depot for many years and they held up great until one of the fingers started to get a hole . I bought this pair of gloves as a replacement and they did n't even last 6 months . They were comfy , but not durable enough . As a DeWalt product I was very surprised to see the low quality . All my powertools are DeWalt and I love them , but these gloves were no good .
 I have had great experiences with Dewalt tools so I figured spending $ 7 on a pair of their gloves was a wise purchase . Wrong ! These gloves are garbage . After a couple wears the fabric and leather came apart and my pinky fingers are sticking out . Duct tape will fix that , but come on ! I agree that the cheap $ 2 gloves at your local store are a better buy .
 This was a gift for newly weds and it is so small that it will not hold a bottle of wine which is foolish considering it is for wine . They would do better to remove wine glasses and tools and sell a plan basket . As this basket is now it is like buying a car with no doors to get in .
 Vinyl seems of decent quality and the zipper seems fine as well . However , the stitching that holds one of the rods that give it shape came out on the 2nd use . Quality could definitely be better , but for now it still works .
 You need to place it so the zipper starts in the middle of the top . If you trying to put it on placing the zipper on the side like the picture implies , you will end of tearing it like I did . Once in place , it provides adequate weather protection . The vinyl is somewhat thin , which also contributed to it tearing .
 SOMEDAY I WILL LEARN , HA !!! VERY WEAK MATERIAL AND VERY BAD ZIPPER !!! SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY SOMETHING BETTER THAN THIS !!! DID NOT LAST 3 WEEKS !!!
 This item received one star not due to the product but due to the shipping charges . At $ 15.58 / 12.5 oz pkg when other sites charge about $ 5.50 it is prohibitive to buy them from Amazon . They work great to catch the drippings from the Weber Summit gas grills and make clean up very easy but you 'll need to order them from a third party at a cheaper shipping rate . They are also available a couple of other places on the web for a total cheaper price . I was going to line the grill 's permanent drip pan with heavy duty aluminum foil before I would pay Amazon 's shipping price ! Happily there was a third party site with a total charge of $ 5.49 for 2 sets !
 This particular hose is SO difficult !! It gives a low flame most of the time -LRB- I guess from the safety switch in it -RRB- . I have tried doing what other reviewers have suggested with mixed results -LRB- sometimes it would work , sometimes it would not -RRB- . I called Weber , and they said they now suggest turning the gas on -LRB- on the tank , not the grill -RRB- at a steady turn , and walking away for 2 minutes before starting the grill -LRB- basically do not touch the grill until after the 2 minutes -RRB- . I tried it one time and it seemed to be better , but who knows , it was only one time to test it out . I just think for this price , it should work flawlessly -LRB- at least do what it is supposed to do -RRB- . The only reason for 2 stars , is because it is convenient -LRB- and so much less expensive -RRB- to use the hose with a large tank when at home .
 the small screw on tanks work very well . But when using the adapter hose on a 20 lB tank the flame is too weak to grill , especially when the outside temp is in the 40s or lower.I 've tried slowly turning on the tank valve waiting a bit before lighting the grill , but the flame is still too low . I 'll have to wait til summer before I can use the 20 # tank with adapter hose again.EDIT
 We have had this for the year , althought havent really used it much since these past two weeks . Came home tonight to a hissing sound , walked toward the grill and smelt gas . Upon getting a flashlight we saw that the hose had been chewed thru and since we smelt gas we called the fire department who disconnected the hose for it the propane was leaking out thru the hose .
 Bought the coils , covered the hose tightly with coils and the squirrels still ate through ! I do n't understand it . The squirrels did n't touch the hose on my full-sized grill . Do n't buy this product -- it wo n't work and is too much of a hassle !!!
 Most Weber grills come with an LP tank with a quick release collar on the tank . This product requires a threaded collar , so it is basically worthless . But , Hometown Hearth and Grill a.k.a. Suburban Propane charges a 15 % restocking fee . This fee is not disclosed at all during the time of purchase . Do n't use this vendor
 I was sitting outside next to my grill , which I 've only had for about a month , when I heard a hiss and a pop and smelled gas . My Weber Adapter hose had just failed - a piece of the outer cover had popped off . So I called Weber and they gave me the `` it must have been a squirrel '' story which is highly unlikely -- first , I was there when it happened and second , I 've got a dog that hates squirrels ! Further investigation of the Weber web site -- they 've recalled a bunch of grills for defective hoses ! I 'm suspicious.And disappointed ! I love the grill but obviously this hose is not safe !
 I purchased two of these Weber hoses to connect a 20lb propane tank to my Weber BabyQ . Both hoses worked for about a day or two and then failed -LRB- stopped flowing gas -RRB- . I even replaced the propane tank to see if that was to blame but the problem persisted . The BabyQ works fine with the small screw in camping tanks . Finally I went down to the local BBQ shop and the sales person indicated that the problem with these hoses may be a known issue and that I should contact Weber -LRB- of course there is no way to know if this is true , but two failed with me so I am inclined to believe it -RRB- . I purchased one of their hookup lines and have been grilling happily ever since .
 Something just is n't right with either my Weber 200 or the adapter hose . I heeded all the advice and went right for the hose instead of using the blue tanks.Anyway , this setup is wayyy underpowered . And I 'm not sure what 's at fault . So to help troubleshoot I 'm going to buy a blue tank and hook it up to see if the flow is any better . I read the instructions on the hose about waiting a minute to turn it out , etc , etc. I can hold my hand over the flames for well over a minute , this thing just is n't getting hot enough . And the blue flames coming from the burners are barely visible , and when the wind blows they just about go out.I was looking forward to having the Weber 200 as my secondary grill -LRB- to the Weber Performer -RRB- and taking it camping and tailgating . So I hope it 's not the grill that is severly underpowered.As someone else said - this should be slamdunk but it is n't . One star rating until I can figure out what 's going on here .
 Bought the Weber Q for Christmas . Tried to grill that day . Weber Q does n't put out enough heat . Seems like the propane does n't flow well enough in the cold .
 Will not work for long . . Goes into emergeny mode after a few weeks
 I 've had this hose only two weeks and some animal chewed through the hose . I think it was a squirrel . Some of the other reviews say not to let food/grease fall on to the hose , but I 've had it only two weeks and my hose is very clean . The squirrels still chewed through the hose . I think Weber used a very tasty rubber or something . Do not buy this hose if you intended to leave your grill outside .
 I have had the same problems as those who comment below with this adapter hose . I ca n't grill using the adapter hose because there is not enough gas flowing to the grill . One day the hose would not work and I had an extra small blue tank -LRB- portable tank -RRB- and hooked that up and it worked fine -LRB- so its probably not the cold weather -RRB- . Something is wrong with the hose ... review below mentions waiting 60 seconds to turn the gas on the grill . I will go try that now and see if that works if it does n't then do n't waste your money on something that you ca n't use.EDIT : Used the directions below , and that seemed to make the hose work normally , I 'll change my rating to 4 stars .
 After replacing the regulator on my Weber Baby Q Grill I discovered theAdapter hose flow was restricted by a defect & the grill never worked witha 20 # tank . Now I need a new hose .
 Not the same brand but it is the same thing ... This ai n't brain surgery here kids ! lets keep it real !
 I bought this to go with my Weber Q . It worked maybe twice , and now I ca n't get any gas to the grill . I 've tried the reset procedure over and over . I 've tried opening the valve of the propane tank over a 10 minute period , then waiting 5 mins before trying to light the grill . Nothing works . Now I have a 20 lb propane tank that 's unusable with my grill . My advice , do n't frustrate yourself with this product . Obviously with this many people writing that it does n't work , odds are pretty good you 'll be disappointed like we are . ** Update
 Buy this hose only if you have no squirrels or other rodents where you live . They bite right through this Weber hose , they ruined mine after just 1 month of use . A far better product that does the same thing is the Freedom Grill FG-50HA hose . It is stainless steel braid hose , and animal proof . It is slightly shorter , but still plenty long enough to reach from the Q grill at table height to a 20 lb cylinder on the ground . Thanks for earlier reviews that point to the FG-50HA . I bought it and it works great with my Q.
 I would have loved this product if I were right handed . Maybe once I get the hang of it , it will work better with my left hand . But currently when I use my lefthand I ca n't see what I 'm cutting very well , so it works better in my right . I 'm not coordinated enough to trust myself on tricky projects with my right hand , so time will tell if this was a waste of my money or not .
 This is cheaply made and has the problem of not staying together well . The plastic nut that holds the blade on keeps falling off . Cuts well , but I would n't buy it again .
 Buy a more expensive cutter !!! You defiantly get what you pay for . I started to use it when making a quilt and it began to fall apart almost from the start , the screw that holds the blade in is attached to the safety -LRB- or not so safe -RRB- guard and the screw begins to loosen with every roll of the blade . By about 3 cuts I am tightening this screw and if you tighten it to much the blade does n't move but then the blade is loose and making crazy lines . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 I used this rotary cutter all of 3 times and then the blade suddenly went dull on me . I was surprised at how little I had used it and it was already time to change the blade ? I decided to go with another brand because I asked some other people if it was normal . One of my friends had never changed a blade and has been sewing for several years . I learned my lesson from buying something so cheap and then getting poor results .
 I bought this based on the reviews , the blade is loose and wobbily even after tightening the bolt . I could n't understand why it was flopping around so I had my husband check to see if it was put together correctly , he could n't figure out why it was floppy either . Returned it .
 I bought this for my wife received it very fast just one problem the blade was so dull it would n't cut hot butter . Had to go to Wal-Mart and pay $ 5.99 for a new blade which is not good since the cutter was $ 7.00 so one star it is . Would have been better off just buying one from Wal-Mart she 's looking for other sewing accessories but not from Fiskars.Update , they were were supposed to send my wife a new blade for this cutter on Nov. 20th still have n't seen it , ca n't take that long to ship a blade so goodbye to Fiskars she 'll get her sewing supplies else where . Wasted money for a useless product and people wonder why this country is goung down the crapper . So if i could i 'd give this seller no stars stay away from them if the customer sevice is this bad .
 well the reason i ordered online was because in the store they were 36 dollars and i paid just 11 dollars for these and as soon as i tried them took me awhile to figure how hard i need to press for them to cut maybe they cut paper well but i need them to cut fabric better maybe i should get new different brand cutter but they still are very sharp so i guess i will just have to use what i have now the constuction seems weak hope they do not break on me while i am using them i wish they were made of harder plastic and metal but i guess you get what you pay for next time i will spend more money for a better product holding them leaves a sour taste in my mouth they just feel cheap here is to hoping they hold out after my project i have a lot of fabric to cut
 I like the form factor , I like how eazy the blade comes is unprotected , protected . But I 'm not sure it really does that great of a job , I bought it for the wife to cut down boxes -LRB- we buy way too much through Amazon -RRB- , and she really does n't like it.It is probably a great hobby blade , scrapbooking etc , but for heavier around the house tasks , eh . .
 I am very unhappy with this product , I finally got the material and started to cut the squares for a quilt and the advertisement and packaging stated it can cut through &#34; multiple layers of fabric , paper , felt and vinyl &#34; . Well I tried 3 pieces of thin cotton and it would not cut period , checked blade it is in correct , went to one layer and still have to run blade over the cut several times and it still would not cut through the material , had to finish some cuts with scissors . Not impressed with this expensive piece of junk
 While I like the handle design of this cutter , the blade it came with could n't cut a slice of pie . I tried to cut through two layers of muslin . Plain old muslin . It could n't do it although the packaging states , &#34; Cuts through materials including several layers of fabric , paper , felt and vinyl &#34; . So I tried cutting through just one layer of muslin . It made a few half inch slits after I ran the cutter over the muslin 5 or 6 times but it never cut through a 14 inch length , I wound up using scissors . I 've had great luck with Fiskars ' scissors but I 'm not even going to try replacement blades for this . If the blade that came with the product ca n't cut , right out of the package , what hope would I hold for more blades ? None . Time to switch brands .
 I guess you get what you pay for . This was very cheapily made . Ever time I would try to cut a piece of fabric , the blade would come loose from the rotarty cutter and ruin that piece of my fabric .
 I used to have a rotary cutter that had a guard that was spring-loaded so the blade only came out when I pressed down to cut . That way I could slide the cutter sideways up to the ruler edge and cut . The blade on this one is always exposed and I have to carefully position it . It takes more time and I nick it on the ruler edge frequently . It has a comfortable handle , but that does n't outweigh the drawbacks for me .
 I bought this cutter because of the reviews it got here on Amazon . Unfortunately I can not say I like it much at all and I 'm hoping Santa brings me a new one this year . It barely cuts through 1 layer cleanly and if you put even the slightest pressure on it the blade pops back up under the safety guard . Really not a great pair of these - maybe if you 're a beginner go for it but its been nothing but frustrating for me .
 They are very hard to manuver around corners and you have to push very hard to get them to cut .
 I bought this to cut paper and lightweight cardstock . The blade is n't sharp enough to cut either of those . The construction of the product itself is good but the blade is dull and useless . Maybe I got a refurbished item and they did n't tell me or something ? Not sure . Disappointed , though .
 Do n't know if Olfa 's are any better , but I can tell you that unless you buy a blade sharpener , plan on spending boo-coo bucks on blades just to finish your quilt . And do n't drop your rotary cutter on a hard floor , the blades will be totally messed up after that . I 'm sure that 's true with any rotary cutter , so be careful .
 Bought this a while ago based on all the praising reviews . It cuts single sheets of paper like butter , BUT that 's the only thing it ever cut . The blade is sooooo dull that by the time I 'm done cutting a 2 layers of cotton fabric -LRB- really thin -RRB- my hand is killing me from pressing the blade down . Ordered new blades , same thing !!! The button for blade retraction is a pain in the `` neck '' because when I press down on the blade very hard I usually touch it by accident and the -LSB- dull -RSB- blade retracts . Very annoying and not worth the money . I will be looking for another manufacturer to purchase this product from .
 I am not happy with this product . It does not seem sharp enough . When I cut with it , it hardly cuts through one piece of fabric and not very good at that . Some pieces cut and some do not . I bought this because some of my friends had this type of cutter and it worked great . I had to end up using my sicssors .
 I bought this to cut fabric for quilting but it did n't work out so well . I bought a cutting mat and everything , but I still had to press really hard to cut the fabric and it made it hard to cut accurately . I went back to scissors for cutting fabric . I started using it for cutting paper for scrapbooking and stuff and it works well for that ! I guess I 'll try a better brand like Olfa or a higher end Fiskars for fabric .
 Had no problem for the first 2 months , since that time , after the slow twist instructions , I have been able to lite it ZERO times ... Tried for the last time , for two hours yesterday ... Changed tanks & everything else I could of ... Hope to find another hose that will work ... What good is a great little grill if it will not light . ??? ... Dave Hoover
 I keep my grill on the covered patio . I love the grill , but threw out the cover because I never felt the need to put it on the grill ... you 've got ta wait until the grill is cool , then you lose interest in the cover .
 These mats are sturdy and do keep most debris from getting inside the house ... BUT ... I specifically ordered them because of the blue trim to match my new shutters ... within a week they were faded to a bright turqoise ... I expected much more for the price ...
 When I received this mat , I agreed with other reviews here . It was beautiful , the perfect size and color , and looked well made . Two short weeks later , the rubber has started to blister and peel . It looks a mess . And we have not even had any harsh weather . What a disappointment.I have contacted Lewis Hyman , and will update if they back up the product .
 I have had 2 of these for a couple of years . I bought them new for $ 89 each and put them together with help from a friend . They were tricky to assemble on the base , and flimsy . I had issues immediately with the way the lids on each side attach to the plastic roof member which supports them , they are difficult to seat in the groove and then if raising them too high to get into them , they release the whole lid making it fall off . Also , the arms the lock the plastic lids down to the base are very brittle and snap off easily . I ca n't get replacement parts either as its made in Isreal . If I were to do this again , I 'd go with a nicer , dual walled polycarbonate unit that has aluminum fittings and not plastic in critical places like latches and pins . Do n't waste your money !
 If you open the tops a little too much they become unhinged and are very very difficult to get back into the slots . Other then the horrible hinges it did protect my plants . Because of the difficulty in trying to get the tops on , I gave it away . I would not recommend this product .
 This is about as good as the sewing kits you get for free in hotels .
 The sewing kit I received looks exactly like the one in the picture , but it is NOT Fiskars brand , which is why I bought it in the first place . I saw it and thought that Fiskars would make a good travel sewing kit . This is a cheap , made in Taiwan sewing kit by some company called Dura Sharp . The scissors -LRB- what Fiskars are world-famous for -RRB- will not even cut thread ! This is a really cheap kit that belongs in a 99 store . I would NOT recommend this to anyone !
 I have to admit that I was disappointed with this item . I really figured it was going to be larger . I bought this as a Christmas present for my mother and was ashamed to give it to her . I had seen many items like this in the store and was expecting something of similar quality . It was very flimsy and the quality was just not that good . I do not see it holding up for one season outdoors .
 Ca n't believe this can be the same set of wind chimes that 's received so many positive reviews . Absolutely the worst online purchase this year . Unfortunately , the box was accidentally thrown out before I had a chance to hang it , which is the only reason it has n't been sent back . I 've seen wind chimes at drugstore checkout displays that appear to be much better quality at a fraction of the cost . This thing is cheap , lightweight , and basically useless . The washer in the center of mine is very small - it 's either too small to touch more than one of the bars at any given time or the bars themselves are set too far apart - likely both . The diamond-shaped piece that hangs down to catch the wind is , like the rest of the set , so lightweight that it barely moves in a breeze AND it 's unfinished , so the edges are sharp . In any case , I could n't get it to chime even hanging in front of a small electric fan . The only way I 've found to get it to make sound -LRB- and the sound IS pleasant , when you can get it -RRB- is to hang it indoors , between window mini blinds and curtains so that the chimes are constricted between the two , forcing the bars close enough to washer to touch and make sound when incoming wind moves blinds , forcing chimes into curtains ! This is an option only on breezy days when it 's warm enough to have window open , so it 's far from optimal.I 'd strongly recommend avoiding this one but if you decide to chance it , do NOT toss the box until you 've tried it out .
 I bought this pump in March 2011 and it failed -LRB- internal seal ruined motor -RRB- within five months of operation . Polaris replaced it under warranty . The replacement motor failed in a year and Polaris said that it was not under warranty since the warranty period was a year from when I bought the first motor -LRB- so the replacement motor had in reality a seven month warranty -RRB- . I agree that this motor is noticeably quiet and at first I was very happy with my purchase . However , I have three other pumps for my pool -LRB- main , spa , and waterfall -RRB- I had to replace my main pump after five years of operation , my spa and waterfall pump have lasted over eight years . I think an average life of eight months for a pump is unacceptable . I think Polaris should be ashamed for refusing to replace the second motor under warranty . Clearly there are quality control issues with this pump . In fact , their factory representative told me that no one uses it in my area -LRB- Central Texas -RRB- because of these issues .
 I bought this pump , hooked it up , and it worked for less than 24 hours . I assumed that it must have gotten clogged , so I examined it and could n't find any debris . I could get it to pump for a brief period of time by unplugging it , shaking it around a bit , and then reconnecting but who wants to do that 10 times a day ? I contacted them and found that they 'd replace it but only if I shell out more money to ship their defective device back to them . No thank you.Another problem with the device is that the power cord is only 6 ' long . That 's probably fine if you 're going to use it in an aquarium , but for an outdoor water feature it 's unacceptable . I do n't like using extension cords outdoors on a long-term basis.A couple years ago I bought a UV light that was dead out of the box and recently discovered that it was also a Cal Pump product . I 've owned two Cal Pump products and neither have worked . Quality control seems to be a serious problem with this company so I will avoid them in the future .
 The plant was dead when arrived :-LRB- Was n't very happy !! ... . Can I get a replacement ?? You may contact me !
 This is not the plant I ordered , as you can see by the picture.the plant was brigth green instead it was dark and smelled awful .
 you could find nicer aloe at a near by store . this one is small and it came . Many of the aloe stems were damaged . i think i 'll just throw it away and buy another one at the store near my house .
 Amazon will do nothing about these people so be very careful.Items Ordered1 of
 This item was listed with The Droll Yankee Flipper as used , which I of course assumed was a used bird feeder . While I realize that the price , even for a used feeder , seemed very low , I was shocked when the shipment notification said it was nothing more than a video . I had previously purchased the The Yankee Flipper and this video came FREE with the feeder . Fool me once , but certainly not again !
 Great price and thought it would work based on some of the more positive reviews . But ... either this unit is low powered or the flys in my part of the country need 220 volts to kill them . -LRB- I live in northern calif. -RRB- I have shocked flys with the accompanying sparks and smoke only to have them power up and lift off out of the unit and fly away . One benefit not listed on the packaging is its abilty to bring happiness . My wife has had no lack of humor laughing as she watches me chase , shock and then rechase and shock the same flys who defy death . Oh well , from a physical fitness aerobic standpoint this unit cant be beat . And rather than invest in costly pulse monitoring equipment using this unit puts you on the move making every attempted kill event an experience just shy of your target heart rate .
 Product received promptly . Purchased two zappers but could not get batteries to stay in one . The company promptly sent another , which worked OK .
 I 'm really surprised by the previous reviews . I bought this one week a go and do NOTHING to bugs , you actualy have to `` kill '' the bug -LRB- mosquito , fly , etc -RRB- by TORTURING it , you will find yourself pressing the 2 buttons for as much as 10-20 seconds in order to kill the bug , if you just zap it for a few seconds you will only torture the bug , like giving it an electroshock and leaving it with epilepsy . . A HUGE WASTE OF MONEY .
 Warehouse - supply advertises that they have the Niger flag when in fact they do not . When I ordered the flag , it was confirmed , then I was sent the Nigerian flag . It took over a week to get in touch with someone at the company because they did not respond to emails , they have strange business hours , and their phone mailbox is full . When I did get in touch with the company , they corrected my order and told me the new flag would arrive in a few days . Well , a few days later , I received an email from Amazon giving me a refund for the product . I did get my money back , but the company is REALLY hard to get in touch with . Also , they still currently advertise that the product is in stock when it is not . DO NOT ORDER !!
 Not the strongest system ; will have to reinforce it . Not being a carpenter or having many woodworking tools , the kit does make it easier with no angle cuts . Overall , would consider something else if doing it again .
 This is crap . I have my shed half way built and all my friends that know how to do this are asking why the hell the instructions say to build it this way . The brackets are crap and keep folding over and all the studs are shaky . I think I am going to have to pull it all down get rid of the crap worthless brackets and the instructions -LRB- ie the whole shed kit -RRB- and finish this thing with some free guides on the internet . I could have had all my walls up last weekend if it were n't for the bad instructions and poor quality of this kit . What a waste of time and money ! Great thanks to this product I get to rip it all down and start from the ground floor -LRB- which is solid because I found other instructions for that on line -RRB- . Damn !
 Win I received I shocked these is not same the A 's the picture and I ca n't retained it again because I m traveling to Saudi Arabia
 This Shed Kit is pretty worthless . It 's like a con man giving you a few pieces of scrap and a paper and telling you how to build a great Shed . Well , guess what , you need just about everything to put it together ! Yes folks , so why would anyone in their right mind purchase this Shed Kit?If you already know that you need a Shed , either build it , or buy one , it 'll come out the same and save you what you pay for `` instructions '' .
 The sensors have a very short range , and the 2 display units eat batteries like crazy . They only last about 3-4 weeks .
 After 3 calls to the manufacturer and the product still would not work I got a return authorization from Amazon and a credit has been issued . The product does not work !!!
 I sat all three units next to each for over a day , and they all had different readings the entire time . The indoor temps were different by about 1 degree and a half . But , strangely , the signal coming from the outdoor unit showed up as 82.3 on one unit and 83.5 on the other unit . The temp continued to be different all day , even though they were right next to each other . And when I finally hung up the outdoor unit , the signal would not transmit across the room , which is only about 20 feet . These are ok if you want a general idea of what the temp is , but not if you need it to be accurate .
 It works fine for the first couple of hours and then one or both of the interior monitors for the outside temperature stop working . Have called technical support and followed their instructions , continually moving the monitors around the house in hope of find a location that will work - no luck . Their most recent answer was to return it to Amazon 's vendor , after they asked `` Do you have aluminum siding ? '' When I said no , `` We have stucco , '' their answer was `` Oh , well that 's your problem . '' Well then , exactly what sort of housing material DOES it work with ? Also you ca n't any of the sensors within 10 feet of an electronic appliance -LRB- or with any electronic devices between the interior and exterior monitor -RRB- - severe limitation these days .
 1 receiver works great , the other 1 receives the outdoor temperature very seldom even when the units are side by side with new batteries .
 This turned out to be a terrible product . The display is impossible to read from only 10 feet away because of the tiny size of the display . The actual display screen is only 7/8 x 1.75 inches with no minimal contrast . Most of the time I do n't receive a signal to display the outdoor temperature which is why I purcased this unit . Spend your money on something else .
 These are junk . I 've changed batteries , move units , sat units next to receiver only to get a rare and occasional reading . What a giant waste of money .
 Only two weeks with brand new energizer batteries in the transmitter before they needed to be replaced ! This could be very expensive to run on an annual bases ! 6 weeks now going on fourth set of Energizers ! In a month and a half this has cost me more in batteries than this thermalmeter cost !! This is for the transmitter , not the receivers . Receivers still on original set .
 Erratic operation with the sending unit outside . Fresh batteries produce stable operation for a short time then failure to communicate with the indoor stations . I would not recommend this unit .
 Rather than make any actual `` running '' motions , the hamster really shakes around a little while the wheel turns slightly whenever the minute hand moves . Not all that exciting .
 THE ITEM LOOKS EASY TO USE BUT IT DOSE N'T WORK . THERE WERE NO INSTRUCTIONS ON USE.THE WICK STAYS DRY . I HAVE SEVERAL PEOPLE CHECK IT OUT AND THEY CAN NOT GET IT TO WORK
 Very weak . Sprayed weeds growning through wood mulch and only result was turning from green to yellow . Not strong enough .
 I dont know what happened . We followed instructions on spraying this over the weeds in between our stone steps but it seemed to have no effect .
 I ordered this bird bath as a gift and when it arrived it was minus the stand that was shown in the photo . Nowhere was it mentioned that the stand was not included . This item will be returned .
 The picture of this item does not capture the carnival-clown stripe color mix that this really is . If you like Circus-Circus in Vegas this is the bench pad for you . The picture makes it look like several broad toned conservative stripes.I do n't think Cher would keep this fabric . YUCK
 The extension has a problem and it has to do with the connectors ICP uses . They have an o-ring for water protection but the o-ring wears out and crumbles after verly little time in the outdoors . As for the ICP panel I bought it for , it cracked withing 2 years of installation . ICP did not honor its 5 year warranty , saying it cracked due to getting flexed . It was mounted on a 3/4 inch board so there was no flex . ICP was not helpful . There are other panels on Amazon that I am now using that are half the cost , perform well , have better universal connectors , and above all , last .
 The picture of this item does not capture the carnival-clown stripe color mix that this really is . If you like Circus-Circus in Vegas this is the bench pad for you . The picture makes it look like several broad toned conservative stripes.I do n't think Cher would keep this fabric . YUCK
 This machete comes without an edge . You will have to grind or file an edge on it . As I am still working to put an edge on it , I do not know how well it works in practice .
 I bought this thing 7 months ago & it does n't clean the pool . It 's hard pipe design , does n't let it get around in the middle of the pool & also gets itself tangled into knots . The pipe just came apart in the pool yesterday , so now I have to go buy a new pool cleaner . Very expensive product that does n't work at all !!!!
 This worked great for about 6 months . Then the spinning mechanism timer jammed , and I had to pull it apart to make it work again . It worked , again , for a month or two , but it broke again , it would just go in circles . I took it in to the pool place this time , and they said they had to replace several parts , including the the drive belts . All in the first seasons . This season , we opened the pool , tossed the cleaner in , and ... . No go.The spinning mechanism was again jammed . I cleared this , and it worked for a couple of days . Then the bag started dumping the contents back out when you pull the cleaner out of the pool . So , a new bag , and we 're on our way again ... . Not so fast . Several of the connections along the hose broke on the next day , the clips just broke off and left the cleaner stranded . I replaced those . Today , I went out , and the clips on several more sections are broken , and the cleaner is stranded again . I pulled the cleaner out of the pool ... And it dumped the contents in the bag on the way out.Time to replace it -- quite an expensive situation , since I also had to buy a pump for this thing , and with all the repair costs , it 's come out to a couple of thousand dollars in parts and repairs . It 's really not worth it at all .
 The Phantom is overpriced and really poorly designed . We just had ours replaced after basically every part of it -LRB- hose , housing , wheels , jets -RRB- had broken - our pool expert -LRB- NOT a Leslie 's employee pushing the Phantom -RRB- confirmed that the issues we had occur widely among his other customers and shared some other horror stories.We also had similar problems to Franklin , where the Phantom would get twisted up and generally stuck in anything even closely resembling a corner ... We ended up switching to the Polaris 380 instead . We had a Polaris model at our last house and were really happy with it , based on initial results I 'm very happy with our decision .
 This is not an indoor bonsai tree . Tree was advertised as indoors , it came with welcome information on receiving your new OUTDOOR tree . It wont last on my desk , as planned . The poor thing is starting to lose all it 's leaves . Very disappointed in the description . It 's an adorable tree , I guess I 'll put it outdoors and see how it goes .
 Plant showed up about a week after ordering and was covered in a white fungus or mold . . I do n't know what to do about it and I do n't want to put it near my other plants . I bought it from 9greenbox and I contacted them but am waiting to hear back from them . . The tree does not look like the photo at all and is in a pot that seems way too small for the tree . The tree seems rather weak looking in terms of health and beauty . . I was looking forward to it and was hoping I would get the brussels tree from brussels because the last bonsai I had bought was actually from them and was a great plant . . Do not buy from this seller if you are looking to get the brussels tree . .
 It was cold when the plant was delivered , do n't know how long it sat outside or on the truck , but must have gotten frozen during transport , leaves shriveled and dropped and now the plant looks dead . I will hold on to it for a while to see if it revives .
 My bonsai came with spider mites and slugs . The soil was regular potting soil , not free draining . Some of the wiring was left on the tree . Additionally , 75 % of the leaves were defoliated . Do n't buy ...
 Here 's a list of everything that 's wrong with my tree * infested with fungus gnat larvae * yellowing leaf 's * wiring marks on the trunk * not 8 to 9 inches * delivered in 5 days not two day shipment * might have root rotAll I hope is that my poor little tree will make it.you would think I would want to return my tree but I do n't want to give up on it yet : -RRB- Brussel 's CT9005CE Chinese Elm Bonsai
 I sent this to my mother , and it showed up dead , she threw it out , so I ca n't even return it . DONT BUY THIS ON ANY CIRCUMSTANCES !!!!
 Wish I could tell you the plant was beautiful , but it did n't arrive before Christmas as promised . Delivery date was 12-23-2010 . I ordered it 12-18-2010 . It 's Christmas day and my mother-in-law called to see if I got her present . Of course she said she did n't receive anything from us .
 i was pleased with the plant itself - - BUT the vase was in a thousand little pcs ! would cost to much to send back - I replanted , but not looking as good
 I followed all the instructions labeled on the tree and it still died within a week . Do n't buy ! Do n't let the cheap price fool you .
 Wondering if it will liven up in spring . If not it was a total waste of money . The pot it was shipped in does not hold water . Water leaks out all over table until I realized . So far , not happy
 I just recieved my Bonsai tree , it looks more like a dead stick jamed into a crappy little container . When I opened the package the tree did n't have a single leaf on it and appears to be completly dead . Do n't waste your money !
 I bought three of these to give as xmas presents . They all arrived with brown leaves falling off daily as I hoped the shock would ware off in the week before xmas . More leaves just brown and fall off daily . What a waste off money . Off I go to buy three new gifts .
 While I am not an expert in Bonsai , it appears that neither was the person who was growing this tree . The tree that I received had very little if any resemblance with the tree that is shown in the photo . I would be careful before buying bonsai tree 's online unless you are seeing the actual tree that you are going to get . This tree was just a chop job of trimming and there were a few scars on the trunk where wire had been left on too long and too tightly during the training process . I would invite others to think twice before buying this tree .
 Hey , I 've had this tree for about a month and at first all the leaves started to turn yellow , then they started to fall off . It was BEAUTIFUL when it got here and then it immediately started dying . There are still a few leaves which look alive , but all of the leaves are brittle and if you touch them they fall from the branch . I think its dead , and I do n't think its my fault . I 'm not a `` green thumb '' but I have plenty of plants , including a jade bonsai which i got from a friends cutting and grew all by myself -LRB- so I thought this one which was prepotted and pregrown would be no problem -RRB- . Although this is my first bonsai , its definitely not my first plant , and its not like I did n't go into this totally unprepared , I read all about it and followed all the directions . Indoors . It gets a whole days worth of moderate sun . I water it enough to lightly soak the soil every day ten days . The first time I did it , I watered it more than that , and I was afraid that 's what hurt it -LRB- but its not like I watered it a LOT , the soil was just very damp - besides it has such a good drainage system I did n't think overwatering would be as much of a problem -RRB- . Anyways , I 'm very disappointed . Maybe it was a bit shocked from the travel but it should have recovered by now ? I 'll update if I can nurse it back to health but winter is coming and I 'm worried for its health and although I still treat it as if it is alive , I 'm pretty sure its dead .
 The add said that it was a Deluxe Rope Hammock with Stand what I got was a string hammock not rope and no stand .
 I received this tree two days ago and noticed the pot was smashed inside the box . The soil was all over the bottom of the box as well . If just a little more time was taken to protect the bot then this would not have happened . I took the tree out of the old pot and also noticed that the wire used to hold the tree in place was digging into the tree really bad . This worries me as it was in the trunk about 1/4 '' . I will be pushing for my money back AND I am not returning this junk .
 when the item was received the pot was cracked in two places , rather then return it and hope the next one was OK , I patched it and plan to re-pot it !! I was not happy over the shipment being broken , but the plant is beautiful !!
 The tree and pot which arrived were not the ones pictured . Also , the trunk has several indentions and rust spots from where improper wire was left on the trunk too long . I expected better .
 The tree in the picture is full , colorful , and well healthy . The tree you receive will likely be none of these things . It will be alive , and may someday be like the one in your picture . However , the one in the picture is a $ 40 dollar tree , the one you receive is a $ 15 garage sale tree .
 Bought this as a requested gift . Kind of sick looking when I got it , but the receipant was thrilled with it .
 It worked great for about 20 hours usage , then it stopped advancing the pucks automatically.Pressing the manual button ejects a puck just fine.I took it apart and inside everything is clean and all wiring is connected.Edit
 This thing worked like a charm for about four months . The smoke was perfect . I loved it . Then it started feeding the smoke biscuits continually instead of one every 15 minutes . I took it apart and could n't get it to stop . Probably a lower tech approach to smoke generation would work more reliably.I 've seen a few other brands and models on the market so I 'll try one of those .
 I bought the Bradley smoke generator to modify the smoke I have . Smoke generation is very disappointing . Smoked ribs for 6 hours at 200 F -LRB- separate temp control -RRB- and smoke flavour was very minimal .
 I purchased one to adapt to my stainless smoker . It worked well for about 10 times , then the heating element melted the metal around it , and the mechanizm that advances the ` pucks ' jammed , then ran constantly . Unfortunately , its still the best on the market . I would avoid anything like this made in China . It will be less expensive , but poor quality . The stainless BBQs made in China are made from scrap , and the gas regulators are garbage . Buyer Beware
 I received a wrong kit , I called 4 deferent places to return or get to the right ket . Yet the order is not right . It is coasting me a lot of time and money .
 I bought this from Amazon -LRB- not the seller depicted currently -RRB- . The plant looked great on arrival , but it died with 15 days , despite trying very hard and following all instructions . I wonder if shipping in a box -LRB- and depriving light , etc for 2-4 days -RRB- causes such damage .
 Yes it came packed very nicely like the other reviews say , it even got here earlier than I expected.What I was upset about is really how ugly this tree is . I was n't expecting something as perfectly manicured as what is shown in the picture but I definitely was n't expecting the Hackjob that arrived on my doorstep . It looked like it someone had just lopped off about a foot in order for it to fit in the box ... I just got it an hour ago and I 'm seriously debating returning it because I do n't know if I have it in my to make this look like anything other than a diseased , half-dead stick with some leaves glued on.The trunk is very straight which is nice , and even with the free shipping it still arrived with moist soil . The pot is also very nice . The reason for a 2 star instead of a 1 or less .
 Picture a straight stick , lopped off at the top , with a few bare branches a few tiny bits of green , and you have this `` bonsai '' plant . Very well packed , but pathetic when unpacked , the only resemblance to the photos on the Amazon page would be the pot , which is identical . We received this as sympathy gift after death in family . Hard to imagine a more absurd item . Noted this to the sender , who apparently complained and got a second sent , very similar to the first . Deceptive photo , this item needs a strong disclaimer against use as a gift .
 Good size but the most primitive pruning.I would have preferred that they had n't pruned it at all and just left it for me to do . Really bad job for a bonsai .
 The tree was well packaged and came quickly , but was dead . I would have liked some written instructions about the tree rather than a recommendation to call the seller . I was also not sure whether the tree was dormant and was perhaps supposed to look the way it does -LRB- in December . -RRB- I 'm still hoping it may revive , so I 'm hanging on to it . It was intended as a gift to celebrate a marriage , but I could n't give a dead looking tree in that circumstance .
 The tree is very ugly ... was not cut in away to look like a little tree . . the tree is huge which is nice but has a very very ugly top . . looks like some one potted a bush . . Cheap to buy but nothing like a bonsai . Looks like my 4 year old made this . Sad this was a present . : -LRB-
 Soooooo upset by this order . Ordered this as a christmas gift for my brother-in-law who LOVES the redwoods . When it arrived , it was deader than dead . It was the saddest looking stump I have ever seen in my life . Charlie Brown 's Christmas Tree looks lush and full by comparison . Never have I been so upset by a purchase through Amazon .
 I recieved this product from lou 's bonsai and it was such a disapointment . First off when opening the box the pot was in pieces . I can understand that this happens , but the plant was in horrible condition . It looked like nothing in the picture . I understand that this was not the same tree but it was apparent that the grower just lopped off the top of the tree and grew it like a plant . It looks horrible . My roommate was against me displaying it in our living room because of the crappy look it has . I was so disapointed I am an avid collector of bonsai trees and it will take years for this bush to look like a tree again . I contacted lou who told me he was going to reship but that never happened . DO NOT BUY FROM LOU 'S BONSAI . They totally ruined everything about this transaction
 The tree was well packaged and came watered . I will say it was younger then what the picture showed . * updatI unpacked it and put in indirect sunlight and watered as suggested . All was going well but three weeks later it was dead.Tree traveled from across the country and I am not sure how long it was in the box as it was a gift . But I will say I am not sure this was a factor.Amazon wise I have one good tree still going and one dead tree ... * update * Well now . I did n't dispose of the tree and found a new limb sprout . Will update as I try to recover this tree .
 Tree is totally brown and appears dead ... trimmed quite funky . I can only hope it may sprout something in the spring .
 horrific ! It looked like they had just found a twig and loped off the top ! And that was just for starters . It was sent in the middle of winter -LRB- a Christmas gift from my mom and dad I might add -RRB- But it was still had n't droped it 's leaves . It was poorly potted , like they were going for a root over rock style with out the rock.the top was cut off and it had 2 leading shoots . Needeles to say it it held on to it 's needles all winter and never really went through a dormant peroied . It finaly droped it 's dry as bones leaves near the end of winter but then spring came and it strugled and tried to bud out but failed and is dead very dead ... I checked . This was the worst attempt at a bonsai I have ever seen , for this type of tree I could not think of a worse specimen then the one this company -LRB- and I use the term companay loosly -RRB- sent me . Stay away form this company ! If could give a less then one star rating I would !!!
 The tree itself was n't as pictured , and the pot it arrived in was cracked . The company is working with us , but it 's a slow process .
 I just received my redwood bonsai . I did n't expect it to be in the greatest condition but this was extreme . Not 1 leaf on it ! Sure I can send it back but I would like to speak to someone about it . Will it get leaves ? It 's always a hassle sending items back .
 just like the review that i had read , came with the base wrapped securely , but that wont make up for the top being chopped off or the fact that almost all the branches were dead & the one leaf on it fell off before I could set it on my table . I am so disappointed . I dont know who to contact about this scrawny little tree
 This bonzai arrived without a single needle on it , with an atrocious pruning job . I am definitely returning this tree .
 not sure what to say just yet . the tree was n't what i had expected it looked like they put a stick in the pot hacked it a little and sent it on its way . after 4 days the leaves all turned brown and limp . i am hopeing it is just a phase but i will wait it out and see . i have ordered many trees on amazon and all were great i just hope this one turns aroun
 The cheap metal bracket holding the 2 baskets together broke on my first use . The metal also goes around the wood handle and is not insulated - so it is really hot when you pick it up . I regret buying this product .
 My bald cyprus tree forest order arrived dead and bare . It was a group of 9 dead sticks . I am in the process of returning for refund .
 I was disappointed when I opened these , I had also ordered the 5 foot ones and they appear that they will do quite well in holding up my tall plants . There are 25 4 foot stakes in this package and it looks like I will only be able to use about half of them . Half of the stalks are so thin that they I do n't believe they will hold up my plants . I am not going to return them because the next package might have even more in it that I can not use , so I guess I will have to settle for about 12 that I can use .
 I bought these cranes based on the reviews they got but I am very disappointed . Immediately upon taking the cranes out of the box I noticed that the paint was peeling off . I ca n't see them holding up in the weather . I would not recommend these at all .
 If you own a Husqvarna 142 chain saw be aware that the chain sold here is a 91VG052G . It is not the same size chain as the 91VG052 which is the one listed in the owner 's manual . I ordered the 91VG052 and the chain sent to me was the 91VG052G . By the time I was ready to use it and found out it was too small it was too late to return it because Mowtownusa has a 10 day return policy , not a 30 day policy like Amazon . I contacted Mowtownusa to double check on their return policy but they never replied back to me . I highly recommend NOT buying anything through this company . It is too bad that Amazon is directing its customers to this outfit .
 This would go great with your 3-color , double-wide trailer -LRB- with galvanized sheetmetal skirting -RRB- . Heck , at this price the shipping cost more than the bird bath ! I guess they really know what their products are worth .
 I was looking for the mixed reddish color of red granite . There is a small amount of red when you look at the bench in the sunlight . It looks more like a light gray granite . It is light and easy to move around - maybe a little light for outside in the garden . It is sturdy enough to sit on .
 I received this product without any information on who to contact if anything was wrong . The pot was completely cracked & it appears as if 2 of the trees are close to dying . The plant is currently dormant for the winter , so who knows what will happen in the spring , however I know the pot wo n't be fixed ! I 'm disappointed with the lack of customer service & the product for the price I paid .
 `` We have been involved with this product and the manufacturer , Southwest Windpower , from the mid 90 's . Initially the manufacturer -LRB- Southwest Windpower -RRB- had pottedregulators inside the nifty cast aluminum housing on their 303 wind-machines . After installation the machine ran great -LRB- except for the unbelievable noisefrom the blades -RRB- for about 2 weeks until the uncooled regulator overheated andself destructed . We were living off the grid in a very remote part of Samoa at the time and literally depended on the output from our wind turbines and solarpanels . We had a lot of experience with older types of permanent magnet windgenerators and spruce -LRB- wood -RRB- blades . Our older Redwing generators never gave usany trouble except for the necessity to periodically replace the brushes . Southwest Windpower was contacted after our early debacle and this was the beginning of many overseas phone calls and 99 email correspondence over 4 years , fightingwith them to stand behind their product and do some actual real world testingof their product . These people had a great idea but the bugs were not workedout and we were their unwitting test subjects . Jay Yaeger , Dave Snowberg , SeanHickey , Andy Cruz
 I have always had a high opinion of Weber grills ... and still do . However , their add-ons are a different story . I bought one of these things and it NEVER worked right . The poor sealing of the battery compartment guaranteed that , at best one lamp worked at any one time ... and that dimply . The design is such that the heat of the grill WILL mwlt the handle and fog the lenses.Finally , I got fed up and took it off and bashed it against a brick wall . That is all this junk is good for.SHAME ON YOU , WEBER !
 This does not fit my Genesis GOLD grill with a stainless steel handle . THe light appears to be made of `` chintzy '' plastic and if it did fit I STILL WOULD NOT use it !!!
 Based upon the reviews here , there is no way I am going to buy this light handle .
 The idea of having a light to grill by is a good one . The grill-0ut light is heavy when you get the six required D-cell batteries in . The handle looks and feels cheap ! The light pattern on my food looks like two giant onion rings -LRB- very distracting -RRB- . This is definitely not up to Weber standards !
 very disappointed , and everywhere online I see this light it makes no mention of this
 As a Weber Gas Grill Loyalist I was very excited about this new cooking light and found that it worked well during the first month of use in December 2002 . Then at the beginning of February 2003 both lights have begun to melt and the handle is very hot to the touch . I contacted Weber 's customer service and they replaced it at no charge . I replaced the old handle and the new handle is just as hot . Weber recommended using a heat protective glove when grabbing the handle . What kind of design improvement is that ? Weber usually has great/reliable products ; not this one .
 As a Weber Gas Grill Loyalist I was very excited about this new cooking light and found that it worked well during the first month of use in June 2003 . Now at the beginning of August 2003 my light has begun to melt and the handle is very hot to the touch . One of the lights will not turn on even with a battery change . I have only had this light for 60 days . Most Weber products last for years . I am currently asking amazon and weber to replace the product . I would also tell people that the light will not fit their Genesis grill as well as the original handle . I hope that my replacement will fit better and hold up under common grilling conditions.BUCKEYE FAN AND GRILLING FANATIC
 Installed this handle light bar on my 10yr old Weber grill about -LRB- 2 -RRB- yrs ago . The lights worked for a few months but really did a poor job of illuminating the entire grill area . After about a year , the lights would not turn on . Replace all batteries , bulbs , tightened end caps for battery compartments - nothing worked.Have since installed the Brookstone Grill Light . Great product , clamps onto any handle shape , robust design and construction , and super bright lights . Using it is like grilling in daylight!If you grill year round , do yourself a favor and consider the Brookstone Grill Light .
 Delivery of Product
 I am very disappointed in this item . The tree upon arrival was unhealthy with spotty leaves . The pot is not as pictured . Although I have followed instructions exactly as given , the tree died in a matter of weeks . Very sad . : -LRB-
 Despite the fact that I followed the on-screen instructions on how to care for the plant , it 's half dead after a couple weeks . Most of the leaves are dry and curled under . VERY DISAPPOINTING !!!
 Bought tree in November 2007 . Came in without leaves , looked dormanr because of winter . It is spring now -LRB- April 16 , 2008 -RRB- , tree was not dormant , IT WAS DEAD . Amazon refuses to do anything about this tree . They have collected my $ 28.99 and sold me a dead tree . Rating should be a negative 5 stars .
 Brussel 's Japanese Red Maple Outdoor Bonsai TreeAcer Palmatun Arakawa , as my tree is labeled , is Not A red Japanese maple , per sayRough bark maple . Desirable for bonsai because of it 's bark which develops a very interesting character with age . Grows well in a pot , or larger in the ground . Green leaves in summer turn a wonderful fall color of varying shades of red.Arakawa is grown for the bark rather than the foliage ; after two or three years , it starts to get thick and corky . The summer leaf color is green ; fall color is goldRough-Barked Cultivars used for bonsaiThese varieties have an aged , rough textured bark , even at a relatively young age -LRB- 5-10 years -RRB- . Though there are a small number of Acer palmatum with this characteristic , the most vigorous and well suited to bonsai cultivation is the ` Arakawa ' . This has light green leaves that turn yellow in Autumn.Although it grows vigorously when young , ` Arakawa ' then slows down to quite slow growth , with an eventual height of 25 ' . Its mature slow growth and attractive habit , along with its rough bark , make it a favorite for bonsai . In the landscape , it is hardy and does well in difficult conditions . It 's bright green in spring and summer . In fall , there are varying shades of red , with bright scarlet predominating . ` Arakawa ' is synonymous with ` Nishiki sho ' . The rough bark does not become evident for a few years , and continues to get more prominent with age . Also known as Rough Bark Maple .
 My Japanese Red maple was n't a bonsai . it was about 3 times larger than what the picture indicates . I received my tree almost completely dead with no healthy leaves . When i tried to get a replacement I was sent an even larger tree that was just as dead . There is no way to file a claim with amazon for this seller and I ca n't leave feedback either . Stay away from this seller !
 This item arrived looking half dead with no leaves or blooms . I followed the instructions but the bonsai never had a chance . This was a total waste of money and unfortunately I bought two different bonsai 's as gifts and they both did not live . I would NEVER recommend purchasing this product . If I could have rated this less than one star I would have done so !
 The maple tree came beautiful packed and arrived quickly . I was quit impressed with the packing . The tree does not in any way look like the picture . Even though it 's not what I ordered and what I really expected , I named the tree `` The Ugly Duckling . '' She is beautiful in my eyes , but in no way is the picture identical to what I received . I have purchased others from Brussels and was satisfied . Not this time .
 Received the Japanese maple today and it is in rough shape . The tree itself has several broken branches and also many spots on the leaves . In addition it is just not an attractive tree . Its quite tall , but also quite narrow and has only a few branches on it , none of which are very large . The trunk is far to large consistering the lack of branches , I do n't quite understand what happened with the tree , but I 'm not happy , hoping for a refund or different tree .
 It came on Thursday and I gave it as gift . The next morning , it was dead . Every leaf was curled up . We do n't know what happened .
 I purchased this as a gift to a friend , however , she did not get this , instead she got a dried outdoor gingko with no leaves what so ever . I am trying to return this item . Very disappointing .
 and there were absolutely NO instructions included specifically for the Ginkgo Bonsai - most importantly when and how to prune , how large it will get , etc. . None of these questions can be found in books either . Currently , it is 28 '' tall which I consider rather tall for a bonsai I 've had for less than 1 month but I do n't know what to expect . The pot is pretty .
 I wo n't buy seeds from this company again . Several of the seeds did n't sprout . It was quite disappointing . Another company I bought seeds from showed me what it should be like -- definitely not this company . I gave it two stars because the packaging is nice and the potential is a good thing . I like the thought of this mix . It just did n't work for me .
 Bought the sharp electric range a couple of years ago and have already had problems with burners and switches . Sharp customer service does not give too much service and support to customers at all . Its local contractor is A&E , which is notorious for delays and bad quality-service . Do n't buy this product .
 I had this tree sent to my daughter for her birthday , but it arrived in poor condition and only got worse . We fared no better with a second attempt ... we were very disappointed , to say the least . But , Amazon was very cooperative about our return .
 So far , this Crepe Myrtle has not shown one flower , nor the potential for any flowers , and , in fact it did not look good when I got it , about 30 days ago . I will provide an update if it starts looking healthier and beautiful like the picture . Product did arrive quickly . Also , the greenery is not near as full as the picture shown .
 This item arrived looking half dead with no leaves or blooms . I followed the instructions but the bonsai never had a chance . This was a total waste of money and unfortunately I bought two different bonsai 's as gifts and they both did not live . I would NEVER recommend purchasing this product .
 This is the second bonzai tree that I received and just like the 1st one , this one does not look like it 's going to make it for very long . I thought maybe it was something I did or did n't do but regardless ... No plant should be that difficult to maintain considering it started to look very dried out and droopy come day two . The soil was very hard & dry and packed way too tight into the pot that it made watering the plant nearly impossible .
 the dwarft crepe mrytle bonsai never flowered but did grow but left outside as specified in instructions it now has lost most leaves and probably will not make it thru the winter .
 It does n't look healthy when I got it , but I thought I should give it a chance . But now , all the leave are gone.I am not sure if it will show a sign of life or I just wasted my money.The other two bonsai are doing well . Still wondering why this flowering plant which looks so beautiful in the picture , might become a disappointment - I hope not ...
 On March 21 , 2011 , I purchased a Brussel 's DT9049DCM Crepe Myrtle Bonsai tree through Amazon . The tree received in a dormant state -LRB- No leaves or signs of growth -RRB- . In mid April 2010 I became concerned about the lack of growth -LRB- Only about six leaves -RRB- on the entire tree and all those leaves on a coupe branches only . I telephoned Brussel 's to determine if tree was late to thrive or what . I received a return call from Brussel 's Bonsia Master who stated that it was normal that their trees was just now starting to grow and to give it two to four weeks and call him back with the status . Upon request I e-mailed them six protographs of the tree . After a couple weeks all signs of life on the tree were gone . An additional six photographs were sent and with the exchange of several emails where they indicated they would replace the item . On May 17 , 2001 , I received an email indicating you purchase the item from Amazon so go through them for a replacement or you can buy a new one directly from them . Now I have never returned an item through Amazon , but to say I am very disappointed in this matter is an understatement . Is there any assistance Amazon can provide in this matter ?????? Try and find a phone number to call Amazon . I sent an email through their system without any response . Buyer beware , if you want to be treated like a second class system buy from Brussel 's through Amazon . After the purchase of eleven trees through Brussels and about seven of them through Brussel 's has lost a CUSTOMEr . As well if I ca n't get any response through Amazon they have lost a CUSTOMER as well !!!!!!!!
 Brussel 's DT9049DCM Crepe Myrtle BonsaiI was totally disappointed with this product ! Unfortunately , I did n't read the reviews before I ordered it , which taught me a lesson . The picture showed beautiful , purple flowers ... when mine arrived , it barely had any leaves , let alone flowers ! Also , the instructions that came with the `` plant '' said it was for outdoors , & there was nothing about that in the description . Amazon was wonderful about giving me a refund , but I think they probably had a lot of practice giving refunds for this one ! I also learned not to order plants through the mail . I would not recomend this product .
 I ordered this Crepe Myrtle Bonsi for a very dear sister-in-law who just turned 70 . She loves bonsai and I LOVED the photo and all the info I read on this particular bonsai . I knew she would love this new hobby and probably order more and more as well as share the idea of a new hobby with her friends . We live so f ar away from each other I wanted her to have something unusual to enjoy . The plant arrived with absolutely NOTHING on it not a leaf , or flower . What a sad plant , she sent a tx pik of it . She has hopes that it will somehow come around and turn into the lovely plant you pictured . My husband and I order very frequently from Amazon and for many years have just never had any complaint but this is just really a terrible HAPPY BIRTHDAY to a very sweet and dear lady .
 The plant was delivered without any leaves , just naked breaches and does not look like it is going to make it to the summer . I will update in a couple of months if it makes it .
 The pot that the tree was in was broken , and I just did not have the time during the Christmas sesaon to try and return it and then have you send me another one .
 Not near enough output to deter much of anything . Also you can save $ 20 by buying from Home Depot . I do n't know what the joule rating is on this unit , but it must be pretty low -LRB- sub-1 joule -RRB- .
 Purchased this unit from another seller . Have owned several chargers in the past so know how to install them . Installed this one around a poultry pen to deter predators . -LRB- apparently EVERYTHING likes to eat chicken ! -RRB- Thought I might be in trouble when , after installation , one of our four month old kittens sniffed the wire , put his nose to it , and did n't even flinch . Tester showed it was charging . Touched it and received a very mild tingle . Was planning on replacing . Unfortunately was too late for my chickens . Something , a raccoon I suspect , helped himself to a chicken dinner that very night ! So , bottom line , if you 're trying to contain anything kitten sized or larger avoid this unit .
 When this arrived it looked a little beat up but I thought maybe the little tree would rally with some water and light . I had gotten it as a birthday gift for my mother . Before I could present the bonsai to her four days later it had died . Very disappointing .
 I had planned to present this flowering bonsai to the doctors and hospital staff who preformed and cared for me during a major surgery . When it arrived it was a wilted , brown and broken mess . Totally unpresentable . It appeared to me and to my wife -LRB- a master gardener -RRB- that the plant possibly had been subjected to freezing temperatures along with some rough handling . With dead blooms and brownish tone -LRB- lacking the rich green in the leaves -RRB- its future is very uncertain . I have a digital image of the plant as it looked upon arrival before it was to be transfered to the hospital and is available if a way to send . This is certainly not the quality I have come to expect of an Amazon product . Richard Wilson , Ph.D. .
 I purchased this as a birthday gift for my 83 year old mother-in-law . I thought it would be a fun , different gift . It was definately different - the plant was dead within a week . She did n't tell me until a few weeks later . . she did n't want to hurt my feelings . I was extremely disappointed when she told me about the plant .
 My girlfriend purchased this for me for valentines day . The plant arrived in good health and was packeged with precision . That however is not my issue . The tree if you can call it that does not look like a `` bonsai '' at all really . It has a very thin trunk , poor root structure , no nabari , and poor branch development . I also could find no data on `` Fringe Flower '' in my 7 bonsai books that I own . I would advise purchasing a Chinese Elm or Black Pine . I would not recommend to a friend .
 Although the item came in on time and decent enough . This is an outside bonsai . This is not an inside bonsai . Very disappointed .
 Was disappointed to find out that this tree that I purchased as a gift for someone has died after continuous care of 2-3 months .
 You have shown the person as the reciepient of my order as also the person for billing purposes this should not be so.The order will be and should be for my account and the billing , please explainDennis Tickle
 I got it as a valentines present from my husband a couple of days back , it looked withered when it reached , i thought it will become fine when nurtured and i followed all the instructions with watering and temperatue and sunlight , but looks like it is dying.some of the leaves are falling and there are no flowers the buds are also dying , i watered it as was mentioned 3 times a week but looks like it is not gon na survive , does anyone has a suggestion how to survive such a plant ... I am really sad .
 WHEN IT GOT TO MY HOME IT WAS FROZEN A FEW DAYS LATER IT DIED . I WAS VERY UPSET IT WAS A PRESENT , I think they should send me my money back .
 All 3 of the bonsai tree 's I purchased died within a couple weeks of being delivered . They looked bad when they arrived but I thought it was just from getting moved around in the box . They lost a lot of leaves the first couple days and then were completely dead within 2 weeks . IT was a huge disappointment as we spent a lot of money on these trees and now have nothing to show for it .
 Do not buy products from Sheryl Shop , I bought a bonsai for Mother 's Day they sent a broken/dead tree , with more than 80 % of branches broken , totally dry , in the worst conditions , it was garbage , the packing also was really bad without any signs as such as FRAGILE , this side up or down anything . I call Lous who told and promised me that he was sending a new one in good conditions and i will receive it on Tuesday , I have been waiting for it since Friday 11 and calling almost everyday with the same answer I will receive a new one , tomorrow is going to be 7 days waiting , the last time we talk he gave me a tracking number from UPS , it was created a day after and never sent nothing , UPS did not receive anything , IS A FRAUD !!!!! , they send garbage and you pay for that !!! My complain is
 After ordering as a mother 's day gift -LRB- in stock with estimated arrival before the holiday -RRB- , I get an email 2 days AFTER mothers day stating the item is not available and should arrive before mid-JULY !!!!! Beyond furious , THANKS FOR A RUINED MOTHER 'S DAY !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Hello , The bonsai pot was broken when it arrived , the bonsai was fine though . I like to get a replacement pot so I can place the bonsai in the right place.Thanks , Mana Weigand
 Thought I was getting SEVEN thousand , SEVEN hundres seeds , so you can imagine my disappointment .
 I ordered two of these saws . They are made in China . Both are difficult to open -LRB- the lock release button aligns poorly -RRB- . In addition , one fell apart during the first 10 minutes of use will all the parts falling in the dirt . I was able to reassemble , but will have to glue the screw & nut together because if fully tightened you ca n't open or close the saw . Also the handle is too large -LRB- and I wear large mens gloves -RRB- ! Do n't buy anything from Bond line .
 Previously , I gave this a 5-star rating because this product USED TO be great . It indeed sterilized the roaches -LRB- their wings would shrivel up -RRB- , plus it killed the roaches . I would n't see roaches for months and months and months so , I only needed to replace this once in a blue moon . Now ? This product does nothing ! The egg stoppers definitely do n't work now . There are no shriveled wings and I 'm seeing way too many baby roaches . I 'm terribly shocked and disappointed because this was my # 1 favorite . Not anymore .
 more and bigger roaches , product does n't work at all . I placed all units in the kitchen and bathroom . No results at all , roaches are getting much bigger and coming out during the day time.Also , note the opennings are too small for big roaches .
 I bought this in the hope that it would stop roaches from crawling in my kitchen.For a few days , it seemed like it worked.However , I have been unpleasantly surprised that I still see small roaches in my kitchen ! That is disheartening and disgusting.This product sucks !
 What you get is two McCormick 's spice jars -LRB- exact same jars as used for spices -RRB- and two packets of bait . Add water and they will attract fruit flies , for about two weeks , when the bait will grow a thick , spongy greenish-white fungus.There is no poison involved - the fruit flies enter the spice jar through the holes , being attracted by the scent of the bait , but once they enter they are not smart enough to figure out how to get out , and eventually drown.About a week after I bought these traps , I used some apple cider vinegar and set the bottle aside . I noticed that many fruit flies were attracted to the bottle , where some vinegar had dribbled . The vinegar bottle was only a few inches away from the spice-bottle traps , so apple cider vinegar must be very appealing to fruit flies , as many flies ignored the trap and were attracted to the vinegar bottle instead.So I made my own simple and inexpensive trap by taking a small jar , punching a few holes in the top -LRB- about the diameter of a pencil -RRB- and adding apple cider vinegar . It works GREAT -LRB- as good as the commercial trap -RRB- , and the vinegar does not spoil or grow fungus , so it lasts a LONG time . And , the acid of the vinegar will actually dissolve the fruit flies -LRB- after about 12 hours -RRB- , so it does n't make this nasty mess.I give two stars -LRB- instead of one -RRB- because it works as described , but I would not recommend it to anyone .
 Was hoping this fruit fly trap was a cheaper alternative to the much more expensive trap sold by Gardener 's Supply Company . Cheaper is all I got ... requires you to add water . Yes , the trap worked for a couple -LRB- 3 -RRB- weeks , but the trap itself started smell 'n funky , so in the trash it went . Stink is not a problem with the more expensive `` dry '' type , lasts for 1 month , but mine worked for 2 months or more .
 Did n't work at all . We ended up using plain old fly paper with much better results . Very disappointing .
 This thing did n't work at all . Nothing caught . Fruit flies are still buzzing around my head .
 The fruit flies attracted by garden tomato processing and canning in my Florida kitchen this summer did n't seem to mind the presence of the `` Kitchen Fruit Fly Trap '' and went for the tomatoes instead . Really intelligent flies or maybe dumb product . Wo n't waste money again .
 The trap was place right next to where our fruit fly problem is , and it did n't catch a single one ! Very disappointed .
 Just crap ! Waste of money . We have lot of fruit flies . Its been two days ... NOT ONE was cought . This came with two plastic jars . So I placed at two busy spots . Not a fly !
 Even the minimum one star is too much to rate this product . It does absolutely NOTHING !! I purchased a competing product at the same time and that one worked.It trapped a bunch of them.With this product , out of two traps , NOT ONE fruit fly was trapped . NOTHING .
 I bought these cuz of my awful fruit fly problem , I got them and has been about a week and i think one fly went in it and died . I put a cup of kool-aid out and it has killed 100 times as many as my fruit fly traps . I would give these a half star pretty worthless
 This was my first Amazon order and the item shipped in Green instead of Red that I ordered . My invoice said Red , the packing slip said Red , but the wrong color shipped . And when I took it to a 4th of July picnic it leaked through the outside of the tote . Very disappointing !
 Purchased this set as I have , in the past , found Fiskars to be a good product . However , while digging weeds from my garden ; the head snapped from the handle . Although the head is metal , inside the handle , it is attached via a Plastic insert . The plastic is attached to the head and then pressure inserted into the handle . Pressure on the handle in the digging motion can Snap the handle and it can not be repaired . Not a good design .
 So , having read all of the amazing reviews on these garden tools , and hoping to get into a little gardening for the first time this year , I decided to make the purchase . However , as I was opening the package , one of the tines on the Cultivator snapped off . I have yet to ask for a replacement or return these , but I did not expect to have a broken set of tools before I even hit the dirt . Besides the breakage , the tools themselves seem well-made , which makes the break even that much more puzzling .
 I own all my garden tools through Fiskars . This set I was excited about , but the first day of planting tomato plants my handle broke . My ground is n't rocky or dry , the shovel broke like you would expect a Wal-Mart shovel . Was so dissapointed , as all my other tools are high quality Fiskars , i.e. rakes , shears , shovel etc. .
 I forgot who I bought these items from online , but the digging tool ends are blunt causing you to work harder trying to break up soil , I would have preferred the tips to be alittle more sharper .
 I was n't using it too hard and kept it out in the sun for roughly only 1 month . Next time I used the cultivator , it broke as I was trying to dig out some weeds with it . The trowel -LRB- without the measuring lines -RRB- also broke quickly -LRB- within another month of use -RRB- but that was partly my fault as I was exerting a bit too much force to dig away at some hardened clay-like soil . Only item still working is the trowel with the measuring lines .
 I bought these from a local store . I liked how they looked and felt but they broke after only a few uses . They are just fine for light tasks but as soon as you put any leverage on them to dig up something like a root ball they very easily snap in half at the joint . Not recommended .
 I purchased these because they were advertised on Amazon as being made in the USA . They are not . Stamped right on the metal parts is CHINA . So , if you want to buy a product made in the United States , this is not it .
 One of the three pieces broke the first time I used it - it snapped in two as soon as I put it in the soil . I 'm sure the others will do the same - these were not built to last .
 Unfortunately I was mislead by the picture . I was looking for a fork with straight tines . This one has curved tines . I bought the set because of the price even though I did n't need any trowels . I didn.t send it back , because the cost of shipping would make it not worth the effort . I am sorry that this purchase did n't work out for me .
 Poor quality - the handles are weak . Mine broke at the join with the blade . Too bad - Fiskars used to be reliable . Pay the money for quality tools , you 'll only have to do it once !
 I need Bromine for my above ground kids pool , but the package says `` Brominator '' and at the bottom also says `` Clorinate '' and the active ingredient includes ` bromochloro '' . I have minimal chemical knowledge and am unsure if I can use this product with my bromine treated pool . The label is poorly worded .
 Used this filter cleaner as directed on my spa filter . One week later the spa display indicated that filter should be cleaned or replaced . Soaking the filter overnight is really the only effective way to clean the filter . No short cuts !!
 I was so excited to receive these seeds and as I have a `` green thumb '' I expected to have several little trees for my yard . Unfortunately , this did not happen ! I tried and tried but I could not get the seeds to germinate . They seemed to be dried out . Being an avid gardener , I was very disappointed .
 I bought this due to some of the positive reviews on Amazon and some other sites . It does go through the propane tank quickly , probably in about three weeks but am pleased I dont have to plug it into an electric outlet . This summer we have practically zero mosquitos in our back yard . So , you say , this must be working , right ? I hope so . On the other hand , I have very few mosquitos caught in the basket of this contraption . Thus , I am not sure if it is the machine that is working or simply the fact that we have less mosquitos this summer as compared to past years ???
 $ 300 is a lot for what you get , but it did work very well for me last summer . it caught lots of bugs and I noticed a difference . Sadly , this year , it wo n't even start up . Poor quality really annoys me more than the bugs do . Grrrr .
 I 've waited patiently for the last month - this thing has n't trapped much of anything . There are plaenty of mosquitos in my yard - they just do n't seem to be drawn to this trap . I 've tried all the different settings and moved it around but this thing does n't seem to do much of anything other than blink at night . And to make matters worse , it blew flew an entire tank of propane in 15-20 days - NOT 60 days -LRB- as they claim -RRB- . I plan to ask for my money back ...
 All I know is that it uses up a lot of propane , and it does n't seem to catch all that many mosquitoes . It does catch them , but I 'm not sure if it actually makes any difference .
 I have used the Skeeter Vac for years ... it is a very effective means for reducing mosquitoes and other biting insects . But almost $ 23 for ONE RP Octenol Lure ???? Are you kidding me ? I thought I would get a three pack for that price . The product works great , but what a rip off for the stuff you need to keep the product working for more than a season . Shame on you Amazon and Skeeter Vac .
 1 -RRB- difficult to apply the glue , as the orb spins and the applicator is a plastic spatula . Used a screw in the bottom of the red orb to steady the application . Minor improvement .2 -RRB- It rains in the NW and all of the glue washed away , except for the bottom part of the orb .3 -RRB- my neighbor purchased a different product , easy application and the glue is still on the plastic apple ! 4 -RRB- definitely a poorly designed product for aplication and the glue does n't stay on the apple , therefore save you money .
 King Kooker outdoor fryers are crap . The one I had fell apart after only one year ; The burner snapped off at both joints.I would highly recommend Bayou Classic brand for the following reasons
 Do not waist your time and money buying this item.When I placed this unit on a level surface , it wobbled back-and-forth because there is a 1/8 inch discrepancy in the build . I 'm sure the discrepancy would be fine if you were using a heavy pot of oil/water , but I purchased this item for a wok and cast iron pan , which does n't have the weight to eliminate the wobble.I was going to have the welding department at my office fix this item but they told me it was n't worth their time . They also pointed out all the poor welding ... This unit will be sent back to Amazon !
 This trap does n't seem to attract anything . I followed directions exactly , but the moths only use the trap to light on , not want to be attracted to get inside . If anyone has any ideas what might be wrong I 'd be glad to hear from you . Otherwise I would say the bait is old OR this just does n't work !
 I used the tiller attachment two times for a total of twenty minutes and it seized up after tilling a flower garden with dirt that want that packed down to begin with . I do n't recommend wasting your time or money with this product .
 I have the Poulan Pro PP133 for a year now and have not had a days trouble with I bought the Brush Cutter and Lawn Edger Attachments both are with the moneySo I did not think twice about getting the Cultivator expecting it t do well in my flower beds , I was wrong total waste of my time and Money
 This piece of junk only lasted 30 days . I would never buy another Poulan Product again . All threads were stripped . Wish I had the box and receipt . You would get it back .
 The Poulan cultivator / tiller that I purchased from Amazon worked great for a few hours , but then it broke in two places 1 -RRB- down low where the shaft connects into the cultivator AND 2 -RRB- much worse than this , when it failed , it stripped out the shaft ABOVE the click-link connector ; in the top half of the unit -LRB- the piece that you dont get when you purchase the cultivator / tiller -RRB- into which this cultivator / tiller attaches . So while my engine still worked , NONE of my attachments worked as the receptical into which each connects was stripped by the cultivator / tiller attachment . Needless to say , I was VERY VERY unhappy . While Amazon refunded the money for the Poulan cultivator / tiller , they did not pay to fix the stripped shaft , and I was left to pay to have that replaced myself , a really big hassle.In my opinion -LRB- I am not an engineer -RRB- it seems like the hard work begin done by the cultivator / tiller puts far too much tension into the small spinning rod inside the shaft of the entire unit . Tilling dirt causes a much greater resistance than edging , trimming , or blowing . I am surprised that more folks have n't experienced or reported this issue .
 Needing a mini tiller for my raised garden beds , I purchased the tiller attachment for my Poulan Weedeater . Since raised bed soil is light and reasonably uncompacted , I had no doubt this attachment would be sufficient . And it was ... for 30 minutes ! After it stopped tilling , I dismantled the gear box and discovered that the main drive gear , powered by a worm gear , is made of BRASS ... arguably the softest metal this side of lead . The gear 's teeth were worn down to nothing .
 The wife was working her garden area the first time and loved it , the next time she used it she told me it smelled funny , when I looked at it it was overheating and then the gear box locked up and the tines would not turn any longer .
 Bought this attachment at walmart . Lasted 1 day and then gears began grinding and blades would not spin . Took it back .
 Only used this product twice in a month since I bought it and it is already broken . Hit a small root with it and it fell apart . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The cultivator is easily jammed with nickel sized stones getting caught between the blade and the bolts that attach the housing . Unfortunately , the flexible drive rod is centered by a nylon sleeve that quickly disintegrated on the second jam . Thus , the cultivator no longer stays engaged . As a senior citizen , I was hoping to use the cultivator to week between my vegetable rows . I did n't get through the second row and the sleeve broke . I took the entire unit to my local Poulan service repair . They just shook their head at the design . They are trying to help me make it operational , but are having difficulty identifying whether the nylon sleeve is only available as part of the entire assembly -- which is big bucks ! Unit was impressive on the shelf but not functional for the average gardener .
 DO NOT BUY !!!! I used mine for less than two hours in soft soil and the large gear in the gear box stripped it 's teeth !
 I bought this two months ago and finally got around to using it . I 'm pretty impressed with it for what it is.Don ' t get me wrong , it will not replace a 2 hp honkin ' tiller , but for a small garden and with not-so hard soil , this will do just fine on a good power head -LRB- I have the Poulan Pro PP133 -RRB- . It does a better job of mixing compost , manure , topsoil and humus together than a metal rake . It will also dig a pretty good chunk into lighter soils . I have a lot of clay here , and I had to wet the clay down a little before it would really rip it up , but it did it.Overall , I like it and would recommend it for the situations I described . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Update 7/17/12The plastic slot that holds the shaft from the power head is garbage . It stripped out while tilling up my garden . It 's bascially worthless at this point . In addition , the tiller head itself gets stuff tangled in it easily and that also makes it worthless .
 We tilled up a few small beds when the shaft broke off from the cultivator . It did a good job when it was together . I notice this happened to another reviewer . Seems like Poulan needs to take this one back to the drawing board .
 The plastic hose intake was broken as delivered . I suspect this was a return that simply was sent back out.Further , the design of the plastic intake looks decidedly weak and subject to substantial bending force . Why oh why would they make this out of plastic?If I could give it 0 stars I would and the vendor for having sold it .
 Bought this product from Amazon ; came broken , needed to return . Replacement came and could n't get it to work properly so I called the product company . They determined that it was an internal broken mechanism so I needed to return AGAIN . Decided to buy a different brand from Lowes and I am VERY HAPPY . Stay away from this product ; made cheaply and could n't even withstand shipping .
 I guess I received the fabeled broken one from the other buyers . Mine was received broken , and their customer service is worthless , they knew the exact broken part without me telling them what it was ! Did I want to wait for 6 months for a replacement ??? The intake is cheap plastic , easily breakable.DO NOT BUY ANYTHING FROM THIS COMPANY , THEY ARE NOT AMERICAN MADE , BUT MADE OVERSEAS !! THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS HORRIBLE , AND SO IS THE AVAILABILITY OF REPLACEMENT PARTS !
 It only caught one or two flies . And it did n't stick very well on the window , it kept falling down .
 Had 2 Black Flag Fly Motel Window Traps up for a few weeks ... flies flew everywhere around traps , walked around the outside of them , walked over them , etc. , did not catch a single -LRB- not one -RRB- fly . Put candy and sweets inside trap to attract flies to at least go near the glue ... didnt work . The overall idea of the trap makes sense , but seems like it would need an actual fly attractant -LRB- not included -RRB- to get the flies to enter the trap and then get stuck to the glue -- as it is now , you would have to just have plain old luck to have a fly blunder into the trap -LRB- no reason for a fly to enter trap as it is -RRB- and then blunder onto one of the glue pads -LRB- again , no reason for a fly to do that as is -RRB- . Wish I could say it worked , it did not work at all for me .
 Does not work . I have four traps installed in different windows and after several days it has failed to trap even one fly . It needs an attractant to lure the flies into the trap which it does not have .
 The product is simply the fly paper in a triangular shape so it will fit in the corner of windows . There 's no attractant as far as I can tell since none of the flies buzzing around my window have found their way into the trap . Not worth the money
 Dont waste your money . This product failed to trap even one fly . I 'd rate zero stars if the option were available .
 Somehow this fall , after a hurricane , I have flies inside my house for the first time . They are breeding somewhere and are still in the house after the weather turned cold . I am working on finding out where they are coming from but in the meantime I wanted to cut down on the numbers . I was using spray and was worried about it harming my pets.I bought 5 boxes to get free shipping . That equaled ten motels . I put the ten motels all over my house.Not one fly went inside any of the hotels !!!! Nada , zero , zippo . I am now goingto buy sticky fly tapes.Don ' t buy this product.Faye
 this product is terrible . it did not work at all . it did n't even catch fruit flies . i would not recommend it to anyone . it 's a waste of money .
 This was not the product I thought I was ordering . It would cost more to ship it back than I paid for it so thought I would try it . Very poorly made . Did not stick and kept falling down . Would not recommend to anyone
 This is the most worthless product EVER !! We have a fly problem , could not even catch a bit of dirt in these `` motels , '' let alone a fly . The shipping costs we paid , plus having to pay return shipping , make it not worth returning these items . Do n't waste your money - the motels are triangles of cardboard , like half a candy box , with sticky inside , no fly would go in there , let alone be caught .
 Purchased two of these chairs and I can not recommend . The chair is not worth the price . One of them broke within a few days of use . Was able to get a replacement thru Mac Sport after I paid for the shipping cost .
 I made less than one lap around my yard with this product and it broke . I called the company and was told my only option was to have it repaired . I took it to an authorized repair shop in Early Dec. . The shop still has the product .
 The sweeper is very easy to assemble . The instructions are easy to follow . All of the parts are of good quality . My disappointment started when I first used the sweeper . The hopper has a 12 cubic foot capacity . However , as the clippings are swept into the hopper , it begins to spill out of the front when only about 1/3 to less than 1/2 full causing very frequent stops for dumping . Soon after my first use , the wheel that drives the brushes began to `` lock up '' unexpectedly , creating big long divots in the yard . I lubricated the wheel , but to no avail . When the item was working , it was OK . But the two or three times I used it behind my ride-on mower , it caused more problems than it solved . The item is too big to disassemble and return easily . I 'm not sure what to do at this point .
 when i first got em i was very excited , bought som soil and planted themhowever ... the seeds did not grow or germinate ... . why?i dont knowbut it suckswill not buy agin
 I bought this whellbarrow only to return it . Yes it 's heavy duty and yes it has a large pneumatic tire - all helpful for heavy loads or poor ground conditions . However mine had problems.You have to assemble the pieces - not too big a job but it will waste 30-45 minutes of your time . As I assembled it I noticed that the legs did not fit the handles/pan well . There was a manufacturing problem that caused the legs to sit slightly angled and not square to the handles or ground . I called the manufacturer as it says to do in the instructions -LRB- although no phone # is provided -RRB- and ultimately they said that my assembly was correct , that parts were damaged in shipping or there was a defect . Nothing was damaged ... They said to return it to place of purchase.My advice
 this flag did not last one month and you wonder why people buy from china and japan total waste of money
 Today we had to take down this flag after a little over two months of use . It completely split down the middle and was two seperate flags . This is definitly not a high grade outside flag .
 This flag only lasted 6 months and is all frayed would n't recommend you ever buy this item . this is not a good flag
 I live in a climate where these things grow all over the place naturally . I seeded and nothing came up in my seed starter trays . I did some that I cold stratifed and some without CS just in case . And the result was ZERO ! Bad seed is my guess . . I can make anything grow .
 I bought this replacement part especially for the two meetal supports shown in the drawing . Be advised that they are not included !!!
 ... The directions are terrible . If you add the name plate , everthing else does not line up . The name plate is needed for stabalization , but it is impossible to connect the way it is designed . Right now it is on my basement floor in pieces - TOTALLY UNUSABLE !!!
 I ordered mine almost 9 weeks ago and have no straight answer from customer service yet .
 I ordered my wheelbarrow 3 weeks ago !!!! Where is it . I ordered on March the 5th . Jeanne Trosinski
 With so many `` free shipping , '' even `` free shipping and free returns '' offers out there , do n't make the same mistake I did by buying from Luggage Warehouse . Not only does the Luggage Warehouse make the customer pay shipping both ways ; they even charge an additional $ 5 if you 're unhappy with the product and want to return it . -LRB- To be fair , their $ 5 restocking fee policy is in the fine print , but I missed it . The `` customer service '' -- ha -- representative just told me I should feel bad for them , not the other way around , because they have to pay fees to sell their merchandise on Amazon and now , thanks to me , they 're going to lose money on this purchase . -RRB-
 The price of this piece is far too high.The grill -LRB- Charmglow -RRB- has 3 of these , thats almost $ 100 . The complete unit sold for $ 300 . This is unbelieveable .
 after only 13 months they are completely rusted and 1 literally broke into pieces ! the other 2 are rusting and about to fall apart , for $ 50 each they should last longer than a year !!!!!!!!!!
 Product works as described . One question - why does the original range , which was quite pricey , come with flimsy non-galvanized metal plates , which obviously have a short and planned obsolescence ?
 my bad ... shoulda read dimensions before purchase . this is only useful as side table . and a rather low one at that .
 It was smaller than I thought and I have had it about 1 month and the piece at the end that holds the bird fountain in the ground looks like it rusted and fell apart from the rest of the fountain . Now I just have the rest of the stake in the ground and hope it will hold , but it makes the fountain shorter . How can I get in touch with manufacturer to send me the bottom stake ?
 What I received were two Oriole feeders that are not appropriate for hummers as the distance from perch to feeding hole is too long for hummingbirds . Naturally , I am disappointed because this summer I 've had problems with ants and bees invading my hummingbird feeders . What I thought I ordered was supposed to solve that problem so the hummers could feed in peace . Not the case .
 Unfortunately this feeder style has such large feeding ports that flies and bugs easily get into the sugar solution and contaminate it . Try their Ultra Model with a new port design which keeps flies out .
 I wanted a durable , easy-to-clean feeder to replace an old one . The reviews for the Hummzingers were so positive -LRB- few parts so easy cleaning , hardy components , color-fast , etc. -RRB- it seemed a no-brainer to buy . We quickly learned , however , that none of those positives outweighs the fact that the level of the fluid has to be as high as possible for the hummers to drink !! I 'm happy to change the fluid every three days so it 's healthy for them , but I do n't want a feeder I have to top-off daily -LRB- or more -RRB- because my little hummers ca n't reach their tongues into a slightly lowered fluid level . I fail to understand the need to have an 8 , 12 or 16 oz well when only the top 2 ounces of sugar water are what is accessible ?! It 's like giving your dog or cat water in a gallon bucket with stilts such that they can only lap up the top inch of water , which requires daily topping-off and/or re-filling of the whole bucket so they can get the smallest amount of water . So without constantly adding more water , even with a mostly full bucket , they ca n't drink at all . Wasteful and frustrating for me , and no doubt , the hummingbirds.Returning this feeder . In wanting to switch back to a gravity-fed , bottle-type feeder , I just bought a Perky-Pet one -LRB- from Home Depot -RRB- and had my first happy hummingbird .
 This feeder is terrible . We actually got rid of it and purchased another . The shallow design and difficulty prying the lid on and off make it cumbersome at best . Also , ants had no problem getting in and taking over . My new feeder has no such issues .
 Once I learned how to snap apart this feeder -LRB- thumb in the center of the ant moat , finger lift on the inside edge of the red lid -RRB- I appreciated its easy cleaning and reloading Aspects ... . I 'm not crazy about the fact that the holes in the lid do not appear to have been deburred / smoothed out after the manufacturing extrusion process . The barely detectable rough edges inside the holes have been great for mold to gain a foothold , and I 've not yet been able to scrub the black away . In addition to fixing this , engineers at Hummzinger should try to true the screw and the feeder before packaging . My feeder leans because the screw hole seems to have been set in the plastic without leveling , allowing leakage of nectar -LRB- there 's a 1/4 inch difference in nectar level from one side of the feeder to the other -RRB- . As one of the more expensive hummingbird feeders on the market , these flaws are disappointing .
 With the promise of the reviews I ordered one of these last year to add to my collection . I have good luck with the tall cylindrical type feeders . But this one was useless and the birds avoided it like a plague . Do n't waste your money . No bird would go near it . Not attractive to them apparently . And we had hundreds of hummers in our yard last year . It 's just a poor design with a very small reservoir .
 I bought 2 of these feeders last year . Bugs , bees ants , everything will get into these feeders.Dont have that problem with my other feeders
 This feeder is easy to clean and fill , but it does n't seem to attract many hummingbirds . I have a Perky Pet feeder that the hummingbirds seem to prefer even though the feeders are only about 15 feet apart . The Hummzinger feeder does not attract bees , but does n't attract birds very well . I seldom see birds at it . Even when the bees are around the Perky Pet tube feeder , the hummingbirds go to that feeder rather than the Hummzinger .
 Would like to tell you how well I like this item but it was ordered on May 28 , 2012 and per the order status ... it has not been shipped yet . I will update you when it is received .
 I live in the foothills of Central California . I 've had this product for almost a month now , and so far it mostly catches moths . In fact , I can be in my garden in the early evening and the mosquitos are having a feast ... on me ! I still have to wear repellent to work outside . What is the point of spending so much money on a product that does n't work . Wish I could get my money back .
 Fortunately for me this was a gift ... as it does nothing to get rid of mosquitos , especially not an 80 % reduction as claimed . Makes a great moth catcher however .
 I really want this to work because I want an alternative to the propane-driven units tyhat seem to fail shortly after the warranty runs out . -LRB- Our experience with 3 of them so far . -RRB- But I have also seen more moths , june bugs , etc. than mosquitos being captured by mine . After three weeks I noticed the fan stopped qorking and I found a june bug jamming it . I had to take it apart to clean it out.Since I was swarmed by mosquitos wile fixing it I 'm hopeful that they are now being sucked in ! I 'll try it for a few more weeks before giving up.We bought it somewhere with a no questions 1-year return policy and we 're glad for that . Interesting that that place has now stopped selling it ...
 For such an inexpensive item I was n't going to the trouble of re-packaging . Itself not a minor matter ; we ARE talking about wind chimes here.So I have it , it 's in my backyard and in the future I 'll buy items like this from someone where I can return it quickly without much hassle .
 I am so shocked right now . I opened the box and found that the bottle was 1/3 empty and the seal at the top was broken . So , lem me get this straight . . I pay full price for a certain product , and they send me a used 1/3 empty bottle and they think everything is cool ? No way , I e-mailed Amazon about this . It does n't stop here , I 'm pretty pissed .
 The trucking company indicated that the merchandise was left on my front door but I never received it . I was home that day going in and out of the house and I never saw any packages , furthermore , this is the first time that any packages delivered to my home have been lost.I reported the situation to the vendor on 5/28/08 and they are still investigating but the fact is that after a month I still do n't have the merchandise that I bought and paid for .
 As some of the other reviews wrote , there is a gap between the legs and the top of the table that is very prominate . No matter how much I tightened the screws , it still is there . When I ordered it I thought that it was just an occassional happening , but unfortunately , it must be a product flaw that needs to be reconstructed in their measurements in fitting the legs to the top , or the cutting of their top ... . or both ! The table is not as stable as I was hoping it would be , the legs are too close to be stable , they need to be flared out just a little more to stablize . The color is not as cherry as all of my other cherry wood furniture , but has more of the `` chocolate '' hue . Makes you wonder if their two choices of their colors are interchangeable with them.The style of the table is very classic , and looks well with classic furniture . The price is rather high for the craftsmanship . The gap in the top and the leg is poor , especially since they keep making the same flaw over and over again in this model , and have not fixed that flaw . Their quality check department must be non existant and this is poor and shotty craftsmanship.I love the style , and if this stand holds up will need to be seen in the future . I would not order a second one . The price for this is way too much for the quality .
 I had high hopes for this purchase , but I was pretty disappointed . The contrast on the display is pitiful . Do n't let that picture fool you . It 's a sticker that comes on the unit prior to putting the battery in . Once the sticker is gone and the battery is installed it 's contrast is n't as sharp . Putting the buttons on the back of the unit makes using this product very difficult . It has really bad usability all the way around . They spent all of their design budget on making it look cool , instead of work well . I gave up using the radio feature alltogether since the buttons are so annoying . Now its just an expensive clock ...
 I have ordered so many item from Red Carpet and most of them are Wind Spinners . This one is really not very appealing.Will continue to order because I know they have better .
 this product was not as describe , the cover was not the size mention the cover did not fit and the parts were not correct i am not satisfy with this company it seems like they don , t know what they are doing.they show one thing in the picture and send something else .
 The price was reasonable and the shipping was as stated . But this experience was down hill after that ! The enclosure kit was much too small , no where near the deminsions advertised or on the box . Too short in length on all 4 sections and the from and back panels did not reach the ground ! The material was also extremely thin ! Ca n't see this holding up in a bad rain or wind storm . Very disappointed !!
 Originaly I thought the top came with the side and end walls . Was unhappy that I also had to order a top for the unit . There was no advertising that there was no top included . I thought the top fit my 2 '' frame , but it did n't and it is short on both sides . There was no advertising about what span was needed for the top . The material is paper thin . I do not recommend buying this product unless you know your frame and top measurments .
 This item came missing the two containers.After several time trying to reach the company by phone they told me the product it was discontinued so why they shipped the item in this condition?The company has a really bad costumer service the need to improve it.Finally I got my money back .
 TWICE I was very frustrated when I received this product . It had a written title of `` Strathwood Outdoor Pillow , Tropical Floral '' . The picture was of a cushion for a lounger and had a further description with dimensions for a lounger . I was a little surprised , yet pleased , when comparing this product with others at Amazon.com , that the price was so low -LRB- $ 19.99 -RRB- and with the title of a `` pillow '' . And , sure enough , I received a square pillow - for a person 's head ! I e-mailed Customer Service , told them of the mistake and asked for the item that was advertised . And the SECOND time I received the SAME pillow again . Again I wrote Customer Service , essentially complaining that it looked like the left hand did n't know what the right hand was doing . Their answer was just to credit my account ! I e-mailed back and told them I felt that was n't good enough , and that especially considering my previous purchases over the past many years , they should send me a cushion for a lounger as I had originally requested for the same cost . I gave them the item # & description of another Strathwood lounger cushion that would fit my lounger -LRB- it was quite a bit more expensive - ~ $ 50 -RRB- and , bless their hearts , they agreed and I now have a very comfortable cushion ! It took a lot of wrangling and time , but Amazon.com finally made it right .
 This product sounded like a cute item . The first one I tried was the herb thyme . It never sprouted . Then I tried mint . A few strings appeared after weeks . Still it struggles , but I do not expect it will get beyond the few strings that sprouted . I will go and buy a mint plant .
 I sent this to my mother , who is an avid gardener , for her birthday . While I love the idea and the design , the seeds never grew and she ended up with just an egg .
 Heard they are getting out of the cleaner business . Good . Their products are terrible.Design and quality are poor . My system just went out of warranty . I 'm sure the decent deal that I got when the pool got built will be recouped when I have to buy replacement parts at obscene prices . Not impressed with Hayward . Have had 7 on site warranty calls since the pool was installed . Filters $ 135 each , need 4 , lasts 3 years or so . Same with Salt Cell . Before you invest look at the lifecycle of the investment . BTW - I love my pool when it works well .
 The very first day our new `` Top of the line '' Hayward Phantom pool cleaner was installed , it was a total flop . Having had pool cleaners before I figured it was just some adjustment , wrong ! No mater what I did it would n't work properly . After 3 house calls by our pool installer they gave up and called the factory rep. He made two trips , literally rebuilt it the 2nd time , and it was a new , not used or rebuilt . Well it worked for a short time and then same old problems . Ties itself up in knots , spins out , wo n't stop spining , even ties the bag up in knots , plus it will not clean the bottom of the pool at all . Total Junk can not wait to get a Polaris . Had a Polaris in our last pool , should have stayed with it . The Hayward Phantom should be recalled .
 Hayward should recall all of these pieces of crap and give a full refund . This will be the 3rd time in 2 years I 'll be replacing parts . What 's worse is that all the parts are expensive.I owned the Ray-o-vac and apparently that design worked too well and lasted too long so Hayward needed to redesign it to turn it into the useless pile of crap that now is parked on my workbench yet again ...
 I am on my second one and I wish I never bought either one of them . The idea of cleaning the surface and the bottom of the pool is a good one except , Hayward screwed it up with a cheaply made product . The case has broken . The wheels have broken . All the hoses have had leaks etc. . DO N'T buy it !
 This cleaner was a replacement for a Hayward Viper -LRB- also a piece of junk -RRB- . The Phantom kept breaking in a variety of ways and I 've replaced many parts on it for each of the 2 years we 've owned it . -LRB- Parts are expensive ! -RRB- The filter bag is flimsy and easily torn -LRB- I replaced it 2x -RRB- , the `` quick connect '' flange is not quick and it 's very hard to take off and on . -LRB- replaced 1x -RRB- The straight/inflexible hose is clumsy and difficult to manage and store ; the connectors between each length of pipe pop out easily and cause leaks . The rollers on the sweep hose shifted off and the hose scraped on the bottom of the pool , wearing holes in it -LRB- replaced 2x -RRB- . Sweep hose would n't stay on - I had to use a hardware store clamp to get it to stay . One of the front guide wheels popped off causing the plastic hull to scrape the gunite pool surface which led to deep gouges in my pool and you can see a lot of wear . Because of this , the plastic on the cleaner was scraped so thin that it disintegrated . This was the final straw . I 'm done replacing parts and pieces and will be replacing the whole thing with a Polaris 280 . Interestingly enough , the Phantom is not offered in the Leslie 's Pool store near me anymore , and the sales clerk told me the whole line was complete garbage . BTW , I was stupid enough make the same mistake twice by sticking with Hayward . We had a Viper before this and it also required multiple parts , pieces and lots of time and money .
 When you first install the Phantom it works like a charm . After the first eight-ten months it then goes haywire . After that it never works right . I have own one for two years and it has been in the shop 3 times for major repairs and expense . Right now if I run it it spins in a circle forever . It creates great knots . It now has been turned off . I need a different product . Sorry to say I talked my friend into buying one . He has the exact same problems . It does n't work-period . When you talk to Hayward repair people or their representatives their excuses are it is something I did or the filter is dirty or there is dirt in the mechanisms , etc. , etc. , etc.Do not purchase this product-it is a big waste of money .
 Do n't waste your money . Everything breaks on this POS cleaner . Gets stuck upside down on steps and squirts out of the pool all of the time . Backup is ridiculous . Again , do n't waste your money .
 I have an $ 800 piece of crap in my pool . The Hayward company should be ashamed.Please do n't waste your money . The Hayward Phantom is a terrible product .
 Do not under any circumstance buy this product . Already spent almost $ 200 in replacement parts . I wish that were the worst of it . The cheap plastic housing developed a hair line crack . The force of the Phantom shooting across the to top of pool caused the front wheel to get pushed back and make a jagged crack at the tip . Before I realized the problem I started to notice my water levels going down 1 to 2 '' per day.I called my pool guy and he said that the jagged tip of the robot had caused many pinholes in the liner . He recommended a diver to repair the holes , and the diver charged me $ 300 to try and repair the liner . His fee is actually $ 450 but he felt bad for me because the liner was unrepairable . Now I need to replace my liner at a cost of $ 3000 . I called Hey-ward and they sent a rep who said it was broken , a screw was missing and looked like it had been tampered with.If you call hooking it up and letting it vacuum the pool , then I tampered with it . Basically not there problem . Total BS !! There are many reviews about the cheapness of the plastic hull and the quality control of parts to make this product.What ever you do do not buy this garbage and do not trust a company that does n't stand behind there products .
 I bought the Phantom because of its hose configuration . I have 2 very large dogs who love to pull my old Polaris cleaner out of the pool -LRB- while running -RRB- and chew up the hoses . The Phantom has jointed PVC pipes -LRB- connected by 5 inches of rubber hoses -RRB- as its `` hose '' . While this is has proved to be dog-proof , the Phantom itself breaks down too easily.Because the costs of overhauling a Phantom is more than 1/2 the cost of a new one , each time my Phantom has broken , I have ordered a new one . In addition , I have also had to order new collection bags and new hoses 2 other times.I have purchased 3 of the Phantoms and when they work , they work great ! However , I am lucky to get one summer use out of each Phantom before it breaks . And it is the same each time
 We really liked the Phantom pool cleaner at first . However , it keeps falling apart and needing parts replaced . Within the first 6 months we replaced 2 parts -LRB- each expensive -RRB- . Now , in our second year with this pool sweep , we replaced 2 other parts and the wheel . We are currently looking to buy a different brand of pool sweep and get rid of this peice of junk .
 The Phantom worked fine for the first 6 weeks , although is creased the sides of my pool with the nose wheels . Getting the settings just right is nearly impossible , the pipes twist up quite frequently , outside the fact that the connector pieces break easily . Cleaning is more a miss than a hit . After a few years of agony , I invested in a robotic pool cleaner . For the cost of the Phantom and booster pump plus cost for electricity you are much better off with a robotic system .
 I have had my Phantom for 2.5 years and have had it in for service 6 times to have the insides redone because it stopped working correctly . When it works correctly it does a good job but most of the time its broke . I have had 6 new baffle sets installed over the 2.5 years and now the thing is falling apart . I have been lucky so far that is has all been warranty work but I only have about 3 months left of the warranty . I have also had to replace the bag one time and it 's about ready for another . The shell is not of high quality and is already starting it chip . I have a liner pool which was damaged by the phantom and I had to have 3 leaks fixed after one of the wheels fell off . I will replace it with a Polaris when it breaks again this summer after the warrant expires .
 The Phantom is overpriced and really poorly designed . We just had ours replaced after basically every part of it -LRB- hose , housing , wheels , jets -RRB- had broken - our pool expert -LRB- NOT a Leslie 's employee pushing the Phantom -RRB- confirmed that the issues we had occur widely among his other customers and shared some other horror stories.We also had similar problems to Franklin -LRB- see other Phantom review -RRB- , where the Phantom would get twisted up and generally stuck in anything even closely resembling a corner ... We ended up switching to the Polaris 380 instead . We had a Polaris model at our last house and were really happy with it , based on initial results I 'm very happy with our decision .
 I 've had two Hayward pool cleaners . Both are now broken and pretty much junk . One lasted two seasons , and I just threw away the one I bought a year and 2 months ago -LRB- just missed the one year warranty window :-LRB- -RRB- The best I can tell after dissecting the mechanisms , the cheap plastic internals are tight tolerance and appear to have a very narrow pressure range that the unit will work in . Also , the plastic internal parts seem to warp . Why ? I do n't know but as soon as they do warp , it 's trash time , the mechanism quits cycling and it will just sit at the bottom of my pool and spin . To pour salt on the wounds , Hayward is out of stock on repair parts and even my dealer ca n't get them . So I am dead in the water . NO MORE HAYWARD FOR ME !! I am going to try the Polaris 280 .
 I bought the Hayward Phantom pool cleaner against the advice of my trusted pool supply guy -LRB- sorry Don -RRB- . According to the description , it sounded like a great pool cleaner
 Do you count electricity , chemicals , vacuuming , filter cleaning when considering pool maintanance costs ? You wo n't have to worry about these if you own Hayward Phantom cleaner . Phantom itself will suck so much money for its own maintenance , everything else will suddenly look really affordable.This is the worst product I ever owned . And I did own a lot of stuff . One can expect that a $ 700 unit would survive more than a season . It cleans well ... when it works . But it mostly does n't . For the first two years of owning the pool we 've become accustomed to see our pool builder technicians at least once a month to fix something in the phantom . It started breaking after first week of use . The builder was replacing parts and twice the WHOLE UNIT . Same symptoms over and over : - Leaking hoses . The longest no-leak hose was ~ 1month . Typically it would start leaking within a week . - Broken side wheels - Jammed internals , so it just sits in one cornerI can only speculate , but I think this was a good business for the pool builder - Hayward paid for the labor all the time . I do not understand Hayward business model though - I am sure they had to pay the builder 5-7 times the price of the unit for all the visits.Now , when the 2-year warranty is over , I guess the plan is to get it back from the customers . I keep doing what the builder used to - replacing parts : - Side and bottom wheels - Different sections of the hoses - BagI wish I can find a replacement that fits my pool , so this waste of time and money comes to a stop .
 I purchased the Phantom 4 years ago . Works great for one season and then trouble begins . I have replaced the manifold twice , gear box 3 times , and as of today , I am faced with another gear box replacement . If you buy this product , expect to have trouble after a year of operation . You will buy replacement parts regardless of how well you care for the machine . I have written emails to the President of Hayward expressing my dissatisfaction . No response .
 If you have already bought it and like it then you have exactly one year to be happy . Many of you have touched on it and here it is . The one thing that kills this otherwise good product is the Plastic Housings . Not that plastic is bad but if you do n't follow the Plastics Design Rules -LRB- Hayward Did Not -RRB- then stuff starts breaking . Mine is done after only one year . It does pirouettes in the bottom of the pool until it tangles itself in the hose completely . The Nose Wheel and 2 Side Wheels have broken off from the housings . My pool store told me it is $ 300 to replace all the crap that is broken in mine . DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT.I put this same information on the customer feedback page of Hayward . I think they know but unfortunately it is too late . The unfortunate thing is that they do n't even need new tooling for the plastics . They can fix what they have.DJ ...
 Hayward could give these away and still make money on the replacement parts.Not durable or well designed , the tails are especially short lasting.I gave it two stars because the cleaning bag works well and when it is working it performing reasonably . .
 My husband and I have a phantom that is less than three years old and , even with tune-ups , it is constantly breaking . Last year the spinout mechanism broke , the plastic is cheap and has numerous holes throughout the hose , one of the wheels fell off and now another part of the hose has broken apart . And this list is only within the last ten months ! EVERYTHING that goes wrong with this machine will require a technician and `` special parts '' to fix . The most recent issue is with some plastic connector on the hose . The rub is we have a replacement part we ca n't use . We have the exact same section - this extra part came with the house and the phantom ; however , we ca n't use it . Apparently the clamps holding the part on do not come off and Leslie 's has us ordering a whole new section again . Also , Leslie 's never has the parts in stock so it can easily take a week or more to get the thing functioning again . This is a terrible machine and I will NEVER buy hayward again .
 The worst I 've seen . Sprayed around the house , carpenter ants still come in . I sprayed directly on ants , and the ants seemed dazed for a little bit , then shook it off and back to walking at normal speed . It says `` kill on contact '' , but it does n't work for me at all . I do n't know , maybe if I spray enough on the ants , it will drown them ? I am going to try another brand . I just hope the ants have n't build a nest in my house .
 I ca n't believe this product is still around . I 've tried it twice at triple the strength recommended on the label to kill carpenter ants . I sprayed it directly on them and they swim in it , then still go about their business infesting more.Worst pesticide on the market.The only thing this will kill is the money in your wallet.LESS than 1 star . Is zero available ? Bayer should stay selling aspirin or maybe this is their secret weapon to get you to buy more . Because if you try to kill ants with this product you will need bottles of aspirin .
 My son uses this for his school books and by the 3rd day , the fabric had frayed and the rope came through the hole .
 These goblets were purchased to add to a picnic basket that I was giving as a gift . The clear plastic goblets arrived with the packaging intact , yet all of the goblets were cloudy with deep scratches and abrasions . Three of the four had messy glue joints where the stems attach to the goblet and the fourth one was not glued together at all ! . In disgust , I discarded them altogether and purchased a package of inexpensive disposable wine glasses at a local party supply store . Though thinner and lighter in weight than the Keep it Simple With Katie Brown Goblets , the party store glasses looked better and cost far less !
 These glasses are cheaply made !!! They look like a dime store set !! They fell apart , they arrived broken and scrathed !!!!
 I purchased this awning two years ago for a west-facing window on my Phoenix home . The awning gets full afternoon sun . The material itself has held up remarkably well , with less fading than I expected . The problem is the stitching that holds the whole thing together . After two years , the cotton stitching on most of the seams has rotted away . One result is that the outer metal frame has separated from the material . Needless to say , the awning is shot . Sure , you can get replacement material , but that costs nearly as much as what I paid for the awning . Seems they would spend a little more on stitching that lasts as long as the awning material . Definitely disappointed in this product , especially considering the manufacturer 's claim that the product lasts up to 15 years . Not true .
 Not very pleased with this for the price . It faded right away and did not last even a third of the summer . Must say the umbrella lasted , just not the color .
 Total disappointment with the product . Ordered two , one came with a crack in the mast . They sent a new one immediately without me having to return the damaged one . Poor quality and bad design cause these to bend in the middle like a reed in the wind . I doubt they will last the rest of the summer and will end up in the trash after this season . Save your money and buy something that will last . The customer service was excellent .
 Cheap umbrella for a cheap price - what do you expect ? One of the ribs broke in a not so strong breeze . The ribs are made of thin cheap wood so there you go ...
 A total piece of crap , from the not-even-close-to-straight pole to the umbrella itself , which seems to be the same fabric as re-usable shopping bags and has so many loose threads hanging from it , you 'd think we were decorating it as a Christmas tree . Lesson learned
 I 've bought the nicer umbrellas ... and cheap ones from Target . Usually they are replaced every year or every other year . This one is definitely more along the cheap end . I do n't expect that it will last long . It had a reddish orangish frame , and in a pale yellow / vanilla ? cheap fabric . I was disappointed as soon as it came out of the box . I kind of expected a taupe color from the picture . Oh well , paid about -LSB- ... -RSB- for shipping . I 'll get another one next year when it 's warmer . As they say , you get what you pay for .
 Product Dimensions
 Out of the box this pool seemed nice . It was easy to put together and with the help of an air compressor it was blown up in minutes . I enjoyed going in there with my 2 year old daughter -LRB- twice -RRB- until I pulled the drain plug and it took the lining of the bottom of the pool with it . What a huge disappointment ! I shopped around and decided to get this particular one because of the nice canopy . Obviously the quality is terrible . Up until it ripped my daughter absolutely loved it . What a bummer .
 I did not find these chlorine tablets effective at all . They left my pool cloudy , and I also found I had to add a ton of tablets to get my levels up . I will not purchase this again .
 I bought these thinking it would be great to have an additive to help prevent skin drying out . It does make the water feel `` softer '' but also very cloudy and does not seem to have enough chlorine to maintain adequate levels in the water as I was never able to get my chlorine levels to register above .5 no mater how many I put in my skimmer . It also leaves a residue on your skin and pool . Maybe they were intended to be a supplement to a straight chlorine , but the instructions are so vague it 's hard to tell . I switched to a straight chlorine tablet and have had no problem maintaining proper chlorine levels . I just hope the residual cloudiness from these 3-1 tablets will go away now .
 The clock/thermometer do look like the picture , BUT it 's decieving as everything is the samecolor so you ca n't see the hands to tell time or temp . The pics look like the hands really stand out & there is color shading behind the numbers -- not so ! It 's all the same gray of unglazedceramic & the hands are such a pale gold you ca n't see them at all unless you stand right in front & up really close . Very disappointed ! Certainly not worth it for the price . Will replace as soon as we find something we can see -- $ 92 plus over $ 12 for shipping down the tubes .
 There are two big problems with this DVD.First , it 's a mediocre copy of a black-and-white telecast . Grainy , fuzzy . If you grew up with B&W ; TVs and rabbit ears , you 'll feel very at home . But if you 're looking for clarity , forget it.Second , if you 're looking for Pistol Pete at his best , the last thing you want to see is his biggest scoring night ever . Think about it . What made the Pistol so amazing was his range of skills and , most importantly , his unorthodox passing . He was Magic Johnson before there was a Magic Johnson , but with a jump shot . But in this game , all he does is shoot . And he shoots very well indeed , but that 's pretty much all he does , the vast majority of them jumpers . So if you want to watch Pete Maravich shoot lots of jump shots , buy this DVD . But if you want to see the Pistol shooting , dishing , driving to the hoop , making all the surprising passes that distinguished him from other NBA players , you will be very disappointed .
 The USS Liberty incident was an attack on a United States Navy technical research ship , USS Liberty , by Israeli Air Force jet fighter aircraft and Israeli Navy motor torpedo boats , on June 8 , 1967 , during the Six-Day War . The combined air and sea attack killed 34 crew members -LRB- naval officers , seamen , two Marines , and one civilian -RRB- , wounded 171 crew members , and severely damaged the ship . At the time , the ship was in international waters north of the Sinai Peninsula , about 25.5 nmi -LRB- 29.3 mi ; 47.2 km -RRB- northwest from the Egyptian city of Arish .
 My Skeetervac SV-27 worked well for the first year . Kept the bugs away so we could be outside at night . Killed tons of Mosquitos , And May Flies . But only 1 year later and the skeetervac is lacking in good service . Only 2 of the 5 LED lights are working , And the Skeeter vac will not stay running . It 's a 250.00 $ paper weight right now . I will be contacting BlueRhino soon to try to replace this for free
 I was very impressed by how quickly the mosquito trap filled up . The tape caught more horse flys than mosquitos which was nice . The 2nd year it started up nicely . After a few day I went to empty the trap but the trap was empty and the machine was off . It started right up again . I checked it 30 min later and it was off . I finally determined that it would shut off after 5-10 minutes . It is now past the warrenty date and I 'm in search of a better and cost effective method of killing the litter critters .
 I purchased the Skeeter Vac 2704 last March 08 . It worked pretty well the first summer -LRB- though you should put it in the shade for best results -RRB- . Now this summer I noticed the fan was not working . I took it apart to clean and still no fan . I am not sure if I will purchase a new fan or a different product . A little disappointed . It should have lasted at least 3 - 5 years minimum for the price .
 I had this thing -LRB- the skeeter vac model CPSV3100 for 1 acre -RRB- , $ 315.00 I plunked down for it and the tac-traps -LRB- which by the way caught a lot a bugs , just none of them were mosquitos -RRB- . I put it in a spot in my back yard where I got bit the most often and sat right beside it with mosquitos eating me alive . I left the piece of junk in that very spot for a week and it caught 3 mosquitos , hardly worth the effort . Just while I was dismantling it alone I got bit more times than I can count , so believe me mosquitos were there in abundance . My advice is to buy some more citronela candles , they work better . I do n't know how they get good reviews for this , they must be hiring them , if it do n't catch mosquitos by accident in my back yard it is a peice of junk in my opinion . I sent it back to Amazon the next day.Bob Wright440-396-8037
 This product does catch mosquitoes when it runs . But they break !!!!! allot ! I had my 1 summer it worked great . The next summer the leds did n't work . They sent me the led circuit board . I was still under warranty . The next summer it will not start . Of course my warranty is over . I can buy a new motor for 135.00 . I shell out 135.00 . The send a refurbished motor assembly I hook it up it s great . The next month it will start but it will not run . The gas gauge will not move . I call up they say oh it is bad unit we will send you a replacement for the replacement . A month goes by and I call to see where my replacement is . They tell me I should have been told it is a 8 week wait for a replacement unit . Needless to say I am getting my money back . I will try a liberty brand next year
 I bought this model last year and it worked great . This year it would not start . The good thing is Blue Rhino honored the warrantee even though it expired a couple of weeks before that . They said that this model SV-27 had a flaw in the design of the combustion chamber which made it more likely to fail . They said the newer models -LRB- like SV3000 and SV5000 -RRB- have a better design . They did send me a replacement engine -LRB- basically the entire top -RRB- which is one of the newer models . I am pleased with the support I got from them but if I was buying a new one I would not get a SV27 . I would look for one of the new models .
 We live in virginia and have a bad problem . Maybe not as bad as some of the other writers who live in swamps . Bad nonetheless to the point of getting 5 bites in an hour.The unit is definately high quality . The ignitor always works . About the only mechanical problem we had was when a rodent ate through the gas line.My wife swears that the unit works , but I rarely , if ever , saw a mosquito in the basket . I attribute the decrease more to the drought we experienced.After going through five propane refills and cleaning out at most 100 mosquitos I figured that going for a sixth is just wrong for the environment . I 'll try again next season , but will look for alternatives .
 I live in Atlanta and had very high hopes in these units . First , for the price and features it 's a much better deal vs. Mosquito Magnet . I could n't imagine having to run a cord through the yard , having to mow around it with the mosquito magnet.Thus , I tried the Skeetervac . Long story short , I received a replacement unit after first time of use two summers ago . They never told me what they thought was wrong with it , and after 2-3 times back/forth with customer care , they shipped me a replacement unit -LRB- no questions asked -RRB- . Last summer , I did n't use it - did n't need it as mosquitos were low . I kept the unit in storage room in our basement.Now , I 'm into this summer and need to run the new unit they shipped me . It wo n't start just like the older unit they replaced . The battery has been replaced , and it 's clicking creating an ignition , but no `` pop '' to light the propane that is flowing into it.There 's a fundamental design flaw/issue in these units , and I 'm waiting for SkeeterVac to acknowledge this . It 's either that or a major liability waiting to happen when the unit explodes after someone holds down the ignition for 20 minutes -LRB- instead of 20 sec like they tell you -RRB- . I 'm an honest user trying to get what I hoped would be a good product - unfortunately , I 'm now going to try to get my second replacement from Skeetervac.I do not recommend , and am sorry to write this review . My intent is to try pesticides/spray to control until I 'm successful in a replacement unit.P.S . The unit I had was a 2704 .
 I was looking for a hose mainly to hook up to a auxiliary sump pump . I saw this on the Amazon warehouse for about $ 20 and figured it was a better option than the cheap 5/8 inch hose I was considering . Plus , I could use this for draining my hot water heater.There 's a couple of good features to this hose . The ends are very solid brass couplers . Well-made with zero leaks . They are hefty enough that I do n't anticipate any problems with them for the life of the hose . Plus , the 3/4 inch size has a noticeably greater flow than a 5/8 inch hose -LRB- especially when using it with a pump -RRB- , and it comes with a life-time warranty -LRB- according to the packaging , if it breaks you need to send back the ends and they will send you a new hose -RRB- . But the hose itself is problematic with regard to kinks . It 's more manageable when used with hot water , but cold water -LRB- or any outside temperature below 80 degrees -RRB- makes it very cumbersome to wind/unwind . It kinks VERY easily and the kinks are difficult to work out . The hose came with two kinks that have set themselves permanently into the hose restricting the flow , and the outer casing at the kink points is cracked . No leaks , but just a matter of time before the cracks extend further.Even though it was so inexpensive I returned it and replaced it with a 3/4 inch Flexogen by Gilmore -LRB- got two 25 foot hoses on the Amazon Warehouse for about the same price I paid for this -- $ 20 -RRB- . As usual , Amazon was a breeze to deal with regarding the return.I 'll give it two stars due to the connections and the fact that , in specialized applications , it 's workable . But unless you 're willing to put up with some major drawbacks , it 's not worth getting even at $ 20 , and absolutly not worth the full price.Also , although the product info says it will handle water up to 200 degrees , the label on the hose I received says the limit is 190 degrees .
 Product arrived without damage to the box . I left it sit in my garage for a month before opening it and , once I did , I was unable to get the cover unfolded . I do n't know if it is just old and sat for a long time or if they folded it before the plastic was cooled/dried , but the plastics are melted/fused together and ripped when I tried to open the cover . Unfortunately , I did n't open the product right away after receiving it . I figured with no moving parts , what could go wrong ? I wo n't make that mistake again . * Update
 My Weber Genesis bit the dust after 15 years so I bought a terrific Ducane -LRB- made by Weber now -RRB- Affinity 4200 from Lowes . Unfortunately , the Weber cover did n't fit so I bought this one . What a mistake.This heavy black vinyl cover says ` cheap ' all over it . The vinyl is not very flexible and the lining is a cheap flannel material that flakes off all over the grill ... very unappetizing ! Every time I take it off , I have to thoroughly clean all the outside surfaces of the grill . And the fit is actually too fitted to the grill so it takes some wrangling to get it on ... and off.All in all , it 's nothing like the quality of the Weber cover which was actually a pleasure to put on and take off.I 'll probably return this to Amazon and get a generic cover that 's better made and easier to put on and take off .
 I returned the Grill Cover , but have not seen a credit on my credit card.The information on the web site was not sufficient - in that it did n't indicated all the grills it would work with , so the grill cover size I needed - this one did not fit.So , I had to incurr $ $ $ for something that was an omission on the description.When can I expect my credit?Thanks.David Caccamo
 It fits but its of poor quality , I do n't expect it to last long . my previous Ducane cover
 Thought it might last more than 6 months , all 4 corners are ripped through . It seemed too snug when I first put it on , it just was n't made to last .
 Ordered this earlier in the month and it arrived in only a few days . However it was not the correct size for the model 4100 , short by several inches . When I searched again , this was the only cover to show up for the model 4100 . It does appear to be a quality item compared to other covers I have seen . Surprisingly , Amazon lists the dimensions for this item as the size of the box it comes in and not the dimension for the actual cover ! Go figure ? Rating is based on the fact that it does not fit the 4100 although the 4100 is listed as one of the grills it is compatible with . If someone knows of a quality grill cover for the Ducane Affinity 4100 , please let me know .
 While we initially liked this cover , we are now 4 months in and it is ripping/cracking in one of the corners . What looked to be a nice snug fit is really just too tight . Reinforced corners might have solved the problem
 I got this cover last fall and within a few weeks of use one of the corners ripped on me . I will admit I take it off and put it on after every use which could be 5-6 times a week , but still it should fall apart like that . Also I live in Minnesota so the temps get pretty cold in the fall/winter months , but I got this in the summer and it was coming apart at the seams right away . I 'm writing the review because I 've never run into some this bad before . I just had the cover off today and I just put it on and the fourth corner ripped on me so all four corner seams have broken . The material they use to cover it seems good and the cover does extend all the way to the group , but they just made the fit too tight for this unit . GARBAGE ! It kind of makes me feel like I should have gotten a Weber as the overall quality is better . I do like the grill , but I 'm sure the Weber along with it 's cover would be better . So sad ...
 Not made for outdoor -LRB- !? -RRB- . It fit tightly at first but within the first winter , cracks appeared and it became useless unless I duck tape it . I bought a larger cover at Walmart and it is still holding well after more than a year . This product is not Ducane-quality .
 Received the cover in the two days as stated . Appears to be made of heavy vinyl material with cloth lining and fits perfectly over the 4200 model grill . I like how it goes almost to the floor . Should help keep wind and weather out . Will see how it holds up.updated 9/20/12 ... after an all day drizzle , no storms or wind ... I removed the cover the next day to inspect the grill . Found water on the grill ! Cover must have leaked at the seams . checked the next day and still wet . Cover holds water in the cloth lining . I did n't buy a new grill and cover to have water trapped by the cover on the grill for days ! This would be worse than just leaving uncovered.To Amazon 's credit , they accepted the return of the cover with refund and I 'm purchasing the `` Classic Accessories Veranda Cart BBQ Cover '' It has many outstanding reviews and has vents to allow cover to breath and handles to make it easier to remove and replace . I 'll write a review after it is exposed to rain.Amazon 's customer service is outstanding !!!
 Extremely disappointed ! The cover ripped in the corner after only 6 weeks . It does not hold up to the weather at all . We 've had it now for about 9 months and it is falling apart . We will definitely have to replace it this summer . It was too late to return it , and we feel totally ripped off . We did n't expect it to last forever , but it did n't even make it thru one BBQ season .
 Installed the IRRI-TAPE on the side of my home to deter woodpeckers . In the first installation , the tape broke in one week after rubbing the bracket by wind . I replaced the tape and give just enough tension to keep the tape suspended between brackets and not hit my wall and make noise . But the tape broke again after one week.I think the tape will survive longer if I install it very loose , but I could n't do it because the tape made noise by hitting my wall .
 Really I should have taken a photo of all the birds flying in and out of my place ... it is like a heli-pad for birds ... the stuff simply does not work and was a waste of money !
 Unfortunately this item did n't deter the flock of pigeons that inhabit our barn.They are still here despite the use of this item and other Bird-X deterrents .
 Works good until they get used to it . I used this on my boat mouring cover for seagull control and it would have worked if it stayed in place . Right @ the 2 month point , it breaks and then the seagulls get audacious enough to sit next to the broken off streamer . If it did n't break off , it would have worked . I replaced it and it worked until it broke off again right @ the 2 month point again . Too brittle after a time - maybe UV breakdown ??
 We bought this and the birds be gone hoping to keep purple grackles from flying across our deck , under the roof covering it . Well , it is good for a laugh ... they sat on them , under them . Finally bought a net and hung that up . It worked . No more cleaning up after the birds!we have ordered a roll down screen as a permanent solution .
 I put it around the outside perimeter of the house . Upon returning home that day the whole house inside smelled like moth balls . I switched to Snake Stopper and it works just as well .
 Tried using this for the past year and thought it worked until the last 3 weeks . We have a racer -LRB- I 'm OK with it ... my wife on the other hand ... ! -RRB- in our yard that I do n't want to kill . I saw it in the yard and I walked out with the Snake-A-Way and tried to sprinkle it behind the snake trying to chase it out of the yard . I think I bothered it more than the crushed moth-balls ! It finally curled up in a hole by a fence so I sprinkled the stuff around leaving a swath open where the snake could escape ... I also put some DIRECTLY ON the snake , but it just sat there.One week later , snake was back sunning itself ON the area I 'd sprinkled previous -LRB- supposed to last 3 months -RRB- ! Had to chase it out again with a rake ! Will have to start looking for some other repellent !
 Snake Master Mike 's review is discouraging because we are overrun with rattlers here in the hills of Northern California . There are dens all over our property sounding off with continuous hissing all day . Fish and game wo n't do anything , Home Depot has nothing for sale for this , and we are n't going to hire a backhoe or dozer like the enviros say to do . This is the worst year ever and our six cats are working overtime without success . It will cool off this month , but we need to get a solution next spring before the hot season starts . There ought to be a poison that will just kill them off . No such product seems to exist .
 As a Herpetologist myself let me take this opportunity to rip this products add a part bit by bit : Snake-A-Way is the world 's only EPA registered : Anything can be submitted for EPA Registration , that does n't mean it works !!! University tested : Notice they do n't say which university tested it , and what the results were . Just because it was tested does not mean it did well in the tests , they just want you to assume that.Patented snake repellentAre snakes scarred of Pattents ? No , then why does that matter?It has been proven effective against both poisonous and non-poisonous snakes.What Proof?When used and applied as directed , it is environmentally friendly to humans , animals and plant life.Probly because it is just a junk mix of herbs and minerals.It has been universally approved and endorsed by naturalists , conservationists and ecologists.Universally ? Again who is endorsing this . Anyone can call themselves a naturalist , ecologist , or consercationist . These are not proffesional titles like Doctor or lawyer but self proclaimed philosophies on a given matter . Anyone can call themselves on of these titles even this companies PR person.THE BOTTOM LINEDo n't want snakes around , get an outdoor cat . The cat will eat the snakes food source so it will go packing in search of alternate feeding grounds . This junk is nothing more than an over priced ugly paper wieght .
 Although I did n't buy this unit from Amazon , I thought I should let folks know about the troubles I have had with the MT-350 . It worked for a couple months during the summer and seemed to catch mosquitoes , however it quit just before the end of the season . Since then I have n't been able to get past the 3 blinking lights -LRB- no propane -RRB- . Tried everything to fix the problem . Called Flowtron customer support several times with little satisfaction ... they kept saying try something else to troubleshoot the problem.The latest call resulted in them telling me the unit is now beyond warranty even though the unit failed before the warranty period expired . And they had the gall to tell me I could send them $ 175 for an `` upgraded '' head unit . It appears they have fixed some old problems . This is not what I call customer service especially after spending $ 400 to purchase the unit in the first place.Bottom line ... unit does n't work and customer service does n't either ! I would say avoid the Flowtron PowerTrap MT-350 !
 This unit worked for one summer , I stored it indoors and set it up the next spring . It refused to work so I cleaned the lines with a CO2 cartridge . That did n't work so I sent it to the manufacturer . They sent back a rebuilt unit that worked for one day . It seems the lines get clogged and the unit must be dissassembled and cleaned . This appears to be a design flaw with all of these types of mosquito catchers.Fortunately , I purchased this unit from Costco and brought it back for a full refund no questions asked !
 Worked for 1 season , then just stopped catching mosquitoes.Not sure why , was cleaned and stored indoors over the winter , added a brand new propane tank , new attractant , and recleaned in spring .
 This was given to us . We set it up . It caught 2 mosquitos overnight . We tried again . We gave it back . We had read all the bad reviews on it . We had to give it a fair shot for a few nights . NOT worth the money if you 're planning on buying one .
 I took a leap of faith on essentially this same unit -LRB- without the wheels -RRB- and purchased through Costco . Man I want to like this unit , but it is impossible . As expected , the fan went out in about a year . This is pretty consistent , and I figured , well , I 'll see if I like it , and if I do , I 'll just replace the fan when it fails . Not entirely a bad deal , since the fan is $ 44.95 or so , and this is one of the few Mosquito traps that combine LPG , octenol , and some electronic sounds/lights . But the company ca n't get out of its own way . They 're a bit hard to reach to begin with , but the only way to get a replacement fan for this unit is to mail them a check ! The single customer service representative who seems to reply to email and answer the phone -LRB- Shelly -RRB- , is n't setup for any type of payment , even though they run an online store for accessories . And on the accessories website , they do n't sell parts , just accessories . With every single review containing stories of fans failing after a year , how much trouble would it be to carry the fan in the online store ? And keep in mind this is YEARS after reviewers started reporting fan failures . What an idiotic company.I really wanted to keep this sucker , but alas , back to Costco it goes . Costco 's stopped carrying these , so no wonder why . For folks who have n't bought from Costco , Flowtron surely must have extracted a lot of money and grief with this stuff . Here 's hoping justice is served by their departure from the marketplace .
 caught two mosquitos in three daysI was getting eaten alive while trying to find out why it did n't work .
 I 've been an Amazon shopper for years , and was very excited to get this grill . I did a Ton of research both in to pricing and the grill itself.I did very quickly , which was great . Memorial day was approaching . However , as I started to put it together , I noticed a HUGE DENT in the lid . It will cost me a ridiculous amount of money to ship it back to Amazon , so I am stuck with a brand new DENTED grill.If I knew it would have arrived dented I would have bought it from my local hardware store , and pay the $ 60 in shipping .
 I have a few rotating 360 degree mist sprayers in my system . I hoped that this one operated like those . It does not come close . It waters in all directions at once . It is not a fine spray , but rather a spitting spray . I am looking to replace it in the spring .
 This pool is not durable . The rainbow will not stay up and the slide lost air immediately . The kids did not enjoy it as much as I thought they would . It does hold water even though it constantly leaks air . I can not find a hole to patch , I think it just has weak seams . This might be worth twenty bucks but not the near fifty I paid for it . It does have plugs to make it easier to drain but mine got clogged with grass so I had to dump it anyway . I would not buy this again and would n't recommend it to anyone . I thought it would be a nice change from the hard round kiddie pool but it really is n't . I will keep it until it just absolutely does n't hold water but then it will end up in the trash . I hate throwing things away but I am afraid this is just not something that can be kept and used again . : -LRB-
 After receiving what appeared to be a very exciting -LRB- and highly rated children 's pool -RRB- , I quickly removed the product from the box and -LRB- following the directions -RRB- unrolled the pool , checking for any tears/holes . The product took some time to inflate , including the pool bases and various accessories . After fully inflating everything , I filled the two pools with water . Soon after , I immediately noticed the `` rainbow '' began drooping , as the upper section of the deeper pool began to deflate slowly . I tried numerous times to re-inflate the upper section , but found the rainbow fell over EACH time and the upper section continued to deflate . Despite my efforts , I could not locate any sort of hole or tear to explain the problem . I gave up thinking , `` At least the kids can sort of play in the front pool with the slide . '' I ran a few errands and returned to check on the pool water -LRB- letting it warm in the afternoon sun -RRB- . Upon my return , I was LIVID to find the bottom sections of BOTH pools were now deflating and the water was leaking out of the entire product . My children did not even get to play in the pool once ! Of course , since I removed and used the product , I can not return it . What a disappointment and waste of almost $ 60 ! I will NEVER buy an Intex product again !!! -LRB- If I could give this product `` 0 '' stars , I would . -RRB-
 My mother purchased this pool for my daughter for her birthday . She actually wanted to purchase a much larger pool that accommodate the whole family but I said ... `` Nah , lets just get one that will be easy to store and put up and take down '' . Soooo ... having not had much experience in blow up pools , I did not realize that I needed a powerful electric pump so that I would not nearly die from either A -RRB- pumping with a bicycle pump for hours on end in 100 degree weather or B -RRB- using every iota of my personal oxygen in a frantic attempt to get the pool inflated while my daughter stands beside me , bathing suit and towel ready to hop in ! Finally , thru several pumping / blowing efforts , we got the pool inflated ... sorta . The rainbow just does not behave like it is pictured in the product photo . It flops over regardless of how many efforts we made in getting it completely filled . My daughter , I must say , had a wonderful time in the pool . She is 5 and tall for her age so really it was a little too big for her but she enjoyed it just the same . We left the pool up for a day or two , but living in the south , you really can not do that because the mosquitoes love to reproduce in standing water . Soooo ... I decided to take the pool down . Also , I must mention , one of the sides of the larger pool area began deflating on its own the first day we used it . We found no holes to easily patch . Just another aggravation . Back to deflating the pool ... hope you have time on your hands !! You would think deflation would be easy . No . Not when the pool contains so many gallons of water . Next , storage . What a mangled mess . I tossed it out of exhaustion to the side of the yard and there it remains today ... 4 months later . So much for the easy pool .
 I purchased this product for my daughters 2nd birthday . She LOVED it once it was up . The problem was taking it down/emptying it . There is no drain plug . The other review that stated it had 2 holes is referring to the air holes . Unless you wish to deflate and inflate each time its not worth your time . A pool cover will only delay the inevitable and increase chances of bacteria with the sitting water . I 'm returning it and going with the intex pool that is shaped like a star and has an inflatable bottom with a drain plug . Does n't look as toddler/kid appealing but kids just like pools . So I hope it will work . Returning this pool has also been a hassle ... Do n't do it . I think your little one will be just as happy in a more practical pool ... and you will too !
 Do n't bother . We purchased this unit in May 2008 . After the weather warmed up in our area , -LRB- CT -RRB- we blew it up one Saturday afternoon for my then 2 year old . After a couple of hours of use , it was fine , then everything deflated on it 's own . The `` Ranibow '' deflated , the ball slides on the side of the lower pool , and then eventually , the upper ring on the deeper pool . I tried blowing it all up again ... and once again , it deflated . I tried finding holes ... I could not . I 'm only writng this review now as I just saw one of the bouncers and was thinking about purchasing . Now knowing what I went through a year ago , I will not buy another Intex item . Buyer beware .
 was so excited to receive this product knowing its the best deal!so had it blown up but lots of parts has holes.the main part to be blown up , air cant stay.air comes out after an hour or two from blowing air .
 fun toy but it arrived damaged -- luckily the part we could n't inflate was n't crucial , but it 's annoying -- no time to replace it because our grandchildren were already here when we opened the box and inflated the pool . the part with a hole was superfluous , so definitely not worth the trouble of shipping it back . our grandson greatly enjoyed the shower and the slide .
 I have to blow the pool up every 30 minutes because it was shipped with a tear in the base that blows up the entire pool . not satisfied with the quality , will be returning .
 I bought this pool for my 4 and 5 year olds last summer . We 'd had a two-section pool with deeper and shallower ends before -LRB- not this one -RRB- that we loved , but after we left it out -LRB- folded up in a stairwell -RRB- during the winter -LRB- oops -RRB- , it melted . So we hoped this pool would be a good replacement . It was n't . The front section with the slide is too small for a kid to do much in . The slide takes up nearly all the room , so they ca n't swim around , they can only sit . The back section , which can be deeper , is nice for one kid but it 's far too small for them both to play in , so they fight over whose turn it is in the back . Additionally , the slide is useless . It tore away from the base on the second use and the angle is too obtuse for a kid to slide down unless it is wetted down . The ring toss is OK . The ball toss , which should be fun , is n't because the holes the balls should go through do n't inflate enough to stay upright . They 're always leaning slightly down , making throwing a ball through them pretty hard . But the worst part of this pool is that it only lasted maybe 6 weeks . Then each part began to get holes and deflate . I tried and tried to find where they were coming from to fix them , but I never could . We have the pool on soft grass with nothing sharp under it -LRB- no trees around either -RRB- so my guess is it ripped or tore from use . It did n't even make it through one summer . Booo . Overall I 'd say it 's longevity alone makes it a bad purchase , but all the fun little extras we were excited about turned out to be poorly designed or made . I would recommend you keep shopping for something else .
 We ordered this for our daughter and it 's defected . The rainbow part is leaking air somewhere and does n't matter how much air we blew in , it goes down in less than 5 minutes . The product itself is also very small . Much smaller than in picture . Would not recommend this at all .
 This pool ripped on the first day on grass . We used the patch but it still leaks air . Every time we use it we have to add more air . Very thin .
 we bought this pool for our 2 young daughters at the end of last year , they enjoyed it during the last days of summer but I ca n't honestly say that the added features -LRB- ball , rings , slide -RRB- captured their attention the way I had expected it to . When we tried to inflate the pool this year one of the valves seemed to be warped in a way that prevented the cap from keeping the air from leaking out . When I called the Intex company to see if there was a possible fix for it I was quickly told that `` we do n't warranty any of our products '' ... In my opinion this pool is a little pricey for something that needs to be considered entirely disposable . I think I 'll be replacing it with a basic pool that wo n't cost much and therefore wont be a big deal if it only provides a few uses ...
 This last a month ... the rainbow thing that holds water never stood straight up and after a week it didnt hoild air ... the slide detached from the top part then from the bottom of the pool ... it is so not worth a dollar ... i bought another pool that was cheaper and has outlasted this one ... if you want your kids to use it for only one month go ahead and but it
 Rainbow never stood up straight and hung in the way over the slide . We used it once and it entertained my 2.5 year old but after a week the entire lower half would n't hold any air . Ca n't seem to find the hole . My daughter liked the rings but did n't get the idea of a ring toss an with the rainbow bent over it did n't matter . Last Intex pool lasted all summer and was less money . This one disappoints .
 Inflating this was brutal ... especially the portion that holds the archway/shower up . Not good ... it required constant attention.My toddler was happy but she would probably love any sort of kiddie pool ... but this one was not very much fun for her daddy .
 My 3 yr . old son would have enjoyed this pool longer , but one major important factor this pool does not have is a drain plug for the water ! As a parent , it gets so frustrating at times when purchasing various toys for your child ... seems the thing either does n't last for long or there is something wrong with it ... so , as hard as it was to return this pool , we did ... not having a drain plug was a major issue to us ... you do have to change out the water every 3 days or so ... and having that to do just does n't justify keeping it . Good luck !
 I bought this pool two times . My toddler loved it but both times I had to return it because everything deflated on it 's own in some hours .
 The pool came without a pump ! So we ordered a electronic one . Even with the electronic pump it took us over an hour to blow it up . The rainbow does fall towards the middle of the pool so we have something holding it . Draining is rather difficult , it stops with about 1/2 inch of water in it . Over all , fun but not worth the price .
 I ordered 5 of these for a total of $ 23 with shipping , liked them , was happy with the shipping cost and proceeded to order another 5 until I saw that shipping charge . For a second order of 5 , they wanted $ 57 for the crystals and shipping.Will go some where else .
 I am so disappointed in this . I ordered crystals in all of the colors of the rainbow , to bead and hang on my patio , but this one -LRB- the only one from this company -RRB- is shattered where they drilled the hole for hanging . It is still intact , but I do n't dare hang it , because it will break . This is easily noticeable , and the person who put in the box to ship had to have seen the severity of the break .
 This prism is good looking but only produces little white dots on the walls . Colored prisms do n't produce much in the way of color splashes although they 're attractive in themselves.Clear prisms can produce a lot of rainbows . Among the clear prisms , those with large facets produce the strongest colors as well as the longest and widest color splashes all over the room.I purchased 7 prisms through Amazon . Among them were 6 different kinds as one was a duplicate from a different vendor . All these prisms were manufactured by the same company , which has its own web site marketing prisms and sells them for much higher prices . Therefore , I have experience with the different prisms available through Amazon.This prism produces the best colors , by far , and the largest color splashes :76 mm Teardrop Crystal Prisms # 873-76 .
 Disappointed - I was specifically looking for a connection for garden hose to kitchen sink faucet.This came up and seemed to be what I was after.But not so fast - this is a garden hose to garden hose faucet quick connect.Works fine , but not what I thought it wasMy fault , I guess .
 This item was coupled with an indoor hose as being frequebtly bought together . Everyone , I 'm sure had the same experience I had ... it does n't go with indoor hose or fawcet !! Nothing seems to go with indoor hose ... and this item is for outdoor fawcet .
 Do n't buy this to keep deer out . They ate right through this . I was hoping that this would work as the price was reasonable . Save your money if you are hoping this will protect crops , trees etc. . It wo n't . I just went out to check on trees planted this fall and the fence has several holes from the deer . My newly planted trees were eaten too .
 I do n't want to get into the packaging review vs. product review . All I know is that what I received was light weight like deer netting , not fencing . Two differences that I see are 1 -RRB- the product I received was black , not green as shown in the picture and 2 -RRB- the package I received was marked 7 lbs . on the cardboard box that it arrived in . The netting or fencing or whatever it is feels more like 2 or 3 pounds , the cardboard box -LRB- big -RRB- makes up the difference . From Amazon 's description of this item it should have been 7.5 lbs . without the box . I am returning to Amazon for a refund , what a waste of time .
 I purchased this in early March 2011 on Amazon . What I received in the mail a week later was Ross Deer Netting , which is very different than what is listed here and sells for only $ 18 on Amazon . I received a full refund , but frustrating to buy a product and get something totally different . Amazon 's sticker on the product even said it was Easy Gardner Deer Fencing . Very misleading . Do Not Buy this from Amazon !!!
 We installed five rolls of this deer barrier fencing . The deer have gone through the fencing several times . It rips quite easy . We cut a piece and patch it over the rip with zip ties . It does n't look pretty . I wish we had gone with a stronger deer fence . We will probably have to take all this down and replace it with something better . Also when installing , one half is straight and the other half is on an angle . The squares are not lined up straight . Makes it harder to install . Maybe it was a defect in the rolls we received . So if you have deer that want to come through they will with no problem . We watched one the other night come running , jump through one side and straight through the other side as if it was n't there . If they want to come through they will .
 I have purchased the deer barrier FENCING before -LRB- about a year ago -RRB- without any issues . HOWEVER , this time , when the item arrived , it was the WRONG item - it was deer NETTING - these are entirely different products . The netting is 1/3 the cost of the fencing and lightweight - the fencing is much more heavy duty . So , I returned the product hoping that with a replacement , I would get the correct item . No , not so lucky . For the second time , I received the incorrect product . The AMAZON LABEL was correct but the ITEM was not - someone put the wrong Amazon label on the product so I am sure that is why I got the wrong item for the second time . The PLUS in all of this is that Amazon is FANTASTIC in the return process . They make it easy to do returns without much hassle at all . I just wish the correct item was possible to acquire . Oh , well ... . I do believe that they are now aware of the problem . - Jan W.
 The packaging was damaged and the table had a `` modest '' dent in it.But given my intended use it was ok . had I had a different use for it I would have returned it .
 Hi I got my woodbuster and the ad says 30 '' handle but mine is 27 also , it says to `` Refer to modelNo . 317047 for replacement handle '' but first off , Replacement handle ? like , the same one ? why would I need a replacement handle if this is welded steel?or do they mean , `` Longer '' handle ? If so , how do I `` Refer '' to it if I dont know the size or price or what exactly it is / lol I have contacted the supplier asking for info but have only recieved a number in the last email which I think is the return number for the one got . Id love to try this out soon but dont wan na scuff this one up if I am going to send it back . One of the girls at the supplier said they have a 36 '' handle one . . sure wish it were on here @ Amazon , I would just buy it.As for reviewing , I know some ppl out there get mad if you dont really review so . . all I can say for now is the shipping was fast , the item arrived in great shape and is built like a tank ! My maul i have now is 10 pounds and this 12 pounder seems more like 20 lbs compared to it ... lol once i straighten this all out i will use it and give my real review .
 The two main problems with this maul that I 've seen .1 . As people have said , the handle is way to short . In order to get a good swing you have to stand to close to your target . It 's dangerous and makes for poor strikes . It also means it 's difficult to take advantage of the extra weight of the maul .2 . The handle was placed too far back on the head of the maul . It made for an unbalanced swing . When you raised the maul for the strike , I could feel the head wanting to twist in mid air.If you want to spend the time to weld an extra length to the handle , I recommend you save your money and just make your own maul . I 've been swinging large axes and mauls for a long time , both homemade and store bought . My recommendation is save your money .
 I purchased two of these for our beach house last year - the have not held up well , given the coastal environment . I would n't expect many years of use , but after just one year , they have faded severely when rolled up for the winter . It takes them several days and much exposure to `` fall out '' after opening them up for the Spring/Summer/Fall months . They do a good job of blocking the sun and shading the house but the material is the problem - using a Sumbrella type fabric would make these a great value but the supplied fabric is basically canvas that fades and wrinkles.Also , the supplied connectors are a huge disappointment - they are exposed `` wing nuts '' and UGLY UGLY UGLY . Look CLOSELY at the photo , if they had designed these to be on the inside , where you can not see them , this would be a far better design . If you have a nice home and want these for function over asthetics , go for it but if I was buying again I 'd pay a littel more for a better grade of fabric and connector system.Oh , and one more thing
 Installation was easy and it looked great for about 2 months . It faded horribly and now looks like it is a pink awning that we have had up for years when in fact it has been up for less than a year . I would not suggest buying this product . I tried to contact the seller and they would no return my request to discuss the problem . A product has to be really bad for me to write a review like this . Please stay away from this product .
 looked good out of the box , but after putting weights on it and putting it in the pond it leans to one side and is like a bobble head !! paint is peeling real bad after omly one week . very disappointed with this , i would return it , but after putting so many holes in the bottom trying to stop it from leaning they probably would not accept back . . waste of money and the shipping was almost the same price as the item itself . . trying to make extra money off us . .
 I read reviews for this item and they were positive so I gave it a shot . When I received it I thought it looked okay , was pretty and sturdy . I put it out and the birds seemed to like it . Two days later it had fallen apart ! The top had completely fallen off . It looked like the glue just disintegrated . It is now a piece of junk . `` Not suitable for outdoor use '' is what it should say .
 It is beautiful to look at but birds ca n't land on it or it will tip -LRB- it 's like a booby trap for birds -RRB- . Squirrels are too heavy for it and tear it apart . The day after I hung it I looked out in the yard and saw a squirrel carrying something off - thought it was a hot dog or something . He grabbed it and ran over the fence and gone . They had knocked it down and ripped off the bottom piece of the feeder that connects to the base . Somehow my husband found that piece and glued the feeder back together . We have learned not to put any food in in but to hang it and enjoy it 's beauty .
 Dont waste your money . The top fell apart first time it rained . I built a new on for that , and now the rest is falling apart . Just by some stained glass and build your own .
 I purchased two of these for our beach house last year - the have not held up well , given the coastal environment . I would n't expect many years of use , but after just one year , they have faded severely when rolled up for the winter . It takes them several days and much exposure to `` fall out '' after opening them up for the Spring/Summer/Fall months . They do a good job of blocking the sun and shading the house but the material is the problem - using a Sumbrella type fabric would make these a great value but the supplied fabric is basically canvas that fades and wrinkles.Also , the supplied connectors are a huge disappointment - they are exposed `` wing nuts '' and UGLY UGLY UGLY . Look CLOSELY at the photo , if they had designed these to be on the inside , where you can not see them , this would be a far better design . If you have a nice home and want these for function over asthetics , go for it but if I was buying again I 'd pay a littel more for a better grade of fabric and connector system.Oh , and one more thing
 Installation was easy and it looked great for about 2 months . It faded horribly and now looks like it is a pink awning that we have had up for years when in fact it has been up for less than a year . I would not suggest buying this product . I tried to contact the seller and they would no return my request to discuss the problem . A product has to be really bad for me to write a review like this . Please stay away from this product .
 I purchased two of these 3/4 '' Y filters and installed them correctly . Both units failed the first on separated just above the threads on the inlet side and the second had a crack inside the inlet side of the unit . I then installed 2 Rain Bird Y filters and they are functioning very well . I will not buy raindrip products again .
 The packaging was damaged and the table had a `` modest '' dent in it.But given my intended use it was ok . had I had a different use for it I would have returned it .
 When I ordered the gazing ball , I thought it was a 10 inch ball . the seller did not note the size . I was disappointed it was a 6 inch ball a better deal can be found ...
 I would n't recommend this product . It gets moisture on the inside and after several months of use it froze at about 200 degrees .
 This things works ok , I suppose . But after only two uses , the glass on the face became discolored almost to the point of being unreadable .
 While I find the thermometer accurate , the ability to read the temperature is difficult because of the small lettering . Also , the interior of the glass surface clouds over while in use and makes it completly unusable during the cooking process . As a result , I found the item was a waste of my money and would not recommend the product .
 After just a few uses the glass became cloudy and unclear . In addition , the text on the gauge became blackened and unreadable . I did try to clean it , but the result was the same . It seemed to work fine the few times I was able to use but soon became UNUSABLE . Now looking for a new thermometer . I would not recommend this one .
 This product failed after several months of use . As a part time chef I rely upon an accurate grill temperature . Shortly after the first use I detected moisture in the interior . The temperature was slow to move either up or down the scale . Finally it froze up and is useless . I should have bought a professional grade to start . My error .
 If you plan on sitting in this chair for longer than 10 minutes , look elsewhere . We use these in the conference room where I work , and literally after about 10 minutes you feel the need to either stand or constantly shift to alleviate the pain . We just had a meeting for an hour from 1:30 pm to 2:30 pm . It is now 5pm and my rear still hurts . Avoid if you can !!! I 'm to the point of rolling my office chair into meetings .
 The silk screen was off the side of the flag , I had to return it .
 i bought it for the design . that being said , it 's not a nice , long lasting , heavy weight nylon material . it 's a cheap , light weight , silk screened flag . not expected to last very long , maybe one season .
 I was surprised that this flag was not as nice as I expected for the price I paid . I purchased a couple of other flags for less money from another supplier that had more detail and were much nicer sewn . I will not purchase flags from this manufacturer in the future .
 The apple picker came in three pieces . Although in theory , it should have been easy to screw the plates to join the two four foot poles together , it proved to be very difficult . The screw holes did not line up with the plate holes , therefore new screw holes had to be drilled . The old holes were filled and I am hoping that the poles have not been compromised due to the revision .
 The tines are as likely to grab branches as fruit . I frequently find myself spending minutes trying to grab a fruit without grabbing the branch it 's on , untangle the picker from the tree , and frequently just pulling hard enough to tear the offending branch off the tree in frustration . The tines bend if you treat them this way , but sometimes the alternative is calling the fire department with `` My picker tried to climb the tree and now it ca n't get down again . `` The fruit can not be twisted but must just be simply yanked off the branch . That means that the branch will bend and then spring back , causing other fruit to fall . That would be okay if they were falling on something soft , but in my back yard I have some flagstones , some stairs , a high drop into a drainage channel behind the shed , and various other obstacles . So the lack of control over the fruit and the impossibility of pulling it off gently can be a problem . God help you if you 're trying to steal fruit from your neighbour.The joint between the two pieces of handle is floppy . It 's quite secure , but the pole certainly wobbles a bit . Not really a problem , but irritating.There 's a piece of foam sitting at the bottom of the basket . It 's designed to prevent the fruit from being bruised as it falls into the basket . It 's not obvious what 's keeping the foam there , and indeed if it was obvious to the designers of the device , then they were wrong
 This picker will get the fruit , but it usually gets some of the branch as well and sometimes rips off a whole branch . It pulls the fruit off . If the fruit does not come off easily , which my oranges usually do n't , I have to pull hard . When the fruit finally comes loose , the back snap of the branch sometimes causes other oranges to fall to the ground and get bruised or broken . The wire hooks can damage the fruit unless you are very careful.The wire basket can be difficult to thread through the branches . It is also difficult to grab a single fruit in a cluster.Get the TwisterPicker also available here on Amazon . It beats the wire basket hands down . Read the reviews there before you buy here . Here 's the link : Fruit Picker , the TwisterPicker
 I ordered this item as a gift for my son , who lives in Miami while we live in New Orleans . We planned a trip to Miami so I ordered it ahead of time so that we could bring it on the road trip with us . It was promised to arrive by 9/7/10 . It did n't come by the 9th , the day we left for the journey . My daughter picked up mail , etc for us and she said it arrived on the 11th -LRB- Saturday -RRB- ... too late!I wrote Amazon a note ... indicating that I would like to return the item ... no answer to date . My `` last '' experiece with AMAZON Dot Com ... perhaps you all should go to the Amazon and see what you 're doing to it with many of your products that you offer . Meanshile I 'm discusted . Thanks for nothing ... except maybe my money back ! Dave Wessel
 this grill is worthless . I had this grill for almost 1 year , I should have gotten rid of it a long time ago . it starts about 20 % of the time I want to use it , which is quit often . several times I had to use a tooth pick to poke the holes in the burner to get it to start . If and when you can get it to start it cooks alright.but when you are depending on your grill to come through when cooking a meal , this grill will test your nerves . I LOST MINE . GOT ANOTHER GRILL ... GOOD LUCK IF YOU BUY THIS GRILL .
 This is an adorable grill , but it just wo n't start ! Every time we 've turned it on to actually use it to cook , it wo n't start ! Even with a match ! And , once we tried it just for the heck of it , it worked ! GO figure ! Called Webber as we 've heard about problems with the regulator . Well , they are happy to replace it , but that piece is out of stock and back ordered for a few weeks ! -LRB- just an indication that we are not the only ones with the problem ! -RRB- We have turned the valve on very slowly like they 've suggested , and that does n't even work . Then you have to wait 5 minutes before you can try it again ! This is our first Webber grill , and it will be our last ! It 's a piece of junk !
 I wanted a simple lawn boy mower , with none of the bells and whistles -LRB- i.e. self propelled , electric start , etc. -RRB- that inevitably end up breaking . As well , Lawn Boy has always been known for its quality ... which this product lacks . First , I was completely amazed that this model has NO throttle control cable at all . Who designs a mower with no throttle control ???!!!! -LRB- some whiz kid who never actually mowed a lawn -RRB- . Second , although the staggered wheel design works in theory , it creates many problems when applied in the real world -LRB- i.e. the mower constantly get 's hung up in minor depressessions , because there is no wheel in the front right corner , which causes the mower to bottom out -RRB- . `` Easy to start '' ... what a joke . The injector system on these things does n't even come close to injecting fuel into the carburator . Rather , its just a worthless button -LRB- I still have to pull the cord 3 times before it will start -RRB- . Finally , I purchased the bagging system that is just as much a pain as the rest of the mower . The diagram for installing the thing is confusing and worthless . The real problem occurs when the bag fills up . once full , the chute that feeds the grass from the deck to the bag clogs , forcing the user to shove their arm down the chute to remove the grass . Oh , and back to the throttle control . Sure , the mower mulches wonderfully when the grass is only 3.5 inches high and completely dry . Otherwise , the mower constantly gets bogged down , yearning for more power , which one ca n't provide . When you finally do buy the mower , the bagger , and a throttle control cable , you would have been better off purchasing an entirely differnt mower -LRB- I would recommend the Cub Cadet with the caster wheels -RRB- . This is not the same Lawn Boy mower from 20 years ago . The quality and design are both poor , and consequently would not recommend that anyone purchase this product , or any other Lawn Boy product for that matter .
 First of all , this is a very poor machine.I have a lot of steep hills on my property and was forced to purchase this item for the two-cycle engine.Toro / Lawn-Boy brags about the 14 gauge deck
 First of all , I agree with Mr. Barlett and his review of this very poor machine.First of all , I agree with Mr. Barlett and his review of this very poor machine . I have a lot of steep hills on my property and was forced to purchase this item for the two-cycle engine.Toro / Lawn-Boy brags about the 14 gauge deck
 Not long after my previous rant , I had the displeasure of having one of the wheels on my mower all but disintegrate , literally . The plastic center of the wheel broke entirely away from the bolt . This was n't brought on by a loose bolt , excessive force , or any other bizarre act of god . Rather , it was through normal wear and tear -LRB- keep in mind I only used the mower 6 times before this happened -RRB- . Upon calling Lawn Boy/Toro , I was basically told in so many words that they would n't send me a replacement wheel , and that it was my loss . Needless to say , I went to Wal Mart and purchased a steel wheel for $ 5.97 , which was consequently of a better quality than the wheel that actually came with the mower in the first place ! Also , while on the topic of wheels , for those of you who know a thing about mower wheels , the small hole in the middle of the tread of a mower wheel is for adding lubrication to the moving parts via means of a small oil can . Well , after taking the wheel off the mower , I quickly noticed that the standard rim on a lawn boy wheel is a 1/4 '' inch solid piece of plastic that is entirely separate from the actual tread . Thus , it is IMPOSSIBLE to actually put oil on the moving parts . Rather , the oil just lays inside the tread . This mower is junk , the customer service is poor , and I 'll never purchase another Lawn Boy in my life , period , or any other product of the Toro family . Finally , to add to the other individuals who wrote responses , this mower is HEAVY . Between the 14 gauge deck , and the 6.5 hp engine , it 's is virtually impossible to use on a steep bank without cutting off a foot . Oh , and one other thing . This mower really does n't leave your lawn looking spectacular . It really only gives you an average cut . In fact , the only product I despise more than a Lawn Boy is a Craftsman . However , my neighbor gets a much better cut from his Craftsman than I do from my Lawn Boy . barlett@usachoice.net
 It 's not evident in the description , but this mower is not a self-propelled mower . I had no idea that mowers were still produced that sent no power to the wheels . We had a self-propelled mower 20 years ago . Crazy that it is not a standard feature . Beyond that , the mower is nice . I guess you get what you pay for . Now I know why the model was so cheap compared to the other Lawn Boy models . Also , there are no speed controls or any significant features to this mower . It 's the definition of simple . Basically it 's either on or off - and that 's it . No choke or acceleration or adjustments . That could be good or bad , depending on your preferences . If you 're looking for a mower that is a snap to setup and has no frills - and you want a bit more exercise from the pushing - this is the model for you . Otherwise , steer clear .
 Thought these gloves were an awesome idea . After only wearing a few times , the gloves are already wearing out and getting holes in them . Wish they were made a little sturdier .
 This thing broke the first day I had it . It 's made of plastic and white metal . A piece of the white metal broke and I sent it right back . If this was made in the US of A it would probably be a good mower . Buyer beware .
 I spent some time researching reel mowers and thought this would be a good buy . I now regret the purchase . From the onset , I had problems with the handles detaching from the unit sporadically and the road that holds the black rollers coming detached -- followed by the rollers falling all over ... Most recently the metal housing that held the height adjustments cracked on both sides and the unit is useless . To the recycle bin ... waste of money .
 I have owned this MM-1 for about three years and use it very occasionally . I use it at it 's highest setting . The cast parts that hold the thing together have now cracked in three places . At the high setting there is much more stress on these parts as business end is the cantilevered out . Do n't buy one unless you are mowing a putting green .
 I was a big fan of the MM-1 when it first arrived . More than happy to do my part for the environment , I did n't mind that it required a little extra attention to not let the grass get too long.However , after less than a year , of which only about 4 months were during cutting season , a bracket snapped that prevents the reel from turning freely . Sunlawn did not respond to a voice-mail . They sent an e-mail in response to mine , saying they would replace the affected part . That was 3 weeks ago , and additional e-mails have gone unanswered . Buyer Beware !
 I PURCHASED THE REEL MOWER AND ATTEMPTED TO USE IT FOR A MONTH . I COULD NEVER GET A GOOD CLEAN CUT . MY GRASS WAS BEGINNING TO LOOK LIKE IT WAS BURNING . IT ALSO NEVER GAVE ME THE `` FLAT TOP '' LOOK THAT I LIKE . I WENT BACK TO MY POWER MOWER AND IT STRAIGHTENED UP AGAIN . I IMAGINE IT 'S THE TYPE OF GRASS THAT I HAVE-FROM MASSACHUSETTS . THE MOWER ITSELF SEEMED VERY WELL BUILT AND EASY TO USE . IT 'S A SHAME I COULD N'T IT TO WORK .
 Bad review for Sunlawn , but great review for Amazon . This is the first bad experience I have ever had with an Amazon Merchant . My reel mower did n't arrive by the date it was supposed to . After waiting several extra days , I contacted Amazon , who said wait until this new date , and it showed up . All was fine until the mower broke the 2nd time we used it . We had a horrible time getting a hold of sunlawn for a refund or replacement -- always getting a message about an unprecedented number of calls and never receiving an email response . When I left a message with sunlawn saying I was contacting Amazon about their service , I finally got a call back . They said I would receive a return shipping label -- but it never came , and I never heard from them again . I did hear from Amazon , who followed through and refunded my purchase . Amazon is wonderful -- just stay away from Sunlawn .
 I purchased this product in May 2007 . I have an average quality 2,500 sq ft midwestern lawn.The MM-1 is light , easy to push , and much quieter that a gasoline powered mower . You do n't have to mess around with oil and gas . It cuts the grass , instead of being torn by a typical rotary style moter . This is better for the health of your lawn . Also beneficial is that the clippings are deposited back onto the lawn . You just need to be aware of the limitations of this and any other reel mower - they will not cut long -LRB- over 4 '' -RRB- grass . This means that during the spring I 'll typically have to mow twice a week , and once a week during the summer.I do have some issues with the quality of this mower . It is advertised as having a resharpening frequency of 7-10 years , due to a non-contact cutting system in which there is a 0.002 '' gap between the reel and the bedknike . I have found that it is not possible to adjust it to this gap consistently across the length of the bedknife on all 5 of the reel blades . If the gap is too great , the mower will not cut the grass as well . Too close , and the mower will probably require sharpening more frequently and be more difficult to push . I just do n't think that the mower is manufactured to tight enough tolerances to get this optimal gap `` across the board '' . I 'm a little skeptical about the 7-10 year sharpening frequency . I adjusted my mower the best that I could , but I found that I get the best quality cut by mowing the lawn twice , with the second cut being 90 degrees to the first.I had a couple other quality issues . After 3 months of using this mower , a tab on one of the aluminum castings that is used to retain the handle broke off . I notified Sunlawn -LRB- more on this later -RRB- and in the mean time applied some vise grips to what was left of the tab to retain the handle so that I could continue mowing . A couple of weeks after this , the handle also broke -LRB- This was not related in any way to my vise grip fix -RRB- . I also notified Sunlawn about this.I tried contacting Sunlawn by phone , but they are impossible to reach this way . I wrote them an email when the tab broke , and they promised to send me some new casting that were made of a stronger material . After 2 weeks , I still had not received anything . At this time , I followed up with another email and said that the handle was now also broken . About 1 week after that , I finally got a reply and was told that I would be receiving a new mower , and that I could send the old one back to the factory -LRB- shipping paid by Sunlawn -RRB- . I received the new mower a few days after this , but it still had the same style casting and handle . I 've only used it a few times before the end of the season , but I 'm interested to see if I 'll have the same problems next year , since the manufacturing issues have n't been corrected . Once the mower is out of it 's 2 year warranty , I 'll probably have to fix the issues myself as they arise.All in all , the mower gives a decent cut , but I think that Sunlawn needs to improve the quality of the product and their customer service .
 I grew up in England , and all our lawnmowers were push reel mowers . So when I moved to a house with only a small front lawn , it seemed time to trade in our polluting gas rotary mower for a manual reel one - environmentally friendly and providing a bit of exercise ! I checked out the Sunlawn MM-1 in our local hardware store , but the price was better direct from Sunlawn and so I bought it from them . However , the results have been very unsatisfactory . The mower cuts very irregularly , and to get even moderately satisfactory results I need to cut every 2 or 3 days , and overlap the passes by about 50 per cent . I think the basic trouble is that it is far too light
 The idea of this tool is a good one . However , the quality of the steel used in this tool and its design are poor . Demand better from manufacturers . This is a ` china tool ' which has soft pot metal for its structure and little thought to its design . Save your money . It will work in sift soils and where no roots exist . But , Demand better tools from Amazon . It is 2008 not 1954 .
 I live in a cayon that 's 90 % clay . The first time I used it I almost broke my wrists . Now , it just slides around along the surface of the dirt , making little worm holes . Maybe if I weighed over 130 and had looser soil , it would work . Then I could do it alone without crying .
 The digger 's length is a big help for tired backs and even without flat edges it held pretty tight in my drill - 1/2 inch Milwaukee . The problem is how easily it bends . I know the length is a factor , but my soil is probably as soft as it gets outside of a pot or flower box . First time it hits anything , root , rock or whatever , it 'll bend . After that it 's pretty much useless . Instead of a 2 inch hole you get anything but and the loose dirt is always knocked back into the hole . In sum , you get what you pay for and this is OK as a disposable .
 This item has limited use - could be better with a tapered drill down to the tip -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . It does n't have enough value to return .
 the product would possibly work better if I had a more powerful drill . The one thing lacking in the product is the drill end , it is smooth and round and really slips alot . It is very hard to keep drilling as it slips . A better drill may not work any better due to the round end . The product appears to be fairly strong metal . The actual drilling is slow and your soil or dirt has to be fairly soft and loose . I tried to drill into my tree so I couldget water to the roots or at least closer . No success so trying to drill and water , drill and water ... that may work . -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B000P71GLU Yard Butler RD-2 30-Inch Roto Digger -RSB-
 I just want to say that this product is not finished when it is sold.No one related to the production of this product has thought about grinding thetop of the drill/auger ; this small process not being done may save you money but it makes the drill useless to us who expect it to turn when being used , and not spinning in the drill chuck .
 I just received it . I have n't used it yet . But I can tell the thin metal thread wo n't go trough the clay terrain here in Houston , it may the first couple of holes . It looks was designed to dig soft soils . I am not sure if ship it back now , or give a chance and use it .
 I bought this while living in central New York and its accompanying blizzards . The brush was decent enough for sweeping snow off of my -LRB- compact -RRB- car , but the scraper end was mediocre at removing ice and eventually lost a corner , rendering it useless.You 'd be much better off just buying a separate large brush and something like theHopkins 13014 Ice Chisel 10 '' Scraperinstead .
 I usually do n't write reviews ... but I was shocked at how cheap and flimsy this thing is . Maybe I am just used to beefier snow brushes being from Ohio . So not very super deluxe in my opinion
 did not like it , the brush is too far back on the handle and the scraper is to narrow
 I have owned this snow-brush for several years . My main usage is the ice scraper part of it . For light over-night frost buildup , this tool is sufficient . But this is definitely the wrong tool for light and thin ice -LRB- not even heavy ice -RRB- buildup on the windshield . First , the front edge of the ice scraper has hard time to grap onto the light thin ice . Secondly , the plastic ice scraper can not sustain heavy scarping work . My ice scraper got broken while trying to remove some light thin ice.For think ice on the windshield , do n't even think about using this tool.You pay with what you get . Now I am looking for more heavy duty ice scraper .
 I was very dissapointed when I finally used this brush for our first snow this week . The brush sits too far back to clean the part of your side windows next to the side view mirrors without the scrapper getting in the way and constantly banging your side mirror . The bursh is too small to be effective for anything more than a dusting . The scraper is angled so that only about 1/2 of it actually hits the windows at any given time . For me , it was waste of time and money . I would not recommend this product .
 when using the brush , the shovel constantly scratch other parts of the car.bad design .
 Flimsy construction and weak materials . Ice scraping teeth are almost separate from each other and break off easily if you try to scrape real frost/ice . Mine broke off within a week , my girlfriends within similar time frame - she eventually returned her 's to a store . Recently during snow storm while driving rental , I borrowed one - handle broke off when I shook snow off it.I guess for two bucks it 's OK as a cart filler , but if you need something that will hold in snowy area for at least couple of seasons , buy something sturdier and/or buy locally , so at least you can return it and stick it to manufacturer .
 another way to repell the gopher is to kill it with the poison from your local store .
 The only treatment that works is to kill what the moles eat.Put down something to kill insect larvae , grub-ex or somthing like that.That works .
 I 've had a serious Mole problem destroying my Yard and other Landscaping for approximately 5 years . I have tried everything with limited success . Poison , traps , flooding their subterrainian subway system etc. . As a last resort I tried two molechasers in a 5000 Square foot lot . -LRB- a desperate measure I admit -RRB- . According to instructions 1 Molechaser is enough to cover a lot this size , 5000 sq feet . Do n't waste your time and money on these things they are a huge gimmick . I have multiple mole piles 3 inches from the molechaser , tunnels all around both of them . If anything it appears to have aggrivated the Moles , and it most certainly did not scare them off ! USE TRAPS , or accept living with the little diggers , but do n't buy this rediculous product ... . it 's a scam ! Your better off hiring a Mole Psychic ! The only place for these falsely advertised Battery powered Probes is up the manufacturers subterrainian shaft !
 I have both moles and gophers on my farm , and mounds of earth continued to spring up in the yard , even right next to these units . This was even after the two weeks that the instructions say to allow for results . I am having much better results with traps - Cinch Mole Trap , Cinch Gopher Trap , and the Nash Mole Trap . I believe trapping is the only way to get rid of these pests . I had previously tried castor oil sprays , smoke bombs , pesticides to kill the grubs , and poisons . All these methods were supposed to work , but all failed . Since I started trapping , I 've all but eliminated the formation of mounds , although new populations will move into the vacant tunnel systems , or so I am told .
 My gopher loves the sound . It seems its activity has increased ever since I placed this product . Find new holes in the very close vicinity of this product every morning . I am considering to use traps .
 I planted two of these `` mole chasers '' , both directly in the path that the varmit has been using between my front yard and my back . I have to collapse the tunnel between the two molechasers almost every day and his underground network is starting to approach the size of the New York subway system . I fear I may need to take more drastic measures ! Good Bye Mole !
 Gophers have been ravaging my lawn . I bought the sonic molechaser as a last resort item since poison , traps , flooding , road flares , gopher gassers etc. have done nothing to eliminate the rodents . Two days after inserting the stake into the affected area , the gophers were back enjoying their daily diet of fescue . Perhaps my soil is affecting the unit 's effectiveness as I do n't have clay in my region - it 's all aggregate . Next technique - explosives .
 After having been in place for a couple of months , the moles were literally burrowing within 2 feet of the device.I had to double check to see if it was still producing the noise ; it was.Totally ineffective device -LRB- at least in the sandy soil of Florida -RRB- .
 I purchased this product hoping to get rid of a mole/gopher living in my lawn . I planted it as instructed . The very next day there was a new mound of dirt right next to the product . I have since pulled it out of the ground and replanted it only to find two additional mounds the next day . I think the mole/gopher is using the sound to help lull it to sleep . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste your money .
 I had been using the eletronic verion but this was advertidsed with more range so i bought two . i wish i had a picture the mole dug right up to it and around it !
 I had bought a similar product before and was pleased with it but this one absolutely does not work . We still have moles .
 IT IS A HOLLOW TUBE , SO NOT STRONG ENOUGH TO BE POUNDED INTO GROUND . OUR GROUND IS VERY HARD .
 It worked for about a week now there back killing my garden would not recommend
 I bought two of these units for large infestation of moles . Initially , they were very effective . You could see the tunnels streaming away from the units . However , within two weeks the moles adapted to the noise , and they were back full force . Changing the batteries to get the units back up to full tone was of no help.To date , the only non-lethal way to deal with moles that I have found seems to be castor oil spray , which is expensive , but seems to last 6 -10 weeks depending on rain levels . Wiping out food souces -LRB- grubs -RRB- also works , but I have n't found an effective non-toxic way to do this yet .
 These things do n't work . We 've had two of them in our yard for 4 months now . In that time , we 've killed 6 moles with a trap . Some of the burrows were within 5 feet of the molechasers . They have absolutely no effect on the moles .
 We have alot of these in nylon as we use them every year for about six weeks during boy 's day celebaration . Nylon flys higher and dries faster . They last for several years as we take them down and put them away until the next year . They do fade after time , especially in the extreme sun , but we have learned to put them in a shadier area with lots of wind to help keep them bright for as long as possible . We end up replacing some every year , but doing it like this it is on a rotation so we never have to replace more than a few every year .
 This is not the windsock to leave outside for more than a few weeks.Its profile and flight in the wind is not like a larger windsock - more like a piece of cloth .
 Nyon windsocks from the House of Rice are cheaply made of the thinnest nyon . Poorly sewn and definitely not worth the price plus shipping . Forget it!Fish Windsocks , set of 5 Koinobori #G 633
 BUY COTTON FROM HOUSE OF RICE BECAUSE THE NYLON COLORS FADE TOO FAST.I HAVE 4 39 INCH COTTON WINDSOCKS ON MY 20 FOOT FLAGPOLE I HAVE HAD SINCE BEFORE CHILDRENS DAY , AND THE ONLY THING WRONG IS THE PLASTIC RING & MATERIAL AROUND THE RING ARE WEARING OUT . I ALSO HAVE A SECOND SMALLER POLE WITH THE 12 INCH KOI WINDSOCKS I FLY FOR MY NEIGHBORS CHILDREN . I WOULD RECOMEND THE COTTON WINDSOCKS TO EVERYONE AS I LIVE 8 BLOCKS FROM MONTEREY BAY CA . I THINK CHILDRENS DAY WINDSOCKS SHOULD BE FLOWN EVERYDAY WITH THE EXCEPTION OF CHRISTMAS , WICH IS ANOTHER CHILDS DAY . E L SMITH
 I was n't happy because when it bloomed , it was a more common variety than a Purple Incense Passion Flower that I ordered . Took several months to bloom and that is when I realized that it was n't the real deal .
 I bought this grill from William Sonoma thinking if they sell this grill , it must be a tested high quality grill . I was wrong ! It is attractive and has a small footprint however , It is performance that counts . The firebox is too small and and there is only 3 flavor bars so the flair ups are extensive . The electric start never worked and the food cooked very unevenly . The rear of the grill was well done and the front was medium . I was attracted by the accessories but it is the cooking quality that counts . I promptly returned to the store and bought a Weber . Learn from my mistakes and get the best !
 Poor design ... almost dangerousThe Gas tank can only be turned off and on from behind the unit ... The wheels are located on only one side . . they do not swivel . . thus the unit is moved by dragging itThese items work together to make this a very poor design ... how could anyone think this is a good design?To turn on the gas you have to crawl behind the unit or drag it out from the position you placed it in . . here I make an assumption that you -LRB- like most people -RRB- have the unit backed up against a wall or something . . Remember those wheels that are only on one side and do not swivel ... that means you have to drag the unit . Hard enough to do to turn it on . . even harder when the unit is hot ... that is dangerous.I am sorry . . I so much wanted to like this unit ... small and nice to look at ... . but the design is so flawed as to make me think the company never even tested this unit in the fieldSome one please disagree with my comments ... what am I missing
 This is a copy of my review for the exact same GREEN model of this grill . For some reason they are not listed as one item with color choices so I have posted the review for the other colors , having actually purchased the Green model . ***** See Update Below ****** Having now had this grill for over a year , I would describe it as a decent quality grill for a fair price . I use this grill frequently , probably twice a week or more , even in winter . If you are an occasional user , you may find this a more ideal product.The Good Points-1 -RRB- It looks great and is perfect if you do n't want and over testosteroned massive stainless grill on your property .2 -RRB- The quality and functionality is decent .3 -RRB- If you get a hold of a real person at Minden , they are very nice and will go out of their way to help you .4 -RRB- Heats up very quickly.The Bad Points-1 -RRB- You MUST purchase separately the stainless steel grate . The included enameled grate will wear out in less than one season .2 -RRB- The wood handle will also become moldy in less than a season . I extended it 's life by using some spray varnish on it , but I would still prefer the stainless steel one -LRB- which I 've seen at Williams-Sonoma on a version of this grill that only they sell -RRB- .3 -RRB- The spatter plates become quickly rusty . Minden was nice enough to send me -LRB- essentially for free -RRB- 3 stainless steel ones .4 -RRB- Some of the bolts which hold the unit together become rusty over time , they should be made of stainless steel , but they are n't .5 -RRB- The grill does not evenly heat , and has hot and cold spots , which over time if you understand where they are you can compensate for them.They really have the makings of a great grill with some small modifications , I would encourage them to change some parts to stainless steel -LRB- described above -RRB- and attempt to resolve the unevenness of the heating surface . ****** UPDATE April 8 , 2012 ******** After having this grill for about two years , I sadly have to conclude that it 's not something I would buy again.The rust has continued to the point where critical functioning parts are failing . The bracket for the trough which supplies gas from burner to burner has failed , causing the trough to fall off . I 've managed to stick it back using some rocks so I can still use the grill.The hot and cold spot issue seems to have gotten worse , and it 's also now hard for me to get the grill started without pressing the start button 10 or 15 times.Additionally , the threaded plastic gas tank hookup broke in half , and I had to replace it with a new one.After doing some math , I 've concluded that the cost of ownership of this grill is simply too high.At 479 , lasting two years , means 249/year -LRB- this does not include the MANDATORY cost of buying the Stainless Steel Grate -RRB- *** Conclusion
 The Taiwan built grill arrived on time -LRB- as everything from Amazon does -RRB- . Assembly was streight forward and pretty quick as advertised on the Minden website . The grill burners initialy lit but went to very low flame within minutes . From there it would no longer light . I found the inlet hose was bent where it goes to the burners therefore not allowing propane gas to get to the burners . The design of this grill is very poor . In order to streighten the gas line out , I had to alter the cabinet . Sent three emails to customer service -- none answered.Unless you want to re-design this grill on your own -- stay away .
 I have a large George Foreman grill . When I received this stand my grill was still too small to fit into this stand . I was not aware of a much larger grill that was available so I went searching . I AM UNABLE TO LOCATE THE SIZE OF GRILL THAT FITS IN THIS STAND - AVAILABLE FOR SALE - ANYWHERE ... If the grill is not available any longer why are you selling the stand ????? I have NEVER PURCHASED ANYTHING FROM ANYONE ON AMAZON.COM that wound up being USELESS ... Jed ClawsonUTAH
 The product was , as advertised , easy to install and has worked continuously for more than two months since I installed it . So far , it does not appear to have affected the mole population , however . To be fair , it is possible that my sandy soil is not the ideal medium for this device -LRB- instructions indicate that it works best in heavy claylike soil , although the critters have dug quite close to it -RRB- . To be really bend-over-backwards fair , I suppose it is possible that my problem is not moles , although the telltale signs are exactly what I understand mole tunnels to look like .
 When I initially placed the Mole Chaser in my front yard , within an hour a discoved a mole outside the ground in my yard . We rid ourselves of one mole . After that time , we continue to find mounds in our yard , frequently within a foot of the Vibrasonic Mole Chaser . Unfortunately , we were only able to rid ourselves of one mole . There are many still feasting in our yard . I am disappointed . We purchased two of the Mole Chasers , but we are disappointed .
 You have heard the old expression that if it sounds too good to be true it probably is ? This product is proof of that . I really wanted to avoid poison and traps so I thought I would try this P.O.S. to solve my gopher problem humanely . Sure I was skeptical , but some buyers reported success . After 4 weeks , I can report that my gophers are utterly and completely indifferent to this product . I noticed some buyers experienced a surge in activity , but I have seen nothing . Nada . Zip . Numerous fat happy gophers before , numerous fat happy gophers after.Caveat Emptor
 I purchased two of these , inserted new batteries , and placed them into the ground -- with no obstructions within 100 feet or so -- as instructed . Every couple of days , I have verified that they are still emitting the sound . Our soil is moist clay . Before , we had moderate mole activity -LRB- four or five fresh mounds per week -RRB- . Throughout the four weeks after installation , we have continued to have moderate mole activity -LRB- four or five fresh mounds per week -RRB- . The mounds were within a few feet of where I installed the products ; the mounds are still occuring within a few feet -LRB- less than 10 -RRB- of where I installed the products . My conclusion after four weeks is that I wasted -LSB- money -RSB- . I have seen absolutely zero effect on mole activity -- they do n't seem to give a rip about these being close by . I would have rated the product with zero stars but the system would not accept that so I entered one star .
 I bought two of these and figured I 'd test them for awhile before I made a judgement . The gophers and moles have laughed over Winter , Spring and the beginning of summer in Santa Barbara , California . These devices sounded like a good idea , the advert made sense , but they were a complete waste ... : -LRB-
 I had two of these and the moles dug up all around them . It does not work and may even attract them .
 Pretty sure this thing actually summoned moles into my yard.I think the little buggers are still laughing at this .
 Kept the moles away for about a month . Now they are back . I tried to chase them away the enviromental way . Now I am going to kill them.Don ' t waste your time or money this does not appear to work !
 I purchased the mole chaser 3/28/06 Th moment I recived itI put it in the ground next to a mound of dirt . I dug out he hole to see if the mole would come back . He came back and covered up the open hole about 2 inches away from the mole chaser . Just to make sure I doug the hole out again , and the next day the mole not only filled the hole he covered the mole chaser.I still have the mole I have tried every thing and it will not go away . If any one can help me get rid of the mole I would thank youI am not a kid but could not fine a review for adultsLeoMilliken , Co
 Basically put , this product does n't work . I do n't know how to put it any simpler than that . The product reviews I read say you have to give it a few weeks to work ... I 've given it several months . At first , the moles just seemingly attacked the device , not knowing what it was . Then , they just ignored it and did their thing anyway and never left . If anything , my yard seems to have more moles in it than ever.Don ' t waste your money on this product . It does n't work at all .
 It 's true . This does n't do anything to deter gophers . I 'm convinced they like it . Maybe it 's a free massage . The best deterrent I 've found so far is a playful and friendly dog . What 's playful and friendly for the dog -LRB- honestly playful and friendly , he does no harm to the gopher -RRB- is quite the opposite from the gopher 's perspective .
 Mole tunnels run right past the vibrator , and yes I hear them both working.I would expect to see no tunnels in the area .
 I am an engineer and I have evaluated this battery powered product . I bought 2 Vibrasonic Mole Chasers -LRB- VMC -RRB- several months ago . The manufacturer claimed 1 VMC would effectively cover a 13,500 sq.ft. , aprox . 116 ' x 116 ' . I used 2 within 5,000 sq.ft . -LRB- 70 ' x 70 ' -RRB- for 3 months and found them to be INEFFECTIVE and Very EXPENSIVE to power them with fresh batteries . The VMC uses 4 `` D '' cell batteries costing $ 8-10 dollars . The noise level that the VMC produces quickly fades after 30 days use @ 24 hrs/7days weekly . My cost for Batteries for 2 VMC 's was $ 16-20 depending where purchased . I find it hard to believe the mfgr 's claim that 1 VMC would cover a 13,500 sq.ft . area when I found 2 VMC 's to be INEFFECTIVE within a 5,000 sq.ft . area . The 2 VMC 's that I installed DID NOT CHASE ANY MOLES AWAY !!! Moles eat grubs and worms and have a voracious appetite and experts say they will consume twice their body weight in one day . Moles have a very keen sense of hearing ; they can hear the movement of worms and their hearing helps them to detect their food source . Gophers , eat plant roots and do not rely on hearing to detect their food . Unnatural noise confounds the moles from detecting their food source while noise irritates the gopher . These units are very expensive to operate . If 10 VMC 's were installed in a garden , as one user suggested placing 1 VMC every 10 feet , the cost of batteries would be $ 160-200 dollars every 45 days at best . If these units were designed to run on 110 volts house current with a 6 volt transformer they would be more efficient and alot cheaper to operate . -LRB- 1 `` D '' cell battery is 1.5 volts x 4 cells = 6.0 volts -RRB- . The idea is to generate LOTS of NOISE ALL of the time . The NOISE LEVEL on the VMC DROPS off after 30 Days ! I have tried all sorts of devices ; gas bombs , mole traps , poison worms , castor oil , etc. all of which have had only temporary results . The only device I have found to be 100 % effective is a rubber adaptor that clamps to an automobile exhaust pipe that allows one to hook up a common garden hose to direct Carbon Monoxide into the mole tunnels . It takes approx 8-10 minutes per tunnel , it is very effective , it Kills . This treatment has to be repeated annually as migrant moles will reoccupy the old tunnels and continue to multiply . This rubber adaptor kit can be purchased at most Hardware stores for $ 12-15 , which is alot CHEAPER than continually buying batteries for the Vibasonic Mole Chaser . Moles reproduce 2 offspring each season and in 4-5 years can seriously cause foundation damage to your home that could result in thousands of dollars of repairs . I recommend buying the Auto Exhaust Kit for $ 12-15 , Unless you want to spend hundeds of dollars on batteries . I find it hard to believe that ANYONE who has purchased this product can in GOOD CONSCIENCE say that they have had GOOD results with their Vibrosonic Mole Chaser and that it was a GOOD investment . I wasted $ 45 for 2 VMC 's .
 This product seemed like a very good idea . Annoy the moles and/or gophers and chase them away . I read the reviews on here with people saying `` no , you did n't wait long enough , etc '' and so I figured I would give it a shot . A company would n't produce a product that is entirely worthless right ? Wrong ... I have two of these - the one with the motor inside -LRB- the vibrasonic -RRB- and also the solid state one -LRB- the original one I believe -RRB- . The vibrasonic one is much louder than the electronic -LRB- solid state -RRB- model . The electronic one you can hardly hear , but the vibrasonic is so loud that it makes you and your family consider moving out ! : - -RRB- As far as the moles and/or gophers , it does n't phase them in the least . I had a mole in my yard for weeks and this did nothing . The mole happily went on about his business - digging up my yard , etc. . In fact , I put two of these in my yard -LRB- the original version and the vibrasonic version -RRB- , only about 20 feet apart . Keep in mind , my side yard -LRB- where the mole was -RRB- is only about 40 feet by 20 feet total , so we are n't talking about a large area . Still , it did n't have any impact on the mole whatsoever . He dug holes right near both of them and contrary to the info from the company , it has nothing to do with them being territorial , etc. . They just do n't pay any attention to it.I finally gave up on these silly things and bought a traditional mole trap that runs spikes into the side of the mole . In one case , I just waited around until the mole went past in a tunnel near the surface and whacked him in the head with a trowel I had sitting nearby . That made short work of him.When you factor up the cost of these units , plus the cost of expensive D batteries that they go through , you can buy yourself quite a few gopher/mole traps . The metal kind that spring shut work great ; I called my dad and he said he has been using them for over 40 years and they never fail . That 's good enough for me . Save your money on this product - it just does not work . The only solution is to kill the mole and throw his body into the trash . That works 100 % of the time .
 I have used the product before with modest success . However , I now have two in my front yard , and they now seem to attract moles and gophers rather than repel them - I have a new burrow this morning right NEXT to the still beeping molechaser ! Will call an exterminator this weekend .
 I bought one of these , put it in the ground and it has had no effect on the gophers . Holes are popping up all around it .
 I have mounds as large as never before and just few feet from those devices . It looks like moles got excited with the `` music '' produced by molchaser and became more productive.Total waste of money . I have bought 2 from site that gives 60 day trial , will return them asap . Will see how that goes . Shipping costs lost anyways .
 I placed 2 mole chasers about 4 weeks ago in my back yard . I have sandy soil so I placed them about 30 ' apart -LRB- shorter interval with sandy soil/farther for clay soil -RRB- . So far , no success . The moles are still tunneling the same as previous . I know the mole tunnels are active because every time I smash the tunnel down , within an hour , it is back up . These tunnels are within close proximity of the mole chaser . I took the cap off to determine if they were still working and they are . I have n't given up on the mole chasers yet , but I 'm getting nervous . My friend used a mole chaser in the past with success , so I 'm remaining `` cautiously optimistic '' .
 Well I hoped this would be the solution to end all my mole problems ... or at least provide some better results than a do nothing strategy . Initially I saw a lull of activity after strategically placing the P3 International P7906 Vibrasonic Molechaser in the worst part of my yard . I even bragged to my neighbor that i had found the perfect solution . Well about 7 days later i started noticing that my `` friend '' was back with a vengeance . He had the gull to dig up piles of dirt two feet away from my `` molechaser '' and more . Finally after about the 10th mole mound I concluded that this mole has seen too many episodes of Caddy Shack and the escapades of his cousin the gopher . I sent an email back to the vendor and quickly got back my RMA . I guess i need to try a different approach ... anyone have a hammer ...
 I bought two of these . I 've had them out for months , and have new tunnels all around them . They simply do NOT work .
 Mit den allergr&ouml; & szlig ; ten Vorbehalten erwarb ich nach jahrelangem &Auml;rger &uuml;ber die Maulw&uuml;rfe den Vibrasonic Molechaser . Unsere Nachbarn besitzen ein &auml;hnliches , wenngleich weitaus preisg&uuml;nstigeres Ger&auml;t ohne Zufallssteuerung ; sie verzeichneten einen deutlichen R&uuml;ckgang von Beeintr&auml;chtigungen durch Maulw&uuml;rfe.Der Name `` Vibrasonic Molechaser '' ist allerdings klasse.Mein erster Eindruck war , dass das Innenleben aus einer Konstruktion besteht , deren Materialwert wenige Cent betragen d&uuml;rfte . Nach dem Einlegen der Batterien schreckte ich wegen der gro & szlig ; en Lautst&auml;rke , die die Motorrassel verursacht , zusammen . W&uuml;rde es mit der idyllischen Ruhe in unserem Garten f&uuml;r immer vorbei sein ? Warum ist im Katalog nicht davon die Rede , wie die seismischen Schwingungen erzeugt werden und dass das Ger&auml;t auch f&uuml;r Menschen zu h&ouml;ren ist ? Und
 There 's one born every minute . If that 's you then send your money for this molechaser , it 's your destiny . Everyone else should just slowly move away from the computer so as not to activate a one click purchase on this rube-magnet . Best of luck with the critters . Try chili pepper , at least it 's cheaper .
 I have 2 acres with heavily forested edges that I gladly share with a wide variety of wildlife . I have a huge mole problem in the grassy area in the middle . I bought two of these units and placed them in the areas of worst infestation . Imagine my thrill the next morning when I saw 3 mole trails heading for the edges in a straight line -LRB- instead of the normal meandering route they usually use -RRB- . But in a week , they were not only back , but practically circling the units . I tried to follow all the tips another review gave , but if anything , things are worse than they were before . I guess I 'll try putting these out again in the spring . but not sure why.Also , I can hear the sound these units make , and I do n't like it at all . But I 'm real fussy about sounds . I thought it would be like my indoor sonic pest chasers , which are inaudible . These seem to work well , since I have had no indoor pests since I installed them -LRB- years -RRB- . Before , well we wo n't talk about that .
 I have two of these in my backyard - and the moles are tunneling all over the place . My whole lot is 1/3 acre , so coverage is not an issue - they are tunneling within 20 feet of both of them.I have them placed in heavy soil - and they have not kept moles away at all . I have resorted to traps to get rid of the moles.Save your money . Huge disappointment .
 Warning to all potential buyers ! This product is a total farce . I bought four of these and placed them way closer than the required maximum distance . And yes I put brand new Duracells in these things . The moles actually burrowed right next to thems . Save your money and buy the old fashioned traps that actually kill the moles . These things do n't work .
 Do n't waste your money . I bought two of these . A few weeks later several moles tunneled within 10 feet of the one in the same places as last year . I put one in my gardern - a few weeks later a mole tunneled right alongside the molechaser as if to see what it was to his delight ! Total waste of money like everthing else I 've tried except Nash loop traps .
 Sorry , but I tried this thing and it was a waste of money . I 'm not kidding when the mole made a circle all the way around the thing to check it out . He then went along with his regular business of tearing up my yard.The search for something that works continues .
 The P3 International Vibrasonic Molechaser is perhaps the worst piece of equipment I have ever purchased ! After placing 2 molechasers in our yard for about 7 weeks , we actually have more moles now than we did before . Not only are they eating our flower bulbs , but now have attacked the garden plants . Consequently we moved the `` moleattractors '' closer to the flower bed and garden area . The moles moved also - the greatest concentration of moles in the yard is now within 5 feet of the `` moleattractors '' . In the end we decided that the Vibrasonic Molechaser makes an excellent -LRB- but expensive -RRB- launching system for bottle rockets ! So , save your money and look to another method of controlling your rodent population .
 I did n't purchase this product through Amazon but I will tell you this ... SAVE YOUR MONEY ! THEY DO NOT WORK ! ! ! I have used this product and the other one made of Plastic and neither one successfully gets rid of gophers . All they really do is cause the damned rodents to move around more than they normally do . I set up a '' Wall of these units along one side of my property to keep them in the white-trash neighbor 's yard . They seem to be more interested in breeding them instead of disposing of them . I had twelve of these '' Sonic Chasers '' lined up to form a wall of noise and they still came through into my property . I have been trying to get these Sonic Chasers to work for eight plus years so I count myself as being more than Knowledgeable and well versed in their usage.The only inexpensive way to get rid of gophers is to poison and or trap them until there are no more.I have been fighting them for eight years using the Sonic Chasers . Save your money and do something else with it , like buy poison and traps because all you will end up doing is buying lots and lots of batteries.The first problem with these Sonic Chasers is they are not loud enough and the second problem is they are not loud enough ... get my drift ? The other problem is the noise has to long a silence period in-between the pathetic noise they make . Actually it 's more like a weak-ass buzzer.I 'm going to save up for the '' BIG GUNS '' and destroy them once and for all . As for me , anyone want some free Sonic Chasers ? ? ? ... Batteries not included ! Just repeat after me ... Poison and Traps , Poison and Traps The only way to kill them is Poison and Traps ! and of course The BIG GUNS !
 Plain and simple , these do n't work . I started off with a couple , no success . I thought maybe I needed more to minimize the coverage radius ... , nope . I can just see those little varmits gathering around these things in the ground , eating worms and just laughing when these make their goofy little sonic rattling noice .
 We 've used the basic sonic mole chasers in our yard for years and been very happy with the results . When we saw this model we assumed it was an upgraded version , so we ordered a couple . This model is nothing like the basic , and even seems a bit cheesy in construction by comparison -LRB- one was even broken upon arrival -RRB- . Unfortunately we did n't open the box immediately so did n't realize about the broken pieces -LRB- a little spinner wheel at the top of the tube -RRB- , or about this being a different product . It 's too late for a return so we 're now out the $ 50 that we paid -LRB- with shipping -RRB- for the two.Don ' t make our mistake . If you want a mole chaser that will actually do the job , buy the basic sonic -LRB- P7900 -RRB- . Just make sure you have enough of them to cover the square footage you 're expecting to chase moles away from , and expect to have excess digging for a few days as the moles try to escape the noise -LRB- the instructions state that this will happen -RRB- . Also , keep the batteries fresh . We get a full summer out of the batteries we use .
 2 days after putting out my 2 Mole Chaser a Gopher appeared 2 feet from the functioning mole chaser . Chalk up another mistake in buying this product .
 We had just paid $ 2500 to put a new lawn in when I noticed a couple mole hills pop up . Being an animal lover I wanted to avoid resorting to poisons and traps so I purchased the P7906 Vibrasonic Molechaser . What I had believed to be device that repelled pests in a manner similar to the ultrasonic units used to keep insects out of your house actually turned out to be nothing more than a battery powered rattle that requires 4 D cells.Our yard is about 1/3 of an acre and the soil is of the clay type that is supposedly ideal for this product . I planted the stake near the concentration of mole hills , stomped them down and waited a few days to see if the returned . They did n't seem to so I moved the stake to the center of the yard to benefit from maximum coverage . 2 days later the hills were back in full force . I moved the stake back to the mole camp again . They moved about 5 feet away from their original spot.Finally I stuck the stake directly into the center of mole trails . This morning my yard looks like I had been invaded by grave robbers . The moles have set up shop about 3 feet from the stake and have apparently invited all their friends to join them for a good laugh at this worthless piece of junk.If you are looking to maximize the damage to your yard then buy this stake , move it around a few times and enjoy the devastation . If you want to get rid of moles , your money is better spent on traps or poisons that , while less humane , are more likely to keep your yard free of infestation and you more likely to stay sane .
 I read the mixed reviews on this site before purchasing , so it 's my own fault for still going ahead and purchasing ! I was hopeful the product would work for me.I 've tried 3 of these in different locations in my yard , all with the same result
 If you have a gopher , do n't waste your money on this product . It does n't work . Our gopher almost loves the sound . It keeps staying in the very close vicinity and keeps creating new holes . FYI , my soil is clay .
 Ordered 4 new units and out of the box they do not work not unless you hold the unit in your hand . When placed in canister they stop . Had great luck with the product in the past . The manufacture must be outsourcing to cut corners . Moles are digging around the units placed in yard . Looking for another brand that works .
 Bought two . Ran them all spring at opposite ends of the lawn . ABSOLUTELY no help . Not worth any money at all .
 We have a gopher in our small lawn and flower beds . I read the previous reviews and was dubious , but bought two of these noise makers , to make sure they covered the area . I followed the instructions and the advice people gave in their reviews to bury each of them down to the line and then packed the dirt down around them . Even after a month of use , they have n't chased the gopher anywhere . It continues to create new dirt piles.Because of the continuing problem , I have since read more about gopher control and the `` experts '' do n't recommend these , but do recommend traps instead .
 I bought this and it seemed to work fine for about 2 months in a small front yard . Then the moles came and actually TUNNELED RIGHT PAST IT!This is a waste of money .
 I have been using the Mole Chaser for at least three weeks . Results are supposed to be seen within seven to 14 days . Our lawn is small , 30 ft. X 40 ft. and is in clay soil , the best type of soil for use of this item . The `` noise '' the Mole Chaser makes is very low and there has been no change in the damage the moles are doing to the lawn , in fact , it may be worse . In defense of the Mole Chaser , it is very well made and high quality , it just does n't seem to work .
 Do n't waste your money . We purchased two ; they have been in the ground for three weeks and the moles are still very active and within 6 feet of the molechaser .
 I recently wasted $ 100 on four P3 Vibrasonic Mole Chasers . Where prior to installing these unbelievably disappointing devices , I had a few mole hills . As soon as I install the so-called mole chasers , and I mean within 24 hours , the mole hills increased 5-10 fold especially within 25 feet of the device . It seems that in my unique soil , these chasers are far better attracters .
 The Vibrasonic Mole Chaser is a joke . We bought four of them . We had new mounds with in inches of one of them a month after we installed them .
 ... by these silly devices and by our foolhardy belief in the hype that convinced us to buy them . We used them scrupulously , exactly as instructed , for two months . And the moles ? There were new tunnels within a few inches of one of the Mole Chasers , just days after insertion . By the time we gave up , there were at least as many active tunnels as before . For our moles , at least , these devices were completely useless . Buy a kill trap and learn how to use it if you want to get rid of moles -LRB- e.g. Victor plunger style mole trap , available on Amazon -RRB- . WOODSTREAM CORP # 0645 Plunger Mole Trap
 I purchased 5 of these sonic mole deterrents to get rid of moles in the yard of new house we bought in the country . After a full spring to fall season , I can honestly say that these absolutely do not work . The moles burrow all around the spikes , without any sign of being aggravated or bothered by the sonic bursts . It may work fine in a laboratory setting , but do not work in the yard .
 The ground squirrels are borring next to this unit . The vibration and sound does not bother them . I have put this unit in their holes and that has not worked .
 Although they say that one unit covers 9000 sq.ft. , I put 3 units in my backyard , that is only 25 ' x 75 ' -LRB- only 1875 sq. ft -RRB- . Even so , with 3 units , one month after I put the units in my backyard the moles are still really having fun on it.I tried to have support by e-mail but they never answered me.Then I tried to send a fax but the fax number was out of service.Then I called them . But allmost always a record machine answered my call . Then I left a message . But they never called me back.Finally once , a guy answered the phone but he told me it was n't the support department but he did n't give me a support phone number.I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT AT ALL !
 Do n't know if this would be effective , we can not get it in our hard ground -- it is only plastic and fragile .
 I am uncertain if this really does what it is INTENDED to do , even though the device itself works well . Yes , it removes moles from its * immediate * vicinity , but they will just go hide underground behind the nearest obstruction that extends underground -LRB- i.e.
 I ordered two . One was DOA . Other is in the ground and seems to be doing an adequate job , but it could be that they are flushing the gophers out for my cat , who nailed 3 in one night . `` good boy ! '' I 'd like to give this more time and will do follow up in a month .
 I purchasd 6 mole chasers and tested 2 mole chasers for two weeks . The results were not great and I still have the moles/gophers coming two feet away from the chaser . I 'm going to try the Exhart Mole mover since they have a good reviews .
 DO NOT BUY ANY OF THIS KIND OF `` MOLE REPELLER '' . TONE/VIBRATE KIND OF STAKES DO N'T WORK . AS , I READ OTHER `` CRITICAL '' REVIEWS , AS STATED '' YOU WOULD HAVE TO HIT A MOLE -LRB- VOLE -RRB- WITH THE STAKE TO GET RID OF THE MOLES '' .
 Yeah , I was a little disappointed with this one . I 'd purchased it along with a different model ASIN
 I have placed two of these devices about 25 feet apart in a heavily torn up area . I rolled the previous damage down to make mowing easier once again and they are back in that area again after two weeks . I put new batteries in them and buried them using a shovel and stomping in around the stakes , but I guess its dance or tunneling music to our moles . Perhaps it just takes a bit longer .
 I purchased 4 Mole Chasers for a small yard . I have followed the direction precisely . It has been 6 weeks . These DO NOT WORK AT ALL . SAVE YOUR MONEY .
 after over a month of using the molechaser , I still have dirt piles popping up all over my yard . Some of these are only 6 feet away from where I placed the device.I followed the instructions , shelled out money for 4 D-cell batteries , and still no luck . I think one of the neighborhood cats got to one of the moles -- my dog carried it to the back door like it was some sort of prize that she wanted to share with me . Alas , the dirt piles still dot the landscape of my mole infested lawn.My advice would be to save your money and buy a couple gallons of milk instead -- to entice your neighborhood cats to patrol your lawn and garden .
 The product documentation claims it takes several days for the sound emitted from the Mole Chaser to chase the buggers away ... well 21 days and counting and Mr. Mole is still dinimg on my garden . Take my advise , buy the poison and save yourself from wasting money on the Molechaser !
 I have fought moles for years . I have tried poison pellets , gassers , the old water hose , etc. and nothing works . -LRB- I have not set traps because I do n't want to dig another hole in the lawns . -RRB- I bought the Molechaser . I was taken in by another dream seller . Hills popped up less than three feet from the new device . Save your money . Even at half price , it is a rip-off !!!
 We bought this for the backyard and right now there are three mounds around it within 4 feet . Does n't work .
 Did not help get rid of mole at all.It may have even made the problem worse.I bought three of these for my small yard and the moles just dig around them ?
 Have had two of these units in the yard for over six months . Over the course of the summer mole activity has continued in the area and even within a foot of the unit . In fact this morning there were three new mounds of dirt all with in 20 inches of the unit . The batteries are fairly new and the unit is buzzing as the manufacture claims it should . Bottom line ... they do not work in the Willamette Valley of Oregon .
 Do n't waste your money on these Gopher Chasers - they DO NOT work at all and is a complete waste of money !!!! I had them in my yard for at least 6 months and the Gophers could not come in the yard fast enough .
 After 20 days my moles continue digging happily all around this so called mole chaser ; they do not seem affected or bothered at all by it , let alone being chased out.If you ask me , it was a waste of money and I should have listened to guys who left low ratings for it . I am just way too lazy to send it back and most likely will just throw it in the garbage where it belongs.I would like to see a unit working for those who left high ratings since I am puzzled by their claim . Either their moles are more sensitive , or something is wrong with their observations .
 The housing on this model is plastic . It collapsed when I hammered it into the ground . Get the aluminum version . The affected area is not as large as claimed but these do work if placed correctly . You may need 4 to 6 to clear a lawn .
 I 've purchages these in the past at home shows and thought they worked great . I did n't have to use chemicals that may affect my animals or traps that I had to clear and my dogs no longer dug up my yard to kill them . My yard was for the most part Mole free for about 4 years . They 're back with a vengance now . I had destroyed my old chasers with the lawn mower so ordered 2 new ones . The moles are even coming up withing 5 feet of the chasers . Much of what I 've read indicates the moles left for a reason other than the chasers . Since they 're territorial I 'm guessing the dogs had already killed what we had and now we nave new ones . Guess I 'll seek professional help for them going forward . Better spend your money in an area that 's tried and true .
 The moles in my yard did n't seem to take any notice of these devices at all . I used 2 in an attempt to drive moles away from my storage shed to no avail . The devices did emit their sound for over 2 months on one set of batteries ... but unfortunately had no effect on the moles .
 These were my final step `` pre '' doing the Bill Murray / Caddy shack approach to getting rid of my gophers . Put several in the front yard , several in the back , and waited for results ... they did n't come ... The gophers would literally burrow up next to them , chuckle at such a preposterous notion , and head off their merry way leaving tic tac trails through my gardens everywhere . Let 's face it , the only way to get rid of these guys is to face that it ca n't be done . Castor pellets / spray works relatively well if you do it often enough / at least once a month ... I 've had `` Clark Pest Control '' in for almost a year now and I may as well have been spending my money on `` insert derogatory word here '' -LRB- complete waste of money -RRB- ... All they do is use a tool you can buy at Home Depot for $ 25 to insert poison pellets in to the gopher burrow ... All in all ... forget buying any kind of product that uses this technology .
 I Purchased the P3 P7901 Mole Chaser and put it in the ground just like the instructions said . It does n't stay on all the time . Have to go shake the top of it 2 or 3 times a week . Chipmunks have made new holes , right next to it . I am not impressed with this item at all . Save your money .
 I bought two to cover a decent sized yard , but was very disappointed.I gave it months to work , and for a brief time I thought that these were working , but the moles kept coming and the mole holes kept popping up.Eventually the ground froze and I had to take them up as indicated in the instructions . I 'll try them again in the Spring , but so far I 'm just a little mad at the amount that I 've spent on batteries.On still evenings I did hear the chirping of the steaks , even from inside the house , but that was n't enough to give it a negative review . I do live overseas , and that might be a contributing factor ?? Perhaps these Eastern European moles are more resilient than their US Counterparts.But overall I 'm just disappointed that they did n't seem to help at all . In fact , if it did n't sound paranoid , I 'd swear that it actually attracted more moles to the yard ...
 This is the worst product I ever purchased thru Amazon . The mole actually dug mounds around this device while it was operational several times . I would never recommend it .
 not sure if it works or not yet , but very sure I hear the noise , loud and clear . I gave it a 2 stars for now , but if it does work , I think it deserves a 4stars .
 I bought 2 of these for a fairly small front yard , about 50ft by 50ft . Installed the first one 2 weeks ago . The moles built a new outlet about 12 ft from the mole chaser . I then installed the second one about 25 ft from the first one last weekend . The moles built another outlet about 2ft from their other hole and about half way between the 2 mole chasers . I am going to leave them in operation to see if they will drive the moles off . Right now , I am skeptical that the mole chasers will do any better than they have done so far .
 I purchased several for my first house and I thought they chased the moles to the neighbors yards . On my second house it had no effect and the moles even dug around it and even dug up a couple . Do n't waste your money .
 With all the mixed reviews I was skeptical to order . I 've been fighting these little ! @ # $ % ! for months now and they keep popping back up . For the price I figured this was worth a shot.It 's been 3 days and no activity . This is a highly active area where I 've even seen gophers in the morning hours . Keeping my fingers crossed . I 'll post an update soon .
 Do n't waste your time or money on any of these products . None of them work . The moles tunneled right over to this device and piled up mounds of dirt right next to it . My neighbor has two sonic mole chasers and those do n't work either . You have to kill them to get rid of them , but more will always come back . I have killed several with the spike traps , but more return . There is no way to get rid of moles forever .
 Last year I bought a new house , and it came with some furry friends in the backyard . After a few frustrating months of trying various smelly things , flooding their holes , and some of the other non-poisonous methods , I decided to give a sonic device a shot . This was the one I actually tried . In fact , I put two of them in my backyard.For the first four or five months I thought that they were doing a great job . They they seemed to stop working . They were still making that annoying sound every minute , but every few mornings I would find another mound in the yard.Suddenly it occured to me why . Over the winter , few birds visited the feeders , and very little seed was scattered . Now the seed was being scattered , and the furry scavangers were back.What finally helped in my case was to remove the turf under the feeders , put some poison pellets down , cover it up with landscaping faberic and lava rock . -LRB- I did n't want my dog or cat accidently getting at the poison . -RRB- I stompped-down a couple more mounds over the next two weeks -LRB- they did n't break through the fabric -RRB- , and then it stopped . They either moved back to whichever neighbor was providing them with better , less poisonous , easier to get to food , or they died.I ca n't believe I put up with that constant , stupid buzzing from the sonic mole chasers for as long as I did . My backyard is peaceful again.I 've heard some people swear these things worked . And for the first few months I would have believed them . The concept is correct
 This device has not helped the situation one bit . The gophers have left me dirt piles 2 feet away from it . I do n't know why they call it a mole chaser , unless that 's because it only works on moles . All I got to say is `` hold on to your money '' , this is just a noisy piece of junk .
 When having mole problems in Florida and Kentucky , one being sandy and the other clay like soil , I came across the P3 mole chaser on the word of some environmental friends . After reading and hearing more about the product , I was highly interested in the idea and product . My observations after using this device in multiple States , different conditions , etc , is it works better in sandy conditions better than clay ones . In Florida , the moles moved out of my yard , in Kentucky just about 20 feet away from the device . My big problem with the P3 is the lack of regard for my neighbors . While in Florida I did not have issues , my neighbors began to have them . Although it was not my fault , the mole is to blame , I did move my problem to their yards . This is the failure of the device even if it works . Also in Kentucky , we got a good outdoor cat who actually digs the moles up out of the ground , 5 and counting , so while more expensive , Nelly is infinately more effective in controling our mole problem .
 I installed this chaser a week ago and today i saw a gopher who made more holes 20 inches from the chaser .
 This is NOT the original grill wizard and quickly falls apart . Do a google search for grillwizard.com and get the real thing . My last post about this amazon product was censored and deleted by Amazon . I was very surprised and disappointed and wonder how often they do this and how it slants the ratings .
 When I got the Tool Wizard , I was excited about the prospect of it taking gunk off my grill better than brass-bristle brushes . However , I was dismayed when my scrubber unraveled after the first use . I thought to myself , `` this one must be defective ... fortunately , I bought several more scrubbers '' . Scrubber after scrubber unraveled after one to two uses.I then learned about the Grill Wizard , and inferred very quickly that this was what the Tool Wizard was intended to be . After reading several reviews , I purchased the Grill Wizard and I am very happy . After over forty uses , my scrubber is in fine shape , and it does a marvelous job at keeping my grill clean.As a side note , I will say that Barr Brothers dealt with me fairly on this issue . I indicated that their Tool Wizard product was not up to sufficient quality , and they did credit me my purchase without troubling me to send the Tool Wizard and scrubbers back to them.If you are looking for a new grill brush , I strongly suggest you bypass this product and purchase the Grill Wizard instead .
 This brush is cheap crap that 's made in China . I bought one for my father and the scrubby unravelled and fell apart , and the cheap plastic handle warped after two months of use . Additionally , this brush is a poor imitation of a great design . This brush is a cheap copy that only has 1 scrubby , which results in only cleaning the top of the grill grates . The original Grill Wizard brush has the superior design that actually has two high quality scrubbies , which results in cleaning both the top and the sides of the grill grate . Finally , in addition to the better quality materials and construction , as well as superior design , the Grill Wizard brush comes with a sturdy , wooden handle , which is traditional for BBQ tools . I do n't know if Chris Kimball and his CI/ATK crew are confused or what , but do n't waste your money on the Tool Wizard . Buy the original Grill Wizard brush !
 The BBQ Brush Wizard Grill Scrubber is a knock-off of the original Grill Wizard . It is a MUCH inferior product . If you Google Grill Wizard it will take you to the site of the original `` real '' Grill Wizard . The Grill scrubber is breaking patent law by marketing it . AMAZON ! go to the Grill Wizard site at see the real deal . I have no connection to the make of the original other than being a customer .
 I use my grill A LOT , and I also purchased this brush based on the America 's Test Kitchen review because I was tired of the brass bristle brushes not cleaning well and the little bristles sticking in my fingers when I cleaned the inside of my grill.The brush itself is great ; the angle of contact on the grill grates is perfect for cleaning ... it hopefully will last a long time . The brush does do a better cleaning job , however , the scrubbies are `` Tool Wizard '' , not `` Grill Wizard '' , and they come apart after 20-25 cleanings .
 After reading a review in Cook 's Illustrated on the Grill Wizard brush I immediately went out and bought it . The brush is TERRIBLE . After just one use the scouring pad completely unraveled and the brush is useless . I just e-mailed the company to find out what gives with this . Do n't waste your money on it !!
 Not the brush reviewed in Cook 's Illustrated , a much cheaper knockoff . The grill wizard China brush with the wood handle and the much better stainless steel scrubbies is the way to go .
 Wish the other reviews had been here before I wasted my money on this piece of junk . As most everyone has said , it works for 1-2 uses , max , before literally falling a part , Well , that 's not totally accurate , it starts falling apart immediately , even when I used it on a brand new , sparkling clean grill -LRB- never been cooked on -RRB- . It takes one to two uses to TOTALLY fall apart . The scrubby insert shreds and rips out of the holder , leaving the much described `` tinsel '' all over your grill -LRB- nice -RRB- and other scrubbies we have purchased do n't do much better.It does seem there 's a difference between the `` Tool Grill Wizard '' listed here and the `` Grill Wizard '' tested and recommended by Cook 's -LRB- making this product title HIGHLY deceptive -RRB- . The concept , though , is identical , so I ca n't imagine how different it could really be . Perhaps the scrubby quality is better but , still , we 've tried other scrubbies and the problem with this brush remains . It 's still just two tines clipping in a removable scrub brush and that is the problem with this unit , not the handle construction or anything else that looks like it could possibly be different between the two .
 I thought this was the answer to my problems . It was n't . The head is not steady and flips open while cleaning the grill . The scrub pads take off only a minimal amount of burnt on matter and the product does not address the sides of the grates . It would have been better to include notched scrappers to get at trapped food.Very disappointed .
 the 5 star reviews . I bought this because of the 5 star reviews and I ordered extra cleaning pads at the same time . I did n't find that it cleans any better . The shipping costs are expensive and there is no tracking . I had to pick this item up at the post office .
 While America 's Test Kitchen rated this brush highly in their 2008 test , it is not the real thing and it does not hold up . One wonders how many uses ATK got out of it . And there 's some serious , unfortunate and misleading name infringement going on here .
 I found out that the GrillWizzard sold on Amazon is not the one tested by America 's Test Kitchen . -LSB- ... -RSB- This one gets hot and the scrub brushes fell apart after a few uses . I know that they are replaceable ... but I expected them to last longer .
 My experience with this brush is different than some users , apparently . The scrub pad on my Grill Wizard unravelled quickly and did n't do that great a job on its first or subsequent uses , either . And when it started unravelling , which was on the second or third use , it started leaving bits of the scrub pad on the grill . I would not buy this again or recommend it , and I 'm sorry that I bought some extra scrub pads with the initial purchase to save on the shipping . The combination of Weber 's `` regular '' brass brush and Weber 's 21 '' T-brush works much better .
 DO N'T BUY THIS RIP OFF GRILL BRUSH ! The makers of this cheap knock-off are trying to confuse the market by making a grill cleaning brush that looks like the real Grill Wizard -LRB- Google `` Grill Wizard '' to find the real company website -RRB- . At first this brush used the SAME name -LRB- a trademark violation -RRB- as the original Grill Wizard . They changed the name but the brush itself is still violating the original patent!This company is stealing someone else 's idea , violating numerous federal IP laws and should be put out of business!I 'm not associated with either company -LRB- other than owning a genuine Grill Wizard -RRB- but the idea of supporting a company like this is unacceptable to me .
 This brush is not the model reviewed by cook 's illustrated . This model has a different mechanism for holding the scrub pad . This model has a plastic device that screws into the head through the pad and holds it with four arms . these arms limit the amount of the pad that actually comes into contact with -LRB- and cleans -RRB- the grill . This is inferior to the recommended model which holds the pad with two metal prongs through the side of the pad and therefore the entire surface of the pad is involved in cleaning the grill . The Cook 's model also has a metal head while this model 's is made of the same plastic as the handle . The company name is correct on the package , they must have gotten a new manufacturer .
 I agree with previous reviews . This brush lasts maybe one or two cleanings and then the scrubbing pad literally rips off of the handle .
 I did not order this brush because it clearly did not match the description -LRB- or the illustration -RRB- in Cook 's grilling and barbecue book . The angle of the handle is different . The handle here is black and looks like plastic , which is what Cook 's specifically rejected . The original handle was poplar . Finally , the original had a hook at the end of the handle . The Amazon illustration shows no hook . Little wonder a lot of people found the Amazon brush useless . If you want to get the McCoy , google the name `` grill wizard china grill brush '' . Note , the word `` china '' does not appear in the Amazon version . I found it for sale at Chef 's Resource . -LRB- The url is just what you think it is . -RRB-
 The GRILL WIZARD is what you are looking for not the tool wizard . The tool wizard is a TOTAL RIP OFF of the inventors and their patents for this product.After hearing the inventors story , ALL who are thinking of purchasing this rip off item need to do a comparison of both products . REALLY take a look online of both products $ 10.00 compared to 20.00 , you get what you pay for.TAKE A LOOK - the packaging is exact of course excluding the REAL NAME and the all important PATENT NUMBER . Look for yourself this inventor is getting ripped off and you should in courage this from this companyRealize with any product that the inventor spent years to produce this product and tens of thousands of dollars of his hard earned money with Lawyers and Patenting this product.Now a company that use to sell the GRILL WIZARD and still uses the GRILL WIZARD name until you ask for the product by name , then they tell you they have had a name change . A name change , I mean a way to slip around the patent law and going behind the inventors back to purchase the product probably from the same manufacturer but with that stupid name change .
 We also bought this b/c Cooks Illustrated recommended it . We were very disappointed . The scrubber comes apart when the grill is cleaned , leaving tinsel-like bits over the grill that have to be picked off before grilling again , or else it gets in your food . Also , the vendor charged quite a lot for shipping , and our order was mis-routed .
 This is NOT the real tool that Cook 's Illustrated reviewed . The real tool is called Grill Wizard China brush found at grillwizard -LSB- dot -RSB- com . I am not affiliated with the company in any way . I found this out after searching for the tool on Amazon and discovering this was fake . The real tool has a wooden handle.NOTE
 If it costs less than $ 25 or so for the basic tool and it does n't have a wooden handle , it 's not the original tool as designed & manufactured by R.G. Mfg. in Cupertino CA . Check out this site if you want the actual product . Buy this only if you want to `` save '' money but then buy a new one when it wears out .
 Not sure this is the tool Cooks Illustrated recommended , at least it is not the one recommended by America 's Test Kitchen , a related enterprise . There 's had a wooden handle and the pads seemed more dense . The pads started unraveling on first use and did n't seem to get between the grill bars as well as my previous brass bristle brush .
 This was a gift . they said it keeps the hotdogs from rolling allover the grill -LRB- or falling through -RRB- , but other than that , it 's nothing special .
 This is a relatively small prism in terms of overall size and cuts . It has to be positioned just so in order to get a decent reflection .
 This product is bogus and essentially fake . They are not `` Grill Wizard '' brand scrubs . Shop at the `` source '' - you wo n't be disappointed again .
 A great product , does a great job at cleaning grills . But a $ 2.99 item being sold for over $ 12.00 is outrageous !! Suggest the Charcoal Companion Scrubber Refills , 4 pack for less than $ 7.00 .
 I used to clean a heavy cast iron propane grill grate after cooking , do n't use before cooking unless you wipe down the grate . Did the job , but as previous reviewer mentioned after few uses leaves flakes of the steel material on the grate , but takes off caked on grease and charred flesh from previous grilling.It 's okay , but I will not be buying replacement scrubbers , the wire brushes do the same trick and do n't leave any steel flakes in your grill .
 i wish the seller would 've said getting 3/price of one . . shipping way to much . i assumed it was under amazon free shipping . . but they were nice about it . .
 Great Product - I was so happy and satisfied when I foud this scrubber.HOWEVER , These replacement scrubbers are too expensive . Do your self a search and find them priced at 3.98 elsewhere . Shame on Amazon for allowing them to be so expensive .
 After reading other reviews for this stuff I decided to give it a try cloning Stevia Cuttings . No dice . No results at all . I tried both rockwool , water and soil for cloning with absolutely no results . Followed the directions to the letter and tried about 20 different cuttings to make sure it was n't user error . Every single one of them died.I got better results just sticking the stevia cuttings in straight water and changing it out once a week . At least I got those cuttings to survive and start to root after a month or so.I always hate to write a negative review , but I just could n't get this stuff to work .
 This is just a viscously compounded fertilizer which contains no hormonal stimulants at all to help promote rooting in plants . It 's a thick mixture of water , viscous agents and fertilizers which you can make on your own ! Very disappointed with the advertisements which act as though it contains IBA compounds or related ingredients to promote root formation . Do n't buy it .
 indole 3 butriatic acid . IBA3 , is oneof the most used hormones for cloning agents . there are a few others , but none of those are in Olivia 's either . this is just some gooey fertilizer . it does n't actually belong in the category `` cloning '' or `` rooting '' products.absolutely sad . if a plant clones easily , this wo n't kill it , usually . in situations when a cloning agent is actually needed , you wo n't find any here.i have had better results sticking stems in water . aerated water . coco coir , rockwool , etc. root tech , clonex , etc are all much better and actually have necessary infredients relevant to ROOTING.if you need to feed clones , prewater with 1/4 strength nutrient solution , or water with it once roots form.don ' t waste money on this.even schultz rooting powder is more effective.agghh !!! the people i know who 've lost so many cuttings using this gooey crap ...
 I recently tried Olivias after getting some for free and running out of Clonex . 100 % failure rate . I had 99 % or better with clonex . I took my cuttings after 3 weeks , recut them , used clonex and guess what ? Roots 5 days later , as usual.Buy Clonex
 still collating data unsure if I wasusing it according to guidelines . it a pearsjust to be a vitamin compound of naturalingredients .
 This item is one piece of plastic . The handle of the anchor used to screw the unit into the sand broke off the first time . When I called Amazon to report the problem I was told by the Amazon representative to call Party Magic USA directly to resolve the issue . She gave me the telephone number . When I called Party Magic USA I was told i needed to go back to Amazon to file a report . I told the person at Party Magic that Amazon told me to contact them directly . He was annoyed and rude when I asked to speak to a supervisor . He said there was no one other than him that I could speak to . The issue is still not resolved at this time of posting . Quite upsetting .
 We used this with our umbrella for a week at the beach . After about 3 days it splinted in half . I was disappointed when it arrived because it was plastic instead of metal but thought we 'd give it a try .
 The handle broke on the third day of our beach vacation . In denser sand near the water , the unit does not screw into the sand without applying some downward pressure , but the handles are weak in that direction . I was careful , knowing that it was plastic , but one handle snapped off anyway .
 I think some of the reviews attached to this product may be for another anchor . This product is not as long as it appears and the plastic is thinner than most I 've seen . The fins at the bottom are not wide enough to provide a good `` anchor '' . You can get as much support for your umbrella digging a hole with your hand . I 'd return it , but after shipping it 's not worth the trouble .
 Today we took this to the beach and screwed it ALL the way into the sand . It was alittle windy , but not more than most days at the beach . Our beach umbella after a few minutes went flying thru the air . This beach sand archor was still attached to it when it went flying down the beach , it hit a baby stroller and bounced off it and could have killed someone . Thank God there was no baby in the stroller or it would have killed their kid . This product to me is a piece of crap . I wish I never bought it . I am throwing mine in the trash today .
 I bought this before going to the beach , thinking it would still be cheaper than the ones sold by the shore . That was my first mistake . Almost exact copies are sold for $ 9.99 at the beach , I paid more for this once shipping and handling was taken into account . It worked fine and kept my umbrella from blowing away . In fact , my parents , who have a metal umbrella anchor , kept having their umbrella blow away while my plastic one held fast . But the third day I used it , the plastic handle broke as I was putting it into the sand . It still works for holding the umbrella , but I am mad that it broke already . Also , because I have a very skinny umbrella , the plastic side bulges out when I tighten the screw to hold the umbrella in , so I 'm just waiting for that to break as well . I 'm going to duct tape the handle so I can hopefully keep using this holder , but if you buy it , be very gentle when putting it into the sand , and I would recommend it for thicker umbrellas .
 Tried this in very normal beach sand . After screwing it all the way into the ground , I tried to pull it back out to check how difficult it would be and it came out easily with little effort . Did not even use after that because it was obviously not going to help .
 Nice to have at the beach , but do n't expect it to last over the Summer . If you turn the Plastic screw on the side too tight it will break around the rim .
 There are a number of reviews on here that apparently must be for another item other than the one shown . Be assured the item does NOT have a removable handle ... . AT ALL . It also DOES NOT HAVE MORE THAN TWO FINS . So when one of them BREAKS OFF after only using it a small number of times , it 's no good anymore . Piece of junk . Not sure what the other people on here are reviewing but I 'd love to get one of those with the removable handle or with the 3 fins . This one just is n't it . If you want something that lasts ... . buy something else .
 First use in Myrtle Beach , SC . Picture is nothing like Sand Anchor I recieved . No removable handle and not as long as shown . We thought we had unit well screwed in place and completely burried . -LRB- using an 8 ft. umbrella -RRB- , but in two hours time we had to chase it down . They were normal breezes associated with the beach , not high winds . I had another gentlemen come over and tell me not to waste my time with it , he told me he had the same experience . I borrowed the digging iron the life gaurd used to put up the rental umbrellas and installed umbrella without the anchor . We were MUCH more satisfied with the results . I would not recommend spending $ 20 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- for this . It may work better on a small umbrella ... ? As a side note I also saw another person with a similar device the following day , and they also chased down their umbrella .
 Handle broke twisting it into sand after about the 3rd day of use . On first use the plastic changed color indicating high stress where the umbrella pole is tightened . Returned for refund and bought a metal one from elsewhere .
 The most important and only moving part of this anchor , the plastic tightener , broke into two pieces the very first time we used it . We would have returned it had not a mechanically-oriented friend jury-rigged a replacement part .
 Nice anchor as long as it works . After about 5 uses the handle broke . I tried to glue it back but it did not hold . I think the plastic is too thin for its purpose .
 I borrowed someones beach anchor and it worked so great that I wanted to buy one of my own . I found this one on amazon and thought it looked great.I was n't that impressed when it arrived and it was all plastic . the shaft , handles , retaining screw are all plastic . I agree with the person that said that people must be reviewing a different product . I will try to set the record straight : - it is about 12 to 15 inches tall and made of plastic-it has a plastic retaining screw that looks like it will strip quite easily-the handles are plastic and are part of the same mold as the stakewhoever said it has a removable handle like a buck is reviewing a different product , whoever said it is 2 ft tall is reviewing a different product , whoever said it is the best beach anchor they 've ever seen probably is the one selling the product , and whoever said it worked better than all other beach anchors on the beach on a certain day was probably the same person selling the product.bottom line is it seems to be a cheap product but I paid for a cheap product . I have n't used it yet , but i am not expecting it to be as good as a metal anchor or nearly as durable . it is probably a pretty decent anchor for the low price , but do n't go in having high expectations
 I had an old metal one that screwed beautifully into the sand . This one did not screw into the sand at all .
 I had one of the other tools from this company , and it was very nice , wood handle , seemingly good construction , looked really good and was reasonable for a nice quality product.So I purchased 2 of these brushes -LRB- one each for my two houses -RRB- and two of the replacement brush heads . I was ready to commit to this product : -RRB- So after cooking up a meal on the BBQ , I bust out my rosewood grill brush , and slide it across the grill . I started to notice that some of the brush bristles were falling out all over the grill . I did another slide across the grill . More bristles were falling out . This continued for a third time until about 30 % of the bristles had fallen out of this piece of junk . I 'm not sure what happened . I 'm not sure how they are affixing the bristles , whether it is glue or mechanically -LRB- trapping the metal ends somehow -RRB- or what ... but with a relatively light pressure slide across the grill , this thing totally fell apart . I am not a body builder , and I was not getting angry at the grill here :-RRB- I applied the same pressure as I did with the $ 3.99 all plastic throw away grill brush that this thing was supposed to replace , but on this one , the bristles fell out.Anyway , I returned this thing which Amazon took back with no issues which is cool.I looked for another brush but gave up . Now I just use the sharp end of the spatula , or the tongs so I can do 2 sides at once -RRB- and scrape the stuff off the grill . I 'm using this on Weber Genesis grills from a few year ago that have the ceramic grills . This method takes longer than a brush but probably gets it cleaner .
 I bought these covers last year and they cracked and split right away . Even as I was taking them off my chairs to throw them away , they tore into shreds . And I live in California -- very mild weather . Save yourself some $ $ and do n't buy this product .
 Bought these and they didnt last . they have torn within 2 years of owning them and the material is totally rotted . i cant even remove them from the chairs without them tearing more . Not a good quality product .
 This cover does not last more than a few months outdoors . I bought this item twice and both times fabric fell apart even though the second time I used covers during the summer only -LRB- I live in the Northeast -RRB- .
 I have 27 32SA sprinkler heads . Two years ago I repalced 25 of them . Last year I had to replace 22 of the 27 . This year another 23 have stopped rotating . There is something wrong with the 32SA series . Maybe Rainbird wants people to replace them over and over again.It is not my sprinkler system . I have a super fine system mesh filter so it is not debris . Not only was system off for winter , but I live in FL and it did not freeze here last year . My 12 42SA 's have been running for over 5 years without a problem . The same goes for my 43 1800 spray heads . In 7 years , the only 1800 I had to replace was 1 that failed to retract and the lawn mover killed it.So ... 1800 's good reliability42SA 's good reliability32SA 's piece of garbage . I have light bulbs that last longer . Stay away from the 32SA series .
 I will not purchase these again . Of the dozen or so I have used , and replaced over the last 4 years , I find the average life 3-6 months . Some will break the first time you clean the filter screen . Problem is screwing them in place without breaking the rotating center gear . Will still pop up , but not rotate . Weak and easially broken .
 I did n't know enough about the system to realize I do n't need these nozzles . I may when the others get old and clogged up . I might have wanted some extra hose and full brass pieces which is essentially another whole system . I did not need any kind of pump . I did need more of the heavy plastic hose . Guess what ? Do n't spend the $ $ $ on the extra plastic hose they sell . I went to Lowe 's and got a white heavy duty plastic high pressure hose that is used for dishwashers . They cut it for you at any length , it only cost a couple of dollars . It is the same circumference and works great as my extension .
 I bought these for misting outdoors . Installed in a system which contained a good pump and double filter for sediments . It worked great for two days then a couple started producing a drip within 3 weaks all 24 was producing nice drips but no mist . Utterly disappointed . Wondering if i need carbons filters since i am assuming calcium deposition or other mineral ion deposition on the tips is producing the problem . Also considering corrosion as another problem since the brass is corroding and changing colour . If anyone has a suggestion for helping me i will be much grateful .
 While the misting nozzles were as described , do n't be fooled by the `` combined shipping '' tag . The only thing they combine is everything into one package . You still pay postage for each order of misting nozzles separately . I paid $ 19.95 for 5 packages of misting nozzles , and I paid $ 24.95 for shipping . They claim that Amazon wo n't let them combine shipping costs and said the misting nozzles were still cheap even if I figured in all the shipping costs . Typically , when a consumer sees a notice about combined shipping , you assume -LRB- I know . . my fault -RRB- that it means they will combine everything into one package and only charge you shipping for that package . I felt very misled .
 Nice spray but need to make sure you install screens or filters spend more time cleaning them than using them .
 I recently was going to purchase an orbit10106 5 pack.I noticed I needed more than 5 and was going to order two 5 packs.I noticed the shipping charge was $ 4.99 for one 5 pack . When I tried to order 2 the shipping chargewas $ 9.98 even though the weight of the total wouldnt have changed the shipping costs . So I sent them an e-mail andthey never mentioned anything about the shipping . All they sent back was a Rude e-mail that basically if you dontlike it find it cheaper somewhere else.If you cant trust them to send back a cordial e-mail how can you trust them if the product is defective !!! Granted the cost of the product was fairly cheap but , if you add the shipping costs you can find it cheaper elsewhere .
 The Luster Leaf 870 Rapiclip Label Marker Pen arrived from Amazon completely dried out . It will not write at all - not even faintly . What a ripoff ! The tip is a nice thin size but no ink comes out so it is useless . I am very unhappy about the high defective rate I get on my Amazon orders . I am even more unhappy that Amazon flags the customers that refuse to take the hit and ask for a refund or replacement as policy breakers . There are other sites with better customer service .
 I received this pen in a timely manner . It was dried out and would not make a mark on any surface . What a shame . Look elsewhere for a different type .
 Totally not what I had ordered . It was a camo flag and it did have a picture on it but it was not the same picture advertised . Very dissapointed . Going back !!!!
 I just bought this hose today from an Ace Hardware store . In the process of hooking it up the hose kinked badly in two places , and the hose actually creased and turned white along the crease , as if it 's on the verge of cracking . I am returning this hose tomorrow . I do n't expect Ace products to be the very highest quality , but I do n't expect total junk , either .
 This flag pole arrived not as described . Amazon 's web site lists the flag pole at 59 '' in length , when in actuality , it is 56 '' in length . The diameter of the pole is just over a 1/2 '' . -LRB- Not sure what the other 2 is for as stated in product dimensions
 There is only one clip on this pole so a flag can not be properly attached to it . I want to return it but I 'm afraid it will be too expensive to ship back due to the size . So now I have a useless $ 13 wooden pole . I guess that 's what I get for going for the cheapest one !
 I like its heavy duty compact design , but I miss the adjustabilty of the old style Habachi with height adjusting racks . I would buy the Habachi featured on the BBQ Galore web site , but it does n't look as sturdy as the ones that were made in the past . Lodge definetly is in the ball park , they just need to modify its design .
 Ok I know I am going against the grain of some great reviews but maybe this will help you in your decision in purchasing .1 -RRB- Grill area is too small . I like people to eat at the same time . Not cook 2 steaks at a time . Why not have the capability to cook more . Also no edge so different foods can roll off grill .2 -RRB- No lid . There are numerous advantages to having a kettle grill with a lid . Controlling flare ups , being able to put the lid on a kettle grill , suffocating the fire , and forget cleaning it till tommorrow is nice . Hibachi grill top will rust in the elements and coals will remain hot .3 -RRB- Heavy unit , 31 lbs .4 -RRB- Too low , always have to bend over to cook . Plus dangerous for pets and kids since I used it on the patio floor . I never wanted to put a hot charcoal hibachi on a table .5 -RRB- No vinyl cover .6 -RRB- No easy way to remove old charcoal , see Weber one-touch cleaning system .7 -RRB- In my opinion the charcoal load was too small to sustain a nice hot searing temp level for long . I like to be able to load up my grill and sear several steaks without constant addition of charcoal .8 -RRB- No indirect cooking methods . Again the functionality of a kettle grill far surpasses the hibachi .9 -RRB- In all honesty I have never noticed any great taste from cooking on a grate that is never cleaned . The great taste I get from my grills are from the Kingsford charcoal and wood chips .10 -RRB- Last thing I 'll say is that even though I have enjoyed grilling/and BBQ 'n I never really ENJOYED it until I got my Weber Smokey Joe . I had an expensive Gas BBQ grill -LRB- what a waste -RRB- and the Lodge Hibachi and I left both of them behind when I sold my home . I feel sorry for the new owner . I now own the Weber Performer and Weber Smokey Mountain . Look into the One touch grills , you wo n't be disappointed.Hope this helps.Peace .
 This product was designed by a neanderthal . Although robust in construction , it lacks features that hibachis selling for even 1/3rd of it 's price routinely feature . It has only two grill height settings , and good luck if you want to change the grill height while the coals are hot . You will need insulated gloves or tongs to do so . I have seen dime-store hibachis with up to four grilling heights , and no worries about making a quick switch in height . The grill 's iron legs tend to get very hot in use , so beware of placement on wood or other heat sensitive surfaces . The door to stoke/service coals is a useless feature . All in all , this product was a disappointment . It may yet enjoy a more useful life as a flower pot .
 The idea of a 3 piece Halloween tombstone at this height seemed like a good one as it would be easy to store . However , it did n't turn out as well as expected . The three pieces do not mate up well . At least with the one I got , it mated so poorly that you could see the posts meant to hold the pieces together . The posts do n't really hold the pieces securely either . I think the top piece would have come off in a wind . I suppose you could try to trim the styrofoam so the pieces would fit better but I used minimal expanding foam insulation . It filled the void space between the pieces , hid the posts and glued the three pieces together making the whole thing more stable . Then trimmed and painted to match the rest of the tombstone . It 's good now but for the price I paid it should n't need all the extra work to make it usable . I 'll be sticking with one piece tombstones from now on .
 The grate fits and works nicely . The Hinged Cooking Grid did not fit inside the grill the way it should have , and prevented the lid from closing properly . I had to take a bolt cutter to it to make it fit better . Now it does n't look like a professionally fitted grate .
 Portable Kitchen Replacement Hinged Cooking Grid and Charcoal GrateBeware that the cooking grid in this set does NOT fit all of the 21.5 '' PK grills . I found , as others have , that the bottom charcoal grate fits my grill perfectly , but the top cooking grid is slightly #just a fraction of an inch # too long . Again , as others have noted , the excess length on the grid prevents the two halves of the casting from fitting flush with each other when closed . I have had the grid modified at a metal shop . The modification was to cut out a small section of the grid and then braze the two parts back together . It looks good . I hope the brazing holds under prolonged use in hot conditions , and I hope the brazing material does not impart any toxic chemicals to the food . I do n't know of any way to predict which PK grills are the ones that this cooking grid will not fit , since there is no model number or date of manufacture on the aluminum casting of the PK grill . The only thing I can tell you is that the handle on my grill is a flat , blade-shaped piece , unlike the C-shaped handles that are on the more recently manufactured PKs . Unfortunately , it is the older grills that are much more likely to need a new cooking grid than the newer ones . I debated on how to rate this product , since if it fits your grill , it is a 5-star item , but for me it was a 1-star . I would suggest , if you live anywhere near a PK dealer , take your top and bottom aluminum castings in to check the fit of a replacement grill . #You might want to run by a coin-operated car wash first , to hose them off with a high-pressure washer . # Even taking your old , rusty , good-fitting cooking grid in will not work , since when I held up the old and new grids back-to-back , they appeared identical in size . The discrepancy is that small -- but it matters .
 Sorry but we were immensely disappointed in this product 's failure . We noticed absolutely no change or improvement with this product .
 I WANT to believe this product works ; I 'm just not sure if it does . Thing is , blossom end rot is tricky ; just because the first few tomatoes or peppers have BER does n't mean the next batch will , and vice versa . If you have two of the same plant next to each other , watered and fertilized exactly the same , one can be plagued with BER all season , and the other might not get it at all . There 's not much of a pattern to BER ; it 's pretty random , except to say that inconsistent watering -LRB- such as heavy storms followed by drought -RRB- exacerbates it . So it 's difficult if not impossible to perform a scientifically-valid test . That all said , BER is a difficult , ongoing challenge in my garden , ruining 1/3 or so of the tomatoes every year no matter what I do , so any help is to be welcomed . I 've applied this product many times , and sometimes the BER gets better , often it does n't . Any changes observed might well be within the normal range of the randomness of BER in a garden . In short , I do n't think the Bonide product makes much -LRB- or any -RRB- difference . I 'll probably keep using it , just in case it 's helping , but deep down , I do n't think it works .
 I 've had this mower for three years . I 've changed the oil in it regularly , Cleaned the filter and kept it inside . Up until the end of last season it ran great . Now however , it will barely run . I 've pulled the carburetor apart , cleaned the pick-up tube and changed the plug but to no avail . I have a similar mower with a rear bagger and slightly bigger engine and am having the same problem . For me , I 'm staying away from anything with a Briggs and Stratton engine and I 'd suggest anyone else do the same !
 doesnt have enough power to kill the bugs it only makes them swarm around it.But a electric bug zapper .
 the bug zapper is really small I should have known by the dimensions . It took about 5 to 7 days to charge the solar lights . I have yet to hear it zap any bugs and also there is no proof that it has zapped any bugs . Even though the days day been sunny there are many nights the bug zapper is not lite . I have solar bird feeders that light up every night all year long .
 We ordered this for my grandmother 's 85 birthday , but because I had it sent to her I did n't realize that there was a problem with the shipment until two days before we flew down for the celebration . It was damaged/broken in shipment but no one from Target , Amazon or UPS notified us-ever - over the intervening 3 weeks that it would n't be delivered . Long story short ? Realized it had n't arrived and spent the morning on the phone with Amazon getting my money back . Which gave me no time to order a new one . Thanks .
 the product was never used and returned . never had the chance to plant because the pot arrived broken and was returned . the best thing is that we got our money back . the worst thing was the packing by the shipper which no doubt cased the damage . the product could not be exchanged and left us short of an already late Christmas present .
 as an avid gardener ... tools should be able to stand the test of time and have endurance ... and at this price , a tool breaking in half after only two years is beyond words ! this is my first review of anything ive purchased through Amazon and when this tool snapped off in my hands yesterday i was very angry !
 If you want to use a pencil to write on these forget it . A marker works well but you can erase the marker to reuse the stake . So , if you plant the same thing and want to always have the same labels makers work well . For writing with a pencil to erase and reuse , do n't buy these .
 Great concept , good design . One problem . They filled it about 1/3 or 1/4 full , which means , you can cook about 2 hotdogs . I had to take the top off and add charcoal to make it useful for even a couple of people 's meals . Cheapness destroys the product .
 I ca n't believe that the company is STILL making these and that people are still buying . My husband and I bought one years ago , and it did n't work . DONT `` T waste your money ; just get an Hitachi iron grill -- small , tried and true . Get a small bag of charcoal and lighter fluid , and you will be good to go .
 This product is awful . If you enjoy spending money on something and getting no use out of it , this grill is for you . Otherwise , DO NOT BUY IT !!! I could not get the coals to light and without hot coals , the product is useless . I bought this to use for tailgating at a football game and thankfully I was able to use someone else 's grill to cook my food . I will never think about buying this product again .
 We tried the Grill-n-Go to make things easier when we go camping . We found that it was not worth it at all . The grill never got hot enough to cook anything and it left a bad taste on the meat we were cooking . We ended up putting tin foil over our camp fire and finishing cooking that way . The Grill-n-Go seemed like a great idea but it turned out to be a waste of time and money . Would not buy this product again . I give it two stars for a decent idea and the ability to throw it away .
 This thing is useless . Charcoal does n't light . Do not buy this piece of junk . Amazon , get rid of this product ! Get yourself a cheap portable grill and a bag of instant-light charcoal for about $ 20 total . It would be reusable and you would n't be wasting your hard-earned money .
 This product does not work at all , it 's more worth in to throw your dollar bill in to start the grill .
 These grills were useless . I bought several for a tailgating party . There were about 4 chunks of charcoal in each which did not even come close to lighting using the paper bag they were enclosed in . I broke open three grills and put all the charcoal together and lit it with some charcoal lighter . I will never even think about buying these again !
 Product worked well for intended use , except did n't hold up under medium high grill temps . Only had on grill for 10 - 12 minutes and sheet burned and warped . Only good for one use . I have n't used but once . may work better at low temps , but I do n't usually grill this way .
 I bought the two pack at Lowe 's thinking this would be great for the gas grill at home . Well , It only lasted for a few seconds before the flames of the grill melted it away . It was very easy to trim and install but they are useless . I did have great success with the expandable 19 '' grill cover .
 I bought Gril-O-Sheets to grill summer squash and zucchini on my grill . The Gril-O-Sheets melted , caused 3 foot high flames , and the smell of it burning was really toxic . I was glad I had already cooked my steaks and hot dogs before I put the sheet on the grill or the steaks and dogs would have been ruined . I do n't know if I can salvage my grill ; the gril-o-sheet melted down into my grill and has caused a big mess . My husband will have to spend a couple of hours cleaning and hopefully nothing was damaged beyond repair . The packaging says it is Proudly Made in the USA . I hope this is n't an example of the type of workmanship we are now producing in our country . I only gave this one star because Amazon makes you give it a `` star '' rating . If I could have given it no stars , I would have .
 Not good for burgers ! Easier to flip but even if you cook over low heat the grease drips down , flares up & melts the sheet . The label says should not come in direct contact with flame & that 's why . Also the grease was burned on to the sheet & was difficult to clean even with a brillo pad . I had an easier time cleaning my grill rack .
 I bought several pages o the Grill-0-Sheets which say `` reusable '' on the front . Twice when we tried them on top of the outdoor grill grid , they completely burned up while the food -LRB- just burgers -RRB- was cooking ! Totally a waste ... Never would recommend . I still have two packages that I 'm throwing away .
 This is no bargain to purchase on Amazon.Buy something similar at your local supermarket/check infomercials/etc . Also ... it is not 10 sheets - it arrived as 6 sheets , and they are not re-usable , unless you do n't care about bacteria , health and other food related issues . This is truly the first time I felt misled by Amazon - but summer is too short for me to return and deal with all that annoyance.Too much money ... for too little product ! Buyer Beware !
 This product melted to my grill and burner plates . We had the grill on medium-high heat and it melted to the cooking surface . It was our first time using it.Terrible product ! Do not buy !
 Used it once . Wanted to see what the grill temp was on high on my Weber gas grill , and the thing was toasted . Burned up the paint inside and made the glass completely black inside . All the paint inside flaked off and is now fills the unit like loose sand . When it cooled down , it was stuck at 225 . If it were n't so cheap , I 'd return it . But at around eight bucks , it hardly seems worth the effort .
 Do n't waste your money . It continually falls off of the pole and has no effect in the deep end of the pool . If you insist on buying it , get yourself a pair off goggles and dive in and scrub by hand . That is the only way it works .
 The USFS uses this heavy-duty tool for cutting fire lines . It 's great for trail cutting , rough landscaping , etc. . Unfortunately , the company is having quality control problems . I ordered one and it was obviously defective , so I sent it back and received a replacement , which also was obviously defective . The True Temper company has not replied to my email .
 These are flexible light-weight gloves , useful for outdoor work and fairly rugged . But they are not waterproof ... dip a finger in water for longer than a second , and you have a wet finger .
 First of all , these gloves are not waterproof . Secondly , the finger tips on both of my gloves have ripped open after using the gloves for normal gardening work . I spoke with customer service three times and after spending a few dollars to ship the defective item to the manufacturer , the rep said that they would send a replacement pair . No replacement received . Time and money wasted on these expensive , poorly made gloves .
 Dissapointed with these gloves . They 're rather expensive for what they are . The quality just is n't there . I did n't find them to be water proof either .
 January 2011 . I brought these gloves because I have a large snow blower for a large yard that has heated hand grips . The problem is that the heat melts the snow when I work and my gloves get soaked . I was looking for a pair of gloves that would hold up in the weather and prevent my hands from getting cold and wet.I 've used these gloves in two heavy snows and they 've worked excellently . My hands have stayed dry both times . This means that not only did they prevent melted snow from getting in but allowed my working hands to breath so that they would n't sweat up.I will try to write later and let you know how they hold up . Whether they continue to be waterproof and how rugged they remain with their reinforced palms and fingers.UPDATE - After about 6-7 times use in the snow the waterproofing that is used on the gloves must have worn off . The gloves are no longer waterproof . Not even water resistant . I will need to buy a water resistant spray-on to revive them . I am lowering my rating .
 Unlike most work gloves these are very comfortable but I used them only twice before the really disintegrated . The gray soft material - feels like leather but wears like felt - on the fingers completely shredded exposing my hands to the nasty outside world . This was not a hard work situation either . I did some leaf raking for an hour and rode a bicycle for a couple of hours . Too bad . I really like the way they feel . I complained to the company and they said to send the gloves and the receipt and they would make a determination whether to refund my money . Yeah , right .
 i ordered this after reading the reviews . I was disappointed when i received it . the copper bowl is n't very large and it is very lightweight . Does n't appear to be sturdy at all . I had it ouside for a few days before mailing it back , deciding whether to keep it or not . it became discolored just from sitting outside ! I found this same item for $ 30 less at the hardware store over the weekend but even for that price i would n't buy it . i sent it back and ordered the Fierenzy instead . hoping it will be a better product .
 I was a little disappointed in the quality of this product and the fact that it had no grate or tools to handle hot wood or to remove the screen . Shortly after purchasing this , I saw comparable models at the local lumber yard that had all these things and were priced $ 20.00 less than this one . Also , the opening in the bottow which is suppose to drain rain water does n't . Apparently the top surface of this is higher than the bottom so allows a certain amount of water to remain . The bowl has to be turned on it 's side to drain .
 I 've had a Ducane grill for 15 years and was excited when I saw this deal for a stainless steel unit . After I ordered it I learned that Ducane had gone bankrupt , but thought it would probably be okay.Unfortunately , the ad clearly states propane , but they sent me a natural gas version . To make matters worse , the shipper cut open the box , so I ca n't easily ship it back . Amazon does n't have a customer service number so I forced to converse via email and do n't know when I 'll hear back . Right now I 'm out $ 500 and have a useless piece of stainless steel .
 Amazon sent me the Natural Gas head as well ! Right on the box next to the Ducane sticker saying Natural Gas was the Amazon sticker with my name saying propane ! Sure - they 'll take it back . And now I have no BBQ , two hours of assembly time gone and a family get together ruined by Amazon.Congrats!Any others out there expect the same?UPDATE ! Amazon -LRB- at my request -RRB- paid the parts and labor to switch my natural gas to propane . Less than $ 200 to make the switch and you end up with a fine Ducane . Amazon 's customer service is to be commended . They did come through here !
 I recently purchased this identical item from target for half the price . Anyone paying over $ 50.00 is being taken for a ride . Do n't do it !!! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I ordered this item and it arrived with chunks of the powdercoat finish missing , which means it will rust . I requested a replacement and the replacement item has the same issue . The problem is not with shipping , it 's with manufacturing . This item is JUNK ! Do n't waste your money .
 Very disappointed . Thin metal , doors fix badly , Top of the fireplace does not ever bolt on . So on a windy day it will blow off . So sorry I bought this.I give it 2 years maybe . Not worth it .
 I recently received this outdoor gas fireplace as a gift . We decided to use this on our patio while entertaining friends . About a half hour or so into using this pit we all noticed the pit emitting thick black smoke . We turned off the gas and unplugged the propane quickly and the pit continued to burn . A hose was quickly dragged over to put out the fire-pit . My house was filled with the smoke . The bottom pan on the foreplace appeared to be the problem , burning a triangle shape into the pan . The pit was returned the next day and Char Broil was notified and sent pictures . In my opionion , this is a hazard and should be recalled but that ball is now in the hands of Char-Broil and the govt . Never again will a char broil product be bought in this household .
 I did n't have a need to use the CharBroil Gas Log Outdoor Fireplace for a number of months after I purchased it . When I did try to use it , the flame was a yellow orange color , which put out a lot of black smoke . I called the manufacturer and only got the run around . They said the unit has a 90 warrarty , and since 90 days have passed , they wo n't do anything about it . Needless to say , I have n't used the unit . I will not purchase another one of their products .
 Flame went out twice , char broil sent parts but happened again , sending defective parts . Would not buy it again .
 I ordered a LP grill and received a NG grill . I have no NG connection anywhere close to my deck so I am faced with a complicated return or the additional cost of running NG to my deck . I do n't even know what to ask Amazon to do to make this right ... unbelievable !
 This is a really nice grill however it was propane instead of NG.Anyone have a ng kit or want to swop components to make right.Please e-mail me at staitz@ameritech.net
 The grill came about a week late . When it finally came , it was an LP grill instead of the natural gas grill that I ordered . Would n't it be a good idea to double and triple check an item that weighs 130 lbs before shipping it ? After calling Amazon , they inform me that there is no replacement available and I 'll have to set up a return by email . They did n't do anything to make the situation right . What a pain ! Now it is way past the season to buy a grill and I need a new one .
 I ordered the Ducane 7100 natural gas grill and my first shipment I recieved a Weber dark blue Platinum charcoal grill . UPS picked up the Weber and Amazon reordered the Ducane 7100 natural gas grill . This time I received the LP -LRB- propane -RRB- model and when I called Amazon they did not really seem to care
 I ordered the NG and got the LP too . This thing is huge and extremely heavy . Do n't have a clue how I could possibly return its so big and heavy -LRB- but rather pretty -RRB- . I 've emailed Amazon too - if anyone has had any luck with Amazon or Ducane on converting the thing or returning it , please email me at denvermatt at msn.com
 Ordered the natural gas model was sent the LP version . Just got done running 50 feet of gas pipe . E-mailed them hope the can make it right .
 We ordered this grill a couple weeks ago and it finally was delivered today and they shipped the wrong model -LRB- NG instead of LP -RRB- and now it shows as discontinued/out of stock . Hopefully they still have a NG one they can ship us . Even so it will be a pain to return the large package . We emailed Amazon.com because there was no phone number to call . We have now found other reviews on Amazon.com about wrong shipments/missing pieces and no reply from Amazon.com . We hope that is not the case with this too . If all else fails we can order the $ 80 kit for conversion from Ducane . -LRB- Who was very helpful and had a phone number to talk to a real person -RRB- $ 80 is a lot more to spend to fix an incorrect shipment . Hopefully we will hear back from Amazon.com soon with a resolution . Other than that the grill looks great and scheduling the delivery was not a big deal . Hopefully we get to use it soon .
 I had ordered this product , as I knew Ducane was a company that made a great product and it was backed by a lifetime warranty on the burners , and the deal was to good to pass up ... almost unbelievable . Too Unbelievable , so I did some investigating and found out Ducane filed for bankruptcy in June of 2004 . While their lifetime warranty is being prorated and honored by Weber in some cases , I felt parts might be in short supply so cancelled my order .
 I too was duped into thinking that both shelves would be stainless steel , as in the picture . As the other reviewer , Amazon offered me twenty dollars . The correct shelf cost five times that amount . Anyways , I will no longer purchase anything from Amazon , and have been a happy customer since 1998 . Amazon 's customer service has severely dropped in quality .
 I just purchase the Ducane 7200R LP with cart . The packaging was not very good . Some of the parts within the grill were not secured and so was allowed to move within the grill top . This was not the worst of it . The worst part was the grill cart . The picture and description on the Amazon website claims that it has 2 stainless steel shelves . Do NOT believe it . When it comes to you , you will be getting one stainlesss steel shelf and one with a big cut out with a plastic cutting board . Very cheap looking . Amazon has also decided that they are going to offer different peoples different refunds . They will be offered others $ 20 and others up to $ 116 . This is unacceptable in my opinion . I will never purchase from Amazon again . They have forgotten the little people .
 As the title says , no birds for a month of having this on my window with premium seed . Then late one night I went to look out my window because my neighbors were making noise , and to my surprise I see a huge cockroach sitting in there eating away . Ugh I am done with bird feeders if it is going to attract my nemesis .
 Ordered this and the base to match in beige . Was thrilled when it came so quickly but ... The base was just the metal part , no support piece , so a neighbor drilled a hole in the pole of the umbrella and we put it up that way . The first breeze and one of the struts came loose from the umbrella.Looks great , but save your $ $ $ . It 's going back today !
 This umbrella looks AWESOME out of the box . But as you will soon find out the connection between the top pole and bottom pole of the umbrella is VERY weak . The whole thing is held together by two small loose -LRB- and stripped , in my case -RRB- screws -LRB- in that metal piece that connects the top and bottom pole -RRB- . And the bottom pole only goes into that metal piece about 3/4 '' so there is no stability at all there it pivots all over the place in the wind . After 1 week a small gust of wind broke mine in half . It looks nice but is TRASH and very poorly made -LRB- in China -RRB- !
 this product broke the fourth day we had it . the button that holds the umbrella straight snapped . not going to send it back to much trouble . wrapped it in duct tape
 I have had three sets of these . Only one of them has worked `` out of the box '' after the requisite day of charging . The first set that I got had the solar panel wired backwards so that it never charged the batteries . The second set had the connectors wired so badly that with all the glue covering it I could never make it work . The third set worked until water started getting into the interior of the light rocks and shorting out the connections . My area is under a drought and has had very little rain in the last 14 months , so the light rocks should not have been able to collect water like that - but they did.All in all , the workmanship was incredibly poor and the company 's product support was even worse . Do n't buy this !
 Modification was definitely necessary for this to fit my grill . At this price , these should fit from the get go . If you buy these , plan on a lot of work , these are not easy to bend . I do n't mind the work , but not when they are advertised to fit , and at almost $ 40 each I expect more .
 In less than a day , sparrows moved right in with ease . For the money , the box is extremely roughly made - the bottom lift for observation is awkward . Save your money and go to sialis.org for other less expensive ideas . I am disappointed in this product .
 I have had the box for 2 years now . Nice box , but the house sparrows go back to it time and time again . I remove the nest materials while they build and they build again . I made the box more shallow with the block of wood given . I also removed the perch . It does n't matter . The sparrows call it home .
 I installed it and within 15 minutes , the sparrows were building their nest in it , even with the wooden inserts in place , to raise the floor . So , save your money . I 'll be doing some more research to try to keep these pests out , after they have just raided the blue birds nest in my old blue bird house .
 The day I put up the bird house a sparrow moved in . This bird house -LRB- rather expensive -RRB- does no better job of keeping out sparrows than your ordinary and cheaper bluebird house . Do n't bother .
 I bought this item for the 2010/2011 winter season . It was very cold/snowy/icy in Indianapolis and it worked very well despite record snow/ice and cold . Even had 5 doves sitting in it keeping warm when it ran dry . Plugged it in this winter and it no longer heats . Seems like it should last longer than one season .
 I had all sorts of issues mounting this birdbath . I followed the instructions and mounted it to the railing but as i tightened down the bolts , the other side with out the bolts would rise up the more i tightened , till it came off the railing completely . After some toying around i was able to get it in place but then it would not lock in place . So i took everything off and it appeared to me that the bracket had warped when i was tightening the bolts . At this point i gave up and returned the item . looks like no water for the birds in my yard .
 I purchased this bird bath over a month ago and still do not have it up . The bracket is made for a 4x4 post and my railing is n't that big ... I 've had to make numerous trips to the hardware store to figure out a solution to get it to fit . There are two size bolts and neither one was long enough for a smaller railing and the bracket is n't long enough either so when you screw the bolts in they slip below the bracket and will not hold it in place . Maybe once I figure out how to attach it securely , then I might be happy with it.It arrive quickly and eventually I think the birds will like it , but that remains to be seen .
 The bowl and mounting system are very flimsy . I installed it on a flat railing ... but when I put water in it the bowl swayed and bent and spilled water out .
 This is the worst product I 've ever purchased from Amazon . The design is terrible . The mounting screws do not line up with the mounting plate , which distorts the shape of the mounting bracket so the tilt latch does not hold . Very cheap and frustrating design .
 This product arrived without the required mounting brackets and had to be returned because , we were informed , it is no longer available .
 This is a pretty cheap unit and it does n't mount well to a 4 x 4 post . The mounting looks to be made for a 8 in post . They supply short bolts for mounting to the 8 in post and longer bolts for mounting to a 4 in post but it is really wobbly when mounted . It does not sit level and I have had to modify it to keep it to stay straight , especially when it is full of water . There is only one screw holding the plastic bowl to the mounting bracket and I can tell this is not going to hold up.I wish someone had previously reviewed this item so I would have known to avoid it and purchased something better from my local garden supply store .
 I just bought this bird bath and am tempted to return it . The brackets do not fit together , so the bowl does not clip onto the railing properly . It is unstable and not level . It is just poorly made and definitely not worth the money .
 This bird bath 's mounting bracket is woefully inadequate and does not secure the bath to a railing . At all . There is no way to easily modify it to make it work . It would be easier to create a new mounting bracket with material from a hardware store than it would be to alter the existing bracket to make it even marginally functional .
 The mounting bracket I received with the birdbath was defective . The bracket has two metal pieces . One piece attaches to the deck railing , which worked on my 2 x 6 top rail . The other metal piece attaches to the birdbath with a single screw which barely holds it in place , and handling the birdbath can easily cause the piece to unscrew and come loose . The defective part was that the slot where one metal piece is supposed to slip into the other piece and lock in place . The slot was not wide enough , by a fraction of an inch , to allow the metal piece attached to the birdbath to slip inside . Therefore , the birdbath could only be placed on the deck at an angle , one side would sit against the deck , while the other side sat about 1/2 inch higher where the slot was too narrow to allow it to slip down . I could have found a shim to hold it level , but since there was no locking mechanism to hold it in place , I feared the whole thing would fly off in a wind . This product is being returned .
 The concept for this birdbath is great but the execution leaves a lot to be desired . It attaches with a ` friction ' type clamp and has a lock tab that is supposed to engage an opening on the deck side of the clamp.The tab does not engage and the mount itself is very easy to loosen with just a little motion . Do not waste your time or money on this piece of plastic . I 'd say it was for the birds but I doubt it would stand up to much aviary use .
 API 645 Bird Bath Bowl with Tilt-to-Clean Deck Rail Mounting BracketIt would be a great birdbath if it were designed so that it can be mounted so as not to tilt over . I followed the directions to the letter , and it still wabbles all over the place . I even tried putting a brick under it to stablize it ; it does n't help . I will keep it because it 's already on the deck , but barely . It seems others have had the same problem , I guess it all depends on the measurements of your deck railing or whatever you installing it to fit on . In my case , it does n't work.Bought it thru Amazon .
 I loved this bird feeder at first . It is really beautiful . It has a clear plastic insert that goes inside to keep the seed dry and the seed does stay dry most of the time except in a really hard downpour.My complaint is , that I 've only had it a short time and it already fell apart at the hinges . Then I realized upon inspection that they did n't even really connect the top hinges very well at all . There are holes in the hinge , but it looks like it was just lightly soldered on . No wonder it came apart at the hinge . This caused it to fall - it did n't fall very far but hit the deck and the inside plastic cracked.I really love how it looks . It is by far the favorite feeder I 've had concerning aesthetics . However , it 's not worth the price if it does n't even make it through one summer without falling apart . I hope they fix this flaw . Just a little extra effort in the factory and this would be perfect .
 This never ran well . The fuel line was installed poorly - I had to change it because it did not go deep enough into the tank and after a half tank of gas , would start to stall . Also , the carb never worked right and does not hold rpm steady . Spend a little more , get a little more ...
 After using it for the first time for about 30 minutes the Wand blew off and cracked the tip off when it hit the floor . After calling for a replacement under warranty I was told it is not covered and I would have to purchase the hose , gun and Wand as one unit for $ 46.00 . I just need the Wand . I am willing to purchase it but not for $ 46.00 . The unit is unseable as the locking components do not match up with replace parts on the market.I always taught McCollugh was a quality product for the price , but I quess I was wrong .
 The construction of the parts is of very poor quality . My nozzle broke in shipping . I ordered a replacement , but that was 8 weeks ago . Ask them on status and I get `` Its on back order '' .
 Item was received missing parts and the instruction manual . Instruction manual is not available online . Navigating the McCulloch site to discover that parts were missing was not particularly convenient.I do n't know how long it will take to get the missing parts , but now I am faced with borrowing or renting another one while waiting . Arriving DOA counts as an automatic fail by my reckoning .
 I bought this under the impression that I could use it to clean my patio . It proved useless . It was barely strong enough to remove everything . I called up McCulloch and a woman with a near-indecipherable accent told me that this unit is n't meant for patios and that I would need a 3000 PSI unit . I appreciate her honesty , but my uncle has a 1500 PSI pressure washer that works just fine for patios . 1600 PSI should be more than enough . This unit is just plain useless .
 The unit worked fine for about three hours then the nozzle would no longer adjust to full power stream . Could not replace just the tip - had to buy the entire wand so I ended up spending a few hours to build tools necessary to free up the nozzle adjust mechanism . Second season the `` plastic '' hose coupler broke . This is a poorly designed part and you have to be extremely careful not to stress it - good luck . This part is $ 10 + shipping from McCulloch except they no longer make it and nobody has it in stock . I went to -LSB- ... -RSB- and ask where I might find a similar part . It turns out that this is a fee service and for $ 37 a technician would tell me how to solve my problem.Forget McCulloch , there are better options when you need power tools
 I bought this three weeks ago and it got here on time . I put it to work the next day but it lasted all of the first three minutes . It sputtered and died after that and I was asked to return it . My experience with amazon 's return process was great . Terrible product . Dont buy it .
 Not a big deal , but the product features are inaccurate . I contacted Amazon and they refuse to change the wording . It says `` no assembly required . '' It requires two tools to assemble this table . Amazon makes no sense when I contact them and they say their description is correct even though I emailed them a photo with the tools on the table . What is wrong with Amazon customer support these days ?
 One of the nuts used to attach the table top to the legs was defective . Fortunately , I was able to get the bolt to catch enough to hold securely . Should it fail , a fix is n't that difficult . Still , there is a definite lack of quality control . I notice the price has tanked - perhaps Amazon is tired of returns and is selling off inventory.A shame because it 's otherwise a quality product.For what i paid , two stars .
 I also experienced a defect issue . One of the nuts required for assembly was stripped . The nuts are pressed intro the wood so impossible to just run over to the hardware store for a new one . Had to return it , am hoping the replacement unit does not exhibit the same problemStrathwood Kapur Wood Folding Bistro Table
 this table was quite nice at first , but after only a few weeks the laminated potions of the table top are warped . I was very pleased at first but am now disapointed in the quality .
 I 'm puzzled by all the positive reviews here . We bought this table top and within a few weeks , the top turned black due to moisture outside . This is an outdoor table that ca n't be left outdoors ! We purchased the chairs at the same time as the table and had no problem with them , however .
 I had to return this item . Although it was good looking and appeared well made , it required assembly and the pieces did not fit . One of the legs had threads that were damaged and thus the screw did not attach to the leg . It was very frustrating to attempt to assemble it . Amazon credited my account immediately .
 The product looks well made . However , the insert directs you to go to Strathwoodfurniture.com for assembly instructions . Assembly does not look easy . The website has no such instructions nor contact information . I am a widow that was looking forward to these tables , now I have to pack them up and send them back to Amazon . All because the company was too cheap to insert one piece of paper !
 I bought this netting to replace one over my Koi pond . We have blue heron and racoons so the netting is really necessary . I have a very nice looking pond and do not want a net that takes away from that anymore than necessary . Imagine my surprise when I unroll the net and find a splice from one side to the other . The netting is black and the splice is sewed with white thread and has a lip that hangs down 3 inches . It 's a real eyesore . If it is going to have a splice I think this is something they should tell you . As I said I will go local in the future to see what I am getting . I have bought this size before without any splices and was quite happy with it . Maybe it was a different company .
 Looking more closely at the ` lightweight ' description should have clued me in ... . but this is just plastic ! ` black granite ' was what I was expecting . Priced quite high for plastic !
 I purchased this pump along with a bio-filter -LRB- the pump is to go into the water , the bio-filter sits on dry land next to the pond ; the pump feeds water up to the bio-filter , which filters the water and sends it back into the pond -RRB- . Indeed , the two are often offered together as a packaged deal.The problem
 This feeder looks good but I had to repair it right out of the box . The bottom is attached to the 4 corner posts with tiny screws . The screws were inserted at an angle and had split 2 of the 4 corners . It was cheap so I got out the gorilla glue and fixed it myself . Three months later it seems to be ok .
 Sturdy , well made , easy to clean . However , there is not enough support for ribs from the end and top braces . The ribs will sag , cutting off the air flow for dry roasting . Have tried tying them to the top bar -LRB- messy and awkward -RRB- , but the best solution is to provide additional support behind each rib from the top bar to the bottom of the rack or a supporting pan.Recommendation
 Grill basket comes as advertised and the handles are easy to use and do lock in the two basket pieces so they do not open when you are flipping the food . One issue I had was that the vegetables I tried to grill were falling out the grid opennings . Things like mushrooms and onion slices would shrink as they cooked and with every flip of the basket I had to pick pieces of veggie off the grill . I had expected a smaller grid openning . I have a charbroil gas grill on a fixed post in my yard and the grill surface was not big enough to hold this basket unless I turned the basket 90 degrees placing the handle area over the fire making reattachment a little tricky to turn the food .
 I purchased this netting approximately 1 year ago . Packaging and product description were pretty generic , looked pretty much like standard bulk netting that this company -LRB- and probably many others -RRB- repackages with their name on it . Anyhoo , my wife and I spent most of the growing season patching and repairing this `` quality netting '' . I recommend that you spend the extra money and get higher quality woven nylon netting -LRB- similar to volleyball net -RRB- , if you want to keep the deer out and spend your time in the garden and not fixing the fence . I am pretty sure this fence would keep out deer in about the 20-30 pound range , probably about the size of the deer indigenous to where this netting was manufactured . Save your money !
 I only had this product for a few months before it broke . I thought it was a battery issue since it stopped working one morning . I replaced the batteries ... nothing happened . Finally I unscrewed the top . The wires were frayed and one set was detached . After repeated attempts to keep the wires in place , we gave up . The seal was also broke , so water could seep into the battery pack after that . I contacted the company since it was a craftmanship problem with the wires . They did n't respond . I would not recommend this product . The birds avoided the bath when the wiggler was running anyway ...
 This works OK . If something falls into the birdbath , though , it gets stuck in the wiggler and the wiggler stops working until you remove the material .
 recieved merchandise and it was as reported . only problem is , for us , it ran the birds off . now it sits beside my sink , waiting on another idea for its use . sorry . not such a good product .
 When it works , it 's great . We have a deep birdbath , so I sat ours on a brick in the birdbath . When it ran , it worked great and kept our water clear and seemed to attract more birds . After only a month , our first one quit working and we exchanged it at the local retailer where we purchased it . About a year later , our second unit has already quit working . I 've seen several other reviewers who indicated theirs did n't last long as well . For $ 30 , it should definitely last longer . Considering the issues I 've had with two of these , I doubt that I 'll be buying another one of these .
 This seemed like a good product and worked great for about 3 weeks , and then it quit . I changed the batteries thinking that was the problem , even though they should last longer than that . Well , that was NOT the problem . It just plain QUIT working . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 product would not seal properly therefore batteries would get wet and short out . Too expensive to keep buy D-cell batteries every month .
 I had bought this item a couple of seasons ago and tried it for several weeks . I hate to say it , but it scared the birds away . They would go to the feeders , but would not land in the bird bath . As soon as I removed it , they came back . Also , unless you have a large diameter bird bath , it takes up too much space and that may be part of the problem . My bowl is 20 inches dia. , sloping to 2 '' to 21/2 '' deep and it left little room for bathing without obstruction . Leaving your bowl wide open with fresh , clean water , not too deep , and near enough to trees/shrubs for escape , I found , is the best attractant to birds .
 I was really excited to get this water wigler for my bird bath.But when i received it I was disappointed to find out that it was not a solar water wiggler . It only runs on battieries . There is no on/off switch , so the batteries will not last long with it running all the time . I did not want it to run at night.So I returned it for a full refund . I do n't blame the company , it just was n't what I expected . It is a good product , just not what I wanted.API 4WW Water Wiggler Water Agitator for Bird Baths
 I used it for about a month and the new batteries died ! I thought this was supposed to last at least a couple months !
 The water wiggler performed exactly as advertised . However , it scared the birds away . They flew close to the birdbath and immediately flew away . Very disappointing .
 My bird bath -LRB- in mid Michigan -RRB- is very busy , I have to add water and clean it daily . I thought why not try this attraction ? Amazon sent it in double time as usual . After placeing it in the bird bath I noticed the water level did n't chang for two days . I then removed the unit and changed the water in the b.b. , and within 2 minutes it was full of birds again . I 'll try it again next spring .
 This was the third one I purchased as my other two just stopped working after 2 seasons . This one did n't even last this season . not wasting any more money on these things .
 I was very sorry that I purchased these . I put the little pebbles in the basket with my water plant and when I picked it up ... the basket broke . We have many baskets in our pond but they are thicker and more sturdy . These were made very thin and are worthless . Sorry ... but I speak truth . Not a good purchase .
 Pros :1 . Sucks up leaves and deposits them in a bag .2 . Easy to put together .3 . It 's so small that the swath it cuts will make your neighbors laugh , which is said to add to good health .4 . They hit the under-200 dollar market sweet-spot . Cons :1 . Does n't suck up anything else .2 . Nozzle is small enough to make you wonder if you should bother getting it out of the garage or just get the rake and save your back and the electric bill .3 . Motor is powerful enough to suck up leaves , but not powerful enough to suck up more than a few at a time . If several get stuck in the nozzle you 'll spend more time picking them out and hand-feeding them back into the unit than you would had you just put them in the trash by hand.God bless them for trying , but this item is just a joke . It 's better to spend 160 bux on a 20 gallon shop vac and just suck your leaves up with it instead of wasting your time and money on this offering .
 Beware
 I do not recommend this product . The grids line/squares are not designatred on the entire flat plate of the cutter . So lining up paper is very difficult . If I would have realized that there was no grid lines , I would not have purchased the product .
 This cutter works well - WHEN it works . The problem is that the blades dull out in literally no time . I have needed to use it to cut cardstock paper and at about the 30th cut - it starts to shred the paper . Overall it does a fairly straight job - but I end up going through blades like I do tissues - it really is ridiculous . And on top of the price of the cutter itself , to get 2 replacement blades it is around -LSB- ... -RSB- . This cutter has not been worth it at all for me and the measurements - to add on to it - when you get between the 5 and the 6 it 's almost as if it 's not accurate and difficult to measure ! I tried to cut an 11 '' paper in half at the 51/2 and it is always off enough to notice . It 's very odd actually . Would not recommend this .
 Yes , the paper cutter cuts . Does it cut well ? No.I use this for trimming pictures on photo paper.The little groove where the blade goes when cutting gets clogged with paper residue and makes it hard for the blade to slide . This makes for horrible , jagged-looking paper edges.This is the fourth paper cutter I own and definitely the worst one . Good thing it was cheap because I 'll be pitching it soon .
 Ugh . I am hating this newer model , and regret getting rid of my old gray one . The orange cutting blade finds every excuse to fall out , since the acrylic housing is too flexible . On the old ones , it was much more rigid and the blade stayed in place . I also find I really have to push down hard on the track in order to keep the paper in place while cutting . I 'm so fed up with it that I 'm looking for a new/better one or I might get lucky and find one of the old gray ones .
 I have had this paper cutter for about 5 years . I use it for projects every few months , and it really has n't held up to that much use . The blades are n't that sharp , and the shuttle that holds the blade is able to be angled/wiggled a little within its holder , which can easily lead to slightly crooked cuts if you 're not really careful . This has been frustrating and wastes paper . The cutter is also unsuitable for scrapbookers or card makers who use 12 `` x12 '' paper regularly , as it 's only large enough for 8.5 `` x11 '' . I would recommend saving your money and purchasing a larger , better made guillotine or rotary cutter .
 This trimmer cuts well , however there are not enough measurement marks . If you are trimming a 4 * 6 picture down to a 4 * 3 picture you have the guide at the bottom , but nothing in the middle to make sure you really have it lined up straight . I found I had to really pay attention to the bottom edge of the photo holding it securly against the edge . If you had one that was n't a straight edge guessing is the only option .
 I thought from the other reviews this item would be cheap and exactly what I needed . Unfortunately cheap was the only accurate part and the item broke on first use .
 I ordered this grill for my father for a Christmas present . On Christmas morning he opened it and two pieces of the grill were damaged . Additionally , there was no hardware included . The grill looked as if it had been previously returned by another customer . We never removed it completely from the box.I contacted Amazon immediately . I have sent four emails and made two calls about returning the item . I have received the following two responses
 Actually , that 's just to get your attention . There are some things you should know , not necessarily about the grill , but about the method that Amazon is going to use to get it to you . The shipping weight of the box the grill comes in is 177 pounds -- says so right on the box . Because of the weight , Amazon uses a company called Eagle Logistics to ship the grill . Apparently , according to Amazon , Eagle has some sort of insurance restriction so that the delivery of this product is `` curbside '' or `` liftgate '' which means that the delivery guy will get it off the truck and the rest is up to you . If you live in a house or a ground floor apartment this might not be much of an issue but if you have to negotiate stairs to get it to your apartment it 's a problem . Even with the difficulties associated with hauling a 177 lbs . box down hallways and upstairs , it might be okay if Amazon disclosed that you were going to have to deal with it but nowhere in the ordering process does it mention this important little nugget of information . Personally , I think if they 're going to charge you over $ 100 for shipping , the very least they can do is get the box to your door . I should also mention that the first grill that was shipped to me was damaged at some point on the slow boat from China and I was compelled to stuff all of the pieces back into the box in which came so that it could be returned , which is no small feat considering the number of pieces and the complexity of the packaging . That box still sits on my patio as Amazon negotiates with it 's own internal freight shipping people on how to get it back . If you have 30 to 40 minutes per day to spend on the phone with Amazon customer service -LRB- assuming you can find the number -RRB- and the other issues do n't bother you , by all means , buy this -LRB- or any other -RRB- grill from Amazon . Of course , the grill could still be junk , which seems like a very real possibility given all of the difficulties associated with getting it and the fact that Amazon is going to have to write-off the cost of the first one that was sent to me . Or maybe you 'll get that one ! Now that would REALLY suck !
 I recieved the item quickly , but was not satisfied with the product , it felt very cheap , i honestly dont think it was the right product because it was like stuffed into the box .
 Within the first month the seams started splitting even though cover was large for my tractor . Also the inside lining must be treated as it etched the paint off of my new Deere tractor .
 Well , I still havent been able to get this thing together . Alot of parts is an understatement . Bad instructions . Ace Hardware sent 10 window screens that I didnt order instead of this unit . Bad experience all the way .
 I thought this was a beautifully made product until I used it for a year . Everything was fine until I discovered that the nozzles would n't stay put on the end of the device . They would blow off when the water was put on , and became increasingly difficult to swap out . I discovered that this was due to the fact the manufacturer chose to use mild steel ball bearings in the four bullet catches that hold the nozzles in place inside the handle unit . It 's incredible to me that they would do so , when absolutely everything else on the unit is made of brass . The whole idea is that the sprayer should not corrode . It is used with water , for crying out loud ! After a few months , the bearings had started to rust , and now they wo n't function properly , making it almost impossible to insert the nozzles far enough to catch properly , and stay put . I ca n't get the damn thing apart to replace the bearings , since whatever parts screw together , are completely hidden from view , and in lieu of specific instructions on how to disassemble , it would be very easy to kill this thing by deforming or breaking it entirely by trying useless maneuvers . They really should have spent the extra .05 cents to get stainless steel bearings . Duh !
 I ordered the OEM-190-180 Grass catcher for my 2003 Mower . I was sent the newer , supposedly more expensive model - OEM-190-180A . It did NOT fit . My mower 's discharge chute is a definite rectangle . The opening of the tube on the catcher chute had one corner molded and shaped in a weird way . It would not could not fit . The person at the Outdoor Store was polite and as helpful as she could be , but insisted that it should fit my mower , and was the same as the older model . She gave me a number for the technicians at the factory . I ended out modifying an old part of my retired Cub Cadet grass catcher . Oh Yeah , when I received the box and opened it , one of the bags was broken - the flimsy top plastic rim . Should have been made of metal . It took 2 weeks to be sent a new one , though the Store was good about it . Overall , the whole thing -LSB- except the parts made of metal -RSB- was very flimsy and poorly designed . Definitely not worth the $ 300 + .
 Product looks like it might work , but was shipped without all the parts and three months later at the end of Summer , I am still waiting on MTD to send me the correct parts.I may update this review if I ever get the chance to use it .
 I ordered a bagger for a 38 inch mower and got a bagger for a 46 inch mower the invoice read 38inch . After installing it I found three blades and my mower has two !! Looking at the box it does read 46 inch . So far I have not received an answer if kits contain the same parts except for the blades ! After many email I gave up !! Arnold Ryba
 Hey , Please DO N'T BUY if you have ANY KIND OF HILL ! My mom was using it on a hill and guess what , Her Tractor FLIPPED because of the collector and luckily she ONLY BROKE HER ARM ! The Troy-Built tractor is pretty much Totaled ! The front fell off . The Deck wheels bend totally , and the Bagger is totaled fully ! Please , DO N'T BUY IF YOU HAVE ANY KIND OF HILL ! ... So much of a $ 300 Birthday Present
 It was extremly easy to assemble and mount . Twenty minutes into the first use of bagger the flimsy bungee rubber cord that holds the elbow to mower pops off and the elbow slips under deck and of course gets chewed up before I can stop the machine . Had to order a new elbow at the cost of $ 40.00 more dollars . If this one pops off I am just going to buy the John Deere bagger .
 From one of the reviews , it sounds like the bagger jumps out of the box and attaches itself to your mower , which is hardly the case . Be sure to have tools such as a socket wrench set handy ; you 'll need them . Also beware of trying to compare the parts list with what you receive - they change them without changing the instructions , so use some mechanical sense . Unfortunately , since the bagger fits multiple tractors , you can not use the process of elimination to find the right parts to use . You may have to beat the parts with a small sledge hammer to get them to fit ; I did.Far more serious , however , it the performance of the unit . In a word , it does n't work . Perhaps if your grass is dried up and 1/2 '' long it might work , but if it is healthy , heavy grass it will simply clog up the tube and the bags will remain empty . You will then have to stop the mower and unclog the tube , meaning emptying its contents somewhere . Then you can reassemble it and make another couple passes at your yard before you have to repeat the process . I do n't know why they supply the bags at all , as you might just as well use the tube . There simply is not enough force from the blades -LRB- I just installed new MTD 3-in-1 blades prior to using the bagger -RRB- to throw the heavy grass up into the bags.I wound up covered with grass , from reaching my arm up into the tube to clear it , had to run over the lawn twice as it was n't picking the grass up , and the lawn is still not clean . Save your money and buy a pull sweeper . They work great . I ca n't however , as my money is now sunk in this worthless piece of junk . Even if it worked , it is impossible to see how a couple of pieces of stamped steel and mesh baskets could be worth $ 300 .
 Product received was insufficient to complete project . Had to order additional items at a cost of an additional $ 30 to complete installation . Vendor should note this on site . Note
 After installing there high lift blades and the Arnold FastAttach Triple bag grass collector , I spent more time UN-clogging the dam thing then I did mowing . If you enjoy working harder and spending a lot of time unclogging tubes this is the product for you . The one I bought is a great dust collector , and has been for the last few years .
 I ordered a 5-way manifold as seen in the picture and description , I was replacing a current one I have but was needing to ne replaced . To my surprise I rec a 4-way manifold . I called and complained but they offered a $ 5 . credit . They do not have a 5way manifold.Buyer beware !!!
 The Xanex `` Generator '' is n't a generator at all ; it 's a small rechargeable battery combined with a lamp and one of those cheesy little battery powered tire pumps that sometimes come in roadside emergency kits . In other words it 's a collection of cheesy tools at a premium price.If you want a real generator , get a Honda , but be prepared to spend three times as much . And if you want a portable battery/charger package for running accessories and emergency car starting , there are better units .
 We had the problem noted below but the mfg. did the right thing and replaced it . Terrific and appreciate integrity.We charged it immediately and put it away for our first power failure that did n't happened until last night -LRB- almost a year after buying it -RRB- . It did n't work . One of the fluorescent tubes lit but it would n't take a very small LCD TV.And we ca n't figure out how to contact Amazon about taking it back or exchanging it.Very disappointing from two aspects
 I followed the charging instructions for the Power Pack 300 C . After 48 hours of AC charging , the light was still amber instead of green . The manual said , if the light was amber , wait 15 mins and press a button on the unit that would reveal the charging level . I did this and the unit said it was fully charged . The Power Pack ran a 40 watt table lamp for 4 hours as promissed!However the next time I charged the system the same thing happened . The light was Amber . After waiting 30 mins I pressed the button on the unit but this time it registered `` RED '' . I moved the unit to another outlet and charged it for another 48 hours . Same Result -LRB- RED -RRB- ! I plugged in the 40 watt table lamp and it lasted only 20 mins.I love the idea Xantrex had for a portable electronic generator , however their execution came up a little short on this one . The unit is going back !
 I purchased 2 of these Xantrex compressors . I planned on keeping one the trunk in case of a tire emergency . What a joke !! The compressor started to make a horrible noise about 2 minutes into the tire inflation and never worked again . Well , I had the `` spare '' compressor , but the same thing happened to it.I contacted the company by email and was given a confirmation number stating that technical support would contact me -- that was last week and I am still waiting for an answer . I am very disappointed with the product and more disappointed in the `` support '' , which was just as useless as the item .
 The product shown is not what I received . Friendly Robotics site does n't show a picture of the product so I ca n't tell if mine is a newer version or what . My Robomower is at my parents ' house which is thousands of miles away so I ca n't try this out until next visit . If it does n't work , it will be returned . Even if it works , I feel this charger is grossly overpriced . If I have a choice I wo n't buy it .
 I was eagerly awaiting the arrival of this product . When it came , the box was ripped on both ends . the gripper part of thehandles were dirty and one of them was ripped . Do n't know if that was from shipping . There were no directions enclosed.After spending 45 minutes to get it together I gave up.I was very surprised that you would have to change the pins when you store and then again when you use . Think that would be very difficult as time goes on and you use the product.As a woman , I would have problems changing the pins .
 THIS HAS PRETTY MUCH TURNED ME OFF THE ROBOT MOWER . ORDERED A NEW BATTERY APRIL 30 . STILL HAS NOT EVEN SHIPPED AS OF 5/31/06 , MEANWHILE , I 'M USING NEW BATTERY POWERED WALK-BEHIND . I DO N'T KNOW IF THE NEW BATTERY WILL EVER ARRIVE AND THEN NOT SURE THE ROBO MOWER WILL WORK WHEN IT DOES GET HERE AFTER THIS LONG OF WAIT.VERY POOR , POOR SERVICE.LINDA ROBINSONSEMINOLE , TEXAS
 I purchased this unit to help understand soil PH on my property . I used it on four different dates over the course of two years . I keep it safe , in its original packaging , stored in my home office . It was never dropped or abused . I was always careful in handling it . I keep it clean and dry.On my last attempt to use it , it failed to record any PH reading other than 7.0 . Later lab tests indicated that the soils were very acidic.From my experience , product reliability is not good .
 I bought this meter from a different vender 2 years ago due mainly to its ' sturdy appearance . The problem appeared with my first soil test when it indicated a pH of 7 . Knew it could n't be right because I had never limed to area where I was testing . Double checked with litmus paper and determined the meter to be off by half the scale . My soil actually had a pH of 5.2 . There is no adjustment or calibration possible on this meter . I let it lay around for a while and eventually threw it in the trash .
 I purchased this ramp kit expecting to get a pair of ramp tops and a pair of ramp bottoms . Based on the photos and the description by the manufacturer . Well this kit only contains ramp tops . There are no bottoms in this kit despite the appearance that there is .
 The construction quality of the drip pan was very good , however the design left a lot to be desired . I bought them for protection for my stovetop but the center hole is so big it 's pretty much useless . Just makes another thing to clean .
 I purchased the Range Kleen SGP-400 Chrome Square Gas Pan which stated in the Product features it was sold in pack of 12 for 3.50 which I though was a great deal instead they ship me one unit . They should never say pack of 12 on the website if it was not true . Ill never shop with this seller again.Product FeaturesChrome square gas panSold in pack of 12Manufactured to the Highest Quality Available.Design is stylish and innovative . Satisfaction Ensured.Great Gift Idea .
 The unit was easy to assemble . It is a bit on the noisy side , as other reviewers have mentioned . Also , it is sometimes hard to get stable on a slightly slanted yard . If you are serious about doing leaf shredding , then you 'll want to set the machine on top of a tarp and move it around the tarp as the piles of shredded leaves mound up under the machine.The biggest downfall is how fragile it is
 Machine is quick to clog when leaves are slightly wet . Requires frequent stopping to unclog . Red string cutters wear out quickly , have to be replaced often . I think machine would do well if leaves are completely dry , but that is not often the case here in Oregon .
 Photos indicate a large unit sturdily built like my 15yr old shredder . Not so , the parts do not fit together , the hopper is only 15 inches across and would hold only a small amount of leaves . The black hopper attachment is a flimsy piece of plastic , Guess where this was made ! I am hoping to return mine . Customer service at Flowtron recommended using oil to get the upper and lower units in place ! When that did n't work , they offered to send another top unit as there have been alignment problems .
 I should n't have believed the ad copy that said it would shred paper . Maybe it does a better job on leaves . I 'm a doctor , who has years of old records that need to be shredded . I 'd hoped to add them to my compost pile.The instructions were adequate , not exceptional . I put in just a few papers to try it out . The machine was quite noisy , as others have mentioned . If I 'd gone through the amount of paper I planned to , I would have needed protection for my ears , since it would have been hours at that deafening volume.One of the self-locking nuts that attaches the motor to the bottom part of the housing came off in the first * 90 seconds * . Mind you , this IS N'T one of the nuts that the user puts on , but is one of the nuts that is installed at the factory.However , I was still game to try , until it began snowing on my son and me . As many shreds of paper flew up through the funnel and on the sides of the unit from the can as actually landed in the bottom of the can.It was utterly useless for my need , which was one of the uses listed in the ad copy . If I thought it was safe -LRB- remembering the loose factory-installed nut -RRB- I might hang on to it until the fall , and try it on leaves . As it is , I 'll be trying to figure out how to send it back .
 We tried to use this product . It jams up very easily unless you just sprinkle the leaves in . We had 22 bags of leaves ; would have taken us an entire day of `` sprinkling '' to get through all those leaves . The legs are really short - what bag besides a paper grocery bag is this going to sit over ? And regular leaf bags are too tall for a garbage can , which it fits on.However , when it is grinding up leaves , it does grind them up as fine as advertised . We ended up packing it up and sending it back . We received the refund promptly .
 I tried only few minutes and I did not like it for two reasons :1 -RRB- not rugged as it should be . Both the hopper and the body are very unstable . Hopper was broken when it arrived .2 -RRB- shredded leaf does not come down smoothly . Openings in the bottom are not well designed .
 i bought this in hopes of shredding straw ... . nope , it wo n't do it . guess i 'll keep looking .
 PRODUCT USES 4 STRANDS OF .080 LINE - COMBINATION OF GAP BETWEEN ENDS OF LINE & HOUSING AND LARGE OPENINGS BELOW LINES CAUSES LEAVES TO JUST SPIN AROUND . GET BETTER RESULTS USING WEEDEATER WITH .065 LINE IN PLASTIC TUB WITH HOLE CUT IN LID .
 Just a few comments here . Below I have copied text directly from the product description . I will comment in ALL CAPS to separate my comments from the text of the product . Also in all fairness , I do n't own this item , but I 'm looking , and I just found these conflicts odd , lastly I can give them at least one big thumbs up in their add is Actually for a leaf shredder , want a laugh ? Go check out the Greenworks shredder . Their add rants about the evils of gas lawn mowers ??? How does that sell shredders ?? And then says it is not to be used on Leaves ???? At least this company KNOWS what it 's selling.Electric leaf shredder and mulcher21-inch hopper ; reduces 8 bags of leaves to 1 bag ; 30 to 1 mulch reductionUHMMM WOULD N'T THAT BE AN 8:1 REDUCTION ??? JUST HOW DOES ONE GO FROM EIGHT BAGS TO ONE BEING A THIRTY TO ONE RATIO ??? 36 heavy-duty cutting lines and legs includedOMG ... . THIS THING IS AN OVERGROWN WEED WACKER !!!! IT USES CUTTING LINE , NOT BLADES ????? 16 pounds ; limited 1-year warrantyWHY SUCH A SHORT WARRANTY , OTHERS OFFER MUCH LONGER ?? Product DetailsItem Weight
 I have had this unit for about two seasons on a 1/4-acre lot with a number of mature trees - tulip , oak , elm , and Norway maple . On average , we probably have 50 bags worth of leaves per year here . My motivation for mulching our leaf matter is that it 's pretty silly to be buying fertilizer and mulch in the spring , when the garden is making it in the fall for you . I have found that fine-ground mulch is an excellent ground cover for the winter and that it breaks down almost completely by spring.While the Flowtron 800 has sort of worked , I never was completely happy with the unit because of its numerous shortcomings . The Flowtron consists of a cone inside a cone that feeds leaves to a trimmer head below . On the side of the unit , a handle allows you to adjust the size of the openings on the bottom of the Flowtron , which in turn adjusts the size of the mulch coming out . The Flowtron 800 is a very lightweight unit , which makes carrying it quite easy . However , the bendy legs are short and not very stable.On the one hand , the low height of the unit makes loading more leaf matter easy , on the other hand it also means that you have to keep moving the unit around as you shred leaf matter so that the mounds of mulch do not come close to the electric motor -LRB- housed inside the black cylinder hanging from the bottom of the unit -RRB- . Otherwise , you 'll impair the ability of the motor to cool itself . This fall , my Flowtron finally failed completely after leaf debris bypassed the installed filters and clogged the electric motor , causing it to seize . While the unit has one external filter -LRB- easy to clean , on the side by the power switch -RRB- there is also an inaccessible internal filter -LRB- for a different set of air intake holes on the underside of the unit -RRB- which can shift from its installed spot and hence allow unfiltered air into the motor -LRB- which is how my motor failed -RRB- . That the makers of the Flowtron did not restrain this filter in any way is a design defect , IMO.Unfortunately , even when the Flowtron is working , its performance can only be described as marginal . Only if you use the driest and fluffiest of leaves and drop them in quasi-individually will it produce a fine mulch that does not clog the machine within 5-10 minutes . Any twig thicker than 1/8 '' and longer than 3 '' will typically clog inside the machine , preventing the rotating plastic trimmer lines from reaching all plant matter behind them . Thus , get used to turning off the machine periodically to clear any twigs you may have accidentally dropped into the unit . I found it helpful to use the time between dropping new leaf matter in -LRB- while the previous set was getting mulched -RRB- to search the next leaf batch for twigs . But the rate of progress is slow.Frequently shutting the machine off to check for over-sized debris is especially important if you value the longevity of the trimmer line that Flowtron encloses - the OEM lines wear very quickly . I had much better luck using non-OEM trimmer line like the 0.095 '' / 2.5 mm RinoTech stuff at Home Despot . Cut it to the right length using one of the existing cords as a template , then enjoy 5x longer performance than with the OEM trimmer line . But even the Rino trimmer line was no match for twigs . Replacing the trimmer strings often is key to maximizing performance , whether you use OEM string or not . I even considered going with a bladed trimmer replacement head , but then the early demise of the motor cut that project short.Also check the underside of the machine to see if something has clogged the exit chutes - it happens quite often - and if so , shut the machine off and clear from below . Watch out for stringy plant matter like Hostas - before the trimmer line can chop them up , their stems will wrap themselves tightly about the trimmer line axle . One upside of the open design of the Flowtron is that clearing blockages is quite easy -LRB- i.e. no tools required -RRB- . Like most shredders , the Flowtron is not a great match for leaves that are wet . But the Flowtron is perhaps more sensitive than the competition , as moist mulch will quickly clog the machine.I presume that the funnel-in-funnel design of the Flowtron is supposed to prevent the machine from ejecting plant matter from inside trimmer area , but it does n't stop all of them ... so wear good protection around the machine
 I was able to do 4 loads before the motor died . Not very well constructed either . Kind of flimsy for the amount of money spent .
 We bought one from Amazon in the spring of 08 -LRB- 1 yr warranty -RRB- the warranty is n't worth much given you only use the unit within a short fall season . Our old electric shredder lasted 12 years and the motor was still going when we gave it away because the upper body had developed a crack . This one died the second time we used it this fall . Do n't buy unless you like buying one for each season .
 Do n't buy this product if you live in Michigan or any other location where your autumn is short and wet . This thing will not handle wet leaves . Period . The instructions tell you to not to put wet leaves in it , but here the leaves are never anything but wet -LRB- except this year -- 2009 -- which is unusually dry and warm , but this is the exception to the rule -RRB- . Usually our autumn is like this
 I regret to join the disappointed people who gave One star to this product , and strongly discourage anyone who would consider purchasing it . I do always carefully follow operation instructions , especially when it comes to expensive and potentially dangerous tools , and this time was no different . I do claim I was careful , I operated in the lightest mode -LRB- coarsest shredding -RRB- , and I periodically gave the unit some rest time while cleaning small twigs from inside to keep it from clogging and let it cool down . To no avail - ONE HOUR , that 's all it lasted . Then the motor started smoking and it was over.Further , if I have to rate bad customer services I 've ever had , this Flowtron company is the undeniable champion . I called several times the number they provided in the package , and all I got was answer machine . Each time I called I left a clear message and repeated my phone number , but none called me back . I 've seen bad customer service , been on hold for hours , but never ever had NO RESPONSE.I will be very careful not to purchase anything from this company in the future . There are other manufacturers of mulchers on the market . It was my mistake to disregard the negative reviews for this product .
 Assembly was easy and instructions were easy to follow . Following the instructions in the book I coarse shredded the leaves and then fine shredded them . Worked great for about 20 minutes and then stopped running . There was a lot of leaf dust everywhere so I got out the compressor and cleaned the dust out of the filter , motor , and anywhere else I found it . It starts but will only run for 5 to 10 seconds before tripping the reset . I 've had much better luck with equipment I buy from a discount chain -LRB- can I say HF 's name here ? -RRB- -- I pay half as much and they are more durable . If you are willing to spend this much save your pennies a little longer and buy a real leaf/lawn vacuum . Besides chopping up the leaves it will save you from most of the raking.To be fair , the manufacturer repaired the shredder and it has worked better since the repair . I would raise the rating to three stars at this point .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT , or any product from this company . This is the kind of company that tarnishes Amazon 's image . I purchased a LE-900 and it came to me with parts and hardware missing . The unit itself is flimsy in construction and not very well designed , as many parts , like the upper and lower hopper are out of alienment . I 'm a mechanical engineer and I know marginal design when I see it . Having said that , I thought I could cobble the thing together , if I had the missing parts . Adding insult to injury , when I called the company to get the missing parts the customer service guy was rude and uncooperative . He actually argued with me about procedure and policy in matters of missing items . Enough already , who needs the frustration !! I 'm boxing this unit up and sending it back !
 Worked great at first . Used it for light duty mulching for two seasons . It was only used about an hour a day 3-4 days per season . Pulled it out on Saturday to use and it worked great for one day . I went to use it the following day , and before I could even load leaves into it the motor died . When not in use it was stored covered and in the garage . Will not be repurchasing .
 It made it into the second year motor started sounding funny I changed the trimmer line noticed the motor shaft was very hot turned it on without the cutting line on the shaft was wobbling back and forth like the top bearing was shot 136.00 for a season and a half you decide if that is a good deal .
 I purchased this to help mulch the large amount of pine needles I get in my yard each year . It did a great job mulching . And I loved using the pine needle mulch in my flower beds . It got used only 2-3 times in the summer , but for extended time periods -LRB- takes about a half day to clear up all the pine needles -RRB- . I think I was pretty reasonable about not overloading , and pine needles are very light , but the motor burned out after only a year and half -LRB- after warranty had expired -RRB- . That really is not a good return for what the product cost .
 Anything other than soft dry leaves will cause the flimsy string trimmer line -LRB- the `` blade '' -RRB- to break instantly . A single twig 1/4 '' in diameter or a watermelon rind is enough . It does n't work well for paper either.If you want nicely mulched leaves , use a bagging lawnmower instead . We do n't even have any grass , but we use a small electric lawnmower instead to chop up our leaves/sticks/kitchen scraps/paper for composting and it works beautifully .
 I bought this unit last fall . It 's light and easy to set-up and use , but after one fall it 's pretty much shot . I made about 100 cuft of mulch from the leaves in my yard . In processing that many leaves I inevitably put some sticks , bark and small rocks through the unit . After that , the main body of the unit has three holes punched in it and several cracks one of which runs about one third of the way around . I 'll need to get a new shredder for this fall .
 I did not really need this item , because i was of the opinion that the leaves would be shredded more fine that it is doing now , so i have used it once , and thats it . Winston Stoute .
 The motor died the 2nd time I used it . Buy a blower/mulcher or mower/mulcher instead . This is a complete waste of money !
 This device worked , if we were very careful about not putting very many pine needles or leaves into it at a time , for about an hour . Then it died . So we returned it .
 Jams easily . Clearing the jam could cost you a finger . Not an efficient piece of equipment .
 I would not recommend this product . I knew in advance that it had its limitations - just about anything will clog it and cause it to stop working . However , the motor on ours quit working shortly after we began using it . I called the company and to their credit , they mailed me a new motor . I thought to myself during that call that they seemed to really grasp the issue - almost like it was a recurring problem . Anyway , the second motor also stopped working shortly after installation . The company 's warranty policy seems to be something like `` you mail it in at your expense and we will look at it . '' No refunds . I 've already sunk enough time and money into this product . Bottom line , maybe we got a dud - twice - but the product is junk , in my opinion . Save your money and deal with people who stand behind what they sell
 I purchased this before I knew what is really required for my lawn . I have a wooded lawn where I have plenty of leaves and twigs falling from Spring to Winter.This product uses replaceable plastic strings to shred the leaves and they are NOT effective when they hit a twig . The plastic strings just disintegrate and are gone within a few minutes if your pile has a couple of twigs.Now I am in the market for a shredder/mulcher which can handle twigs and leaves .
 Parts missing , instructions do n't match parts , flimsy construction , under-powered motor that burns out in a week . If you only want to shred a bag or two of dry leaves then this product is for you . Otherwise , do n't bother with this piece of garbage .
 I bought one of these a year ago . As other reviews say , it 's slow-going , especially if the leaves are wet , as they always are when fall rolls around here in rainy Vancouver . Still it gets the job done , until it breaks , that is.The basic idea of putting a weed-whacker in an enclosure is a good one . The problem here is the execution . The plastic container broke in several places soon after we used it for the first time -LRB- last fall -RRB- . I was able to deal with that by adding four bolts . I then discovered the threads on the nylon screw that holds the nylon-cutter-holder to the shaft of the motor were stripped . It 's an odd size , probably metric . There are other problems . Enough ! I just posted a freebee ad for it in Craigslist . At this point I just want it gone.For its price , I did n't expect sterling quality , but neither did I expect complete junk . I 'd say $ 60 would be a fair price for it . It seems like someone worked up an initial design , then employed every conceivable measure to minimize its cost of production .
 I found the scoop hard to assemble and the entire unit to be very cheaply made . It does chop the leaves dumped into it very well ... when it works . I had to change the line five times in the course of an hour . If you have pristine dry leaves without twigs or acorns if will probably work -LRB- although you must wear the supplied safety glasses or you will get an eyeful of dust -RRB- . My yard has wet leaves with tiny branches hidden in the refuse so it constantly jammed the unit , once I had to find the reset switch to get going again . It 's now stored in my basement and I consider it a $ 200 piece of junk to donate to the thrift store someday .
 I used this twice according to instructions and it no longer works . I specifically bought it because it had a pine needle setting , but I would not recommend it for this . I am also disappointed with the service help I have received . It is unclear to me who is reponsible to take care of the non-working product - Amazon or Flowtron .
 I just burned out my second one ! The first thing that gets me about this item is that they come with a 5A motor , not 8A as described -LRB- I mean , just turn the thing over and it says 5A right on it , not to mention the breaker is 5A ... -RRB- . The motor is also not sealed or dust proof - which would make more sense on something like this that is a dust , particle producing machine.Needless to say - I hate this thing ! I have hundreds of bags of leaves to mulch and I get through about 20 dry bags of maple leaves and the motor burns out on me ? This is crazy ! You would think they would lose money selling these crappy motors , but apparently there are enough people who buy them and keep them with dead motors or something.At least I bought from Amazon and I can keep getting replacements or my money back . I guess I will have to figure something else to get my leaves chipped up . : -LRB-
 The product was shipped on time and service from Amazon was good . The product was not easy to assemble , and appears to be cheaply made . While it eventually does what it claims to do -LRB- shred leaves -RRB- , it is slow and tedious . I have to put the leaves into the machine and coax them through the grinder . I should have bought a blower/vacuum combination with a metal blade . I would have gotten a better price value for my money .
 Total design disaster . I had no problem putting the legs on this thing , but the top circular piece refuses to stay together and in place . I spend more time repairing it -LRB- with ducktape -RRB- than I do mulching leaves . Perhaps at $ 53 it 's a deal , but not when you pay full price -LRB- as I did -RRB- . Also , be aware that getting twice as many leaves into a bag makes it very heavy and lifting the bag afterwards is difficult .
 I purchased in order to reduce amount of leaves and time to bag . This product can only handle a few leaves at a time . It is very labor intensive and takes too much time to load . You have to stop and un-clog the leaves if you put in too much . It will also not handle the small sticks that are attached to the leaves . Money would have been better spent hiring it done .
 JUNK Just like the other one star reviews.The motor wo n't last more than one year.Buy a WORK WG430 It has a much better motor .
 This is a great product and one you wo n't find in stores . It is well worth seeking out . This reduced my large yard 's leaf waste to a fraction of what it was - and it 's kind of fun to do ! One of the handiest things I have ever bought - highly recommend it . A little slower going when the leaves are wet , but it still tears through them . If you have a lot of leaves in the fall , treat yourself to this helpful yard appliance!Update 2010
 This shredder is a huge disappointment . It took two people to put it together , then worked a maximum of 20 minutes before it died . I put in nothing but dry leaves from last fall 's leaves and did n't overload the machine . I turned it off while I gathered another pile of leaves together but , when I tried to turn it back on , nothing happened . I checked the reset button , the circuit breaker , the power cord , everything . Nothing . This thing was dead after only 20 minutes of operation!I called the company but missed their return call . I called back ... 3 times ... but they would n't return my call again . I finally tried emailing them and received a return email a few days later telling me that they could set up a return in order for them to fix the problem or I could notify the vendor to get my money back . The vendor told me it was the manufacturer 's problem , not theirs . -LRB- Needless to say , I wo n't deal with that vendor -LSB- Burpee -RSB- again , either . -RRB- I 've never been so disappointed in ANYTHING I 've ever bought ! We have over 3 acres so we have a lot of yard-type machines and this is the cheapest -LRB- not least expensive ... I mean cheapest ! -RRB- , most disappointing yard tool I 've ever purchased plus dealing with the manufacturer is quite frustrating.I definitely do NOT recommend this product .
 This company makes two shredders . The one with three legs for 119.00 with a five amp motor or the supposed the U-shaped leg configuration -LRB- #le -900 -RRB- for 179.00 with a an 8 amp motor . . You may as well buy the cheaper one because they are going to send you that machine anyway . First , the Le-900 has a five amp motor not an 8 amp and when you as a consumer are paying the extra money for that motor and you get something else it is misleading.There was another review that mentioned this . I thought it must have been a mistake , apparently not . Which would mean that they are intentionally selling a product that is n't what it says it is.Second the leg stand is poorly designed anyway and you dont really need to use it because it just takes up more room where-ever you store it.This machine is designed to shred leaves . It is not a mulcher like it says . It is literally a weed wacker built into a can . It is loud , and it throws debris around the area you are using it.It does shread leaves , not at a 30
 we bought one of these a year ago . We have probably 40 trees in the backyard . enormous piles of leaves . year prior we had 50 + bags of leaves at the street , so we got this thing to reduce the number of bags we used . it did the job , but it went through every single cord . as i recall there were something like 25-50 cords that came with it , and the replacement cords are rather pricey . it would , however , be much better if there were some way to use weed eater cord off of a spool . That would be more cost efficient . i would not recommend this product .
 I bought the Flowtron in Nov on ' 01 . Assembly of this was not easy . Some of the parts fit poorly . Instrutions were poor . Safety glasses - NONE . Finally got it together , took it outside and ???? the moment you drop a stick in it you hear a high pitched whine and the strings need to be replaced . The thing works like a string trimmer . The problem is the strings are a royal pain in the rear to replace . The learning curve to run this thing is steep . It works best when the leaves are 100 % dry . Any wet leaves ... forget about it . It has several settings , from fine to coarse . Virtually nothing will go thru it in the fine setting.Question is ... does it chop up the leaves . Yep . But bending over and over to pick up the leaves is tough on the back . And changing the strings is a chore . And ... when you run out of the strings they give you ???? No order form for new ones . And you ca n't run to the hardware or home depot to get some because they are custom cut to length.Would I buy it again . Nope .
 This product is pretty OK , ca n't hold a candle to the machine it replaced . Buyers , be aware of what you are looking at ; it 's a string trimmer with a hopper . My first use was a big disappointment . The setting for `` wet '' should be defined better . I believe they mean fresh cut grass trimmings , not soggy from the unmulched compost pile . Further warnings should be given . Always wear safety goggles at least , or better still , a full face shield as stems , sticks stones and dirt will fly right back out at you . Hearing protection is advisable -LRB- 28db minimum -RRB- as the noise level feels like above 80 , like a vacuum cleaner . Never ever feed sticks , stones , pine cones or bark . The machine has a hard time with hollow wastes like lily stems and stringy greens like ivy and cat tail leaves . Watch the axel for spinning tangles , as there is no stripper or guards to prevent that.At no load the motor sounds like the second d above middle c . When the motor rpm sounds like a major third lower -LRB- the third note of Mary had a little lamb -RRB- you are reaching the load limit . I mention this because the box states that it can `` Shred as fast as you can load '' . In manual , it says to load one hand full at a time for wet , two hand fulls of dry . I can load a whole lot faster than that . To prevent overload it should be recommended that you sprinkle in the feedstock , not drop it in and listen to the motor pitch or risk overload excessive wear and breaker trip , which I did first time out . Take your time . To empty a bag of 90 % grass 10 % leaves from my John Deere rear bagger -LRB- 21/2 bushel -RRB- takes about 5 minutes . The Billy Goat bag , -LRB- 8 bushels take over 10 minutes -RRB- . For best results for fine mulch start with the highest setting , then run the product through again at medium and then fine . It 's much more work , but goes faster with less wear on the motor than waiting for the leaves to get ground up to fine in one pass.All in all , it 's pretty OK . It can do the job with a little practice and patience . It 's no roto-hoe , but they 're long out of business . Built a hell of a machine though . For an American made product , it 's rather Chinesey in my book ; the plastic cowling , flimsy frame . Note
 I purchased this based on a limited trash pick up . I have large # of pine needles . This unit does a POOR job on anything larger than old , dried leaves . It 's essentially a string trimmer in a box . The strings tear apart readily . It will run for one , or two hopperloads before you have to stop ... unclog it ... . and replace the nylon cutters.A VERY poor unit for anything other than the lighest of jobs ... -LRB- the catcher works poorly as well ... poor bag seal ... stuff flies all over the place ... a MESS ...
 My situation
 It does not go together well and does not work well . I would not by this for $ 10 after I found out what it can do . a piece of junk .
 This machine asssembles easily and works well . Flowtron went cheap on the parts as it flimsy construction and I do n't expect it to last but a couple seasons . For a few dollars more in better materials , they could have had a great machine that would last many years . The mulcher works well with oak and apple leaves . Sticks eat up the string pretty quick and often clog the machine . You are paying mostly for the idea here
 I had one of these previously , and I think it was slightly better , but maybe I just have fonder memories . I got several years out of the old one , even though I bought it used . My new one seems somehow less rugged , if that 's possible , since the design is n't rugged at all . I think the spinner head has been changed and now has additional plastic parts , because I could not re-attach a metal blade I had made for my previous unit and still had . The motor is -LRB- still -RRB- under-powered , and I 'm not patient enough to load leaves and things this slowly to avoid over-loading the motor and stalling it , while it 's making such a racket . . Bottom line is
 I purchased this LE-900 unit one year ago and used it through one Fall Season . It will shred leaves but also eats the line rapidly . You will spend almost as much time installing new line as mulching leaves . I contacted Flowtron twice by Email about this problem and received no reply . This indicates they do n't have an answer , do n't care , this is OK as they sell more shredder line this way or all of the above . The problem makes the units performance unacceptable and the Customer Support from Flowtron also unacceptable . This unit does not meet the standards I have come to expect from the equipment Amazon advertises and sells .
 This is a great item while it works - and if you can assemble the rickety thing . I do n't think they could have made it much more cheaply than they did unless they made it smaller . The second time I was using it , the motor stopped dead less than five minutes into mulching without any warning whatsoever . The company has a recording instead of live , phone customer service , so you get no help and no satisfaction . I now have an enormous pile of leaves in my yard , and not enough bags , time , or daylight to bag the old fashioned way . I am not happy with this leaf mulcher.When it did work , the mulch was great , dust went everywhere of course , but the huge pile of leaves was reduced very quickly . The string line that spins to mulch was very worn , and looked like it might need to be replaced after just one use . I was not impressed with this , and wondered if a better material might help it to last.My advice
 This piece of equipment lasted one 1 and 1/2 seasons of leaf mulching ! It always smelled hot when running . No amount of pressing the reset button will bring it back to life now . It runs for a few seconds and quits . I really need it this time of year . I sent an email to Flowtron about getting it repaired a week ago and have n't heard from them.I would NOT recommend this machine!Don ' t waste your money .
 fine for yards with one or two trees . First one I bought lasted 5 + years and this is doing about 40 bags/yr on my one acre site . Reduction is about 2 bags tightly packed down to one bag . Bought a new one last year , have done approx . 20 bags and unit is faltering . Definately more cheaply made than the previous one I owned . Underpowered -- have to feed the leaves in a handful at a time . Doubt this new one will last more than 2 years -- junk-look for something better .
 I bought this mulcher in November and have had nothing but trouble with it since . The motor is n't strong enough to handle the amount of leaves it claims . I 've had to clean out the motor quite a few times . The dust gets by the filter and builds up in the motor housing . Today the bushing that holds the motor shaft came loose and jamed the motor up and popped the breaker . If your not handy with fixing things save your money and do n't buy this machine .
 I bought my mulcher three years ago . The first year it worked fine . The second year , I did not use it , but this year which is the third , I had just began using it , and the top bearing in the motor came apart releasing its ball bearings , making a racket and eventually jamming the motor and tripping the circuit breaker . I thought it was materials in the motor but once to took it apart I saw the problem . I have only been used it on leaves ; so , I must conclude that it is poorly designed . Otherwise , it worked fine when it worked .
 I have a half acre of leaves to mulch in a forested area at my cabin . You have to be careful about feeding it ... no small branches . I spent too much time going through the pile of leaves that I raked removing small branches , e.g. 1/4 inch diameter .
 This thing can not handle leaves of any kind and is poorly made . The motor choked on just a few handfuls of leaves , the base is very unsteady and wobbly and the cutting lines wore down to nubs in about 30 seconds . If you like spending your time replacing the cutting lines repeatedly and barely spending time mulching leaves , then this thing is the mulcher for you . This contraption saved no time whatsoever and caused more headache than it 's worth . I am demanding a refund from Amazon.com for selling me this substandard gimmick that has no use in yardwork .
 The funnel does not fit properly , simple as that . Motor is strong and chomps leaves , but it tends to get clogged . Your instinct is to clear the mess w / your hand , bad idead.I would only recommend this unit for a 1/3 acre lot w / maple or other soft leaves.Plastic `` blades '' are easy to change.You definitely need ear protection and a good dust mask to operate.I will use this item cautiously , but in hind site , I would not have bought it . Terrible w / oak leaves.Also storage space is a hog for what it does .
 This piece of junk lasted one small yard 's worth -LRB- 8 bags -RRB- before it died ! No amount of pressing the reset button would bring it back to life again.All I got from Flowtron when I called to find out about how to get the warranty honored was a voice mailbox and no call back after a week and two calls.Even if you decide to risk purchasing this thing , it eats through the cutting line like it was Twizzlers . For these few bags I ended up changing the line 4 times ! After other reviews ' warning of this ` feature ' I was very careful to follow the instructions to the letter - to no avail unfortunately.Don ' t waste your money on this thing . Move on .
 I bought this leaf shredder in 2003 Spring and used it for about 10 or 15 bags of leaves . It works pretty well , but is difficultto set up , the stand works loose with just a little use and has to be continually tightened . Parts are difficult to reorder.You have to send a check , the manufacturer does not accept anycredit cards so it sometimes takes 2 weeks to get trimmer line and parts that break . I have already had to replace the spool which holds the cutter line . I have not been able to find any dealer who carries the parts online .
 When this was working , I loved this item . Unfortunately , it only lasted one short fall season . The spinner head got hot and melted . It was replaced for free that first year . The second year I had to replace the spinner head twice in a 2 hour period . If you have more than one tree in your yard , do n't buy this item .
 This is a worthless lawn tool . No matter how light of job you have -LRB- perfectly dried leaves dropped in one at a time -RRB- it ca n't handle it . I sold mine at a garage sell for $ 5 and felt guilty for sticky someone with a worthless product . DON `` T BUY !
 Pros : * Can go where the leaves are -LRB- ie , in a flower bed where you can mulch and spread right in place -RRB- * Makes a fine textured mulch which looks nice in beds and quickly decomposes in compost piles.BIG CON : * Not for a yard with lots of leaves -LRB- we have 12 large hardwoods and smaller trees like dogwoods , too -RRB- . Though we mulch and bag most of the leaves on the grass with a bagger/mower , this unit did not last well even w / just the leaves in the flower beds . It just stopped running , period.For lots of leaves , either get a heavy , large , and expensive unit , or just keep raking , mowing , bagging , and moving the leaves as you mulch them ... and get good exercise , too !
 Worked very good when first used . Very loud . Motor burned out , my have been my fault . Contacted flowtron online site , NO replacement avalable . Must by whole new unit . I bought a WORKS leaf shredder instead .
 Probably a great product in the right environment but did not work well under our conditions . We were raking leaves not off a lawn but directly under oak trees and perhaps this caused the lines to wear down almost immediately . However , the service was great and would order other products .
 I was so excited about getting this product as our yard is full of trees.First 2 days using it were great.Then-stopped running.Hit the reset button-wouldn ' t run.Still not running.Had to hire someone to get rid of the leaves.I 'm so disappointed .
 PURCHASE A DIFFERENT BRAND IN A STORE !!!! Beware purchasing this item on-line . Product does not arrive with hardware listed included . After you purchase this item and receive it - it is too late . There is notification in the package stating do not return to seller - call Flowtron . Horrible horrible customer service.After many calls of automated service telling you no one is available -LRB- during the hours of their listed operation -RRB- and instructing you to leave a message and they 'll get back to you - and , oh , found out they close early on Fridays . After finally reaching an operator and insistent on speaking with a real person , was promised overnight delivery of `` missing '' hardware - it did not happen . Calling back to follow up , Customer Service Supervisor adamantly refused to honor attendants promise . You can wait and get it in about a week -LRB- of course , not received it yet -RRB- or pay for overnight delivery price difference - but that will take a few days delay -LRB- she stated -RRB- while they stop processing , figure out the cost difference and eventually get back to you . Amazon requires customer to pay for return shipping if you return item - big chunk of shipping cost . Be advised - PURCHASE ANOTHER BRAND IN A STORE !!! Will update product performance if and when item 's missing product parts arrive . Hopefully - this planting season or next year ?
 After reading all the reviews I decided to put a load of pine needles in my 30 gallon waste can and use my Black & Decker line trimmer . It worked pretty well especially as the can filled up with mulch . No expense on my part since I already have a weed eater -LRB- Black & Decker -RRB- . Now I just need to do a little refinement such as a Lid for dust and particle containment and possibly some sort of a screen at the bottom so the mulch just falls through when it gets fine enough . Something to think about before spending $ 135.00 plus shipping for something that probably does n't work much better . In addition you do n't have to do any feeding of leaves , just dump them in the barrel and wack em .
 The first time i used it the plastic twines broke within 5 seconds , this was caused by small twigs being mixed up with the leaves , to be fair ? it does say the product is only to be used for leaves ! BUT when leaves fall you usually get some debris from the branches , if you do n't sort this from the leaves then you will have constant problems , the idea was good but unfortunatley the product design is not man enough to do the job . $ 100 + thrown down the preverbally drain
 The whole thing is lightweight plastic of fair to poor construction . Another reviewer complained about the assembly time , I found it fairly quick and easy to assemble . It is flimsy overall none the less and the two piece metal stand is `` coupled '' with a plastic clamp that can , will , and does over time allow the metal tube halves to pull out . The clamps on either side of the unit which the metal tube stand fits in also tend to come loose very often and you will need to tighten these regularly . On a positive note at least these are meant to be tightened by hand while the `` plastic coupler '' is held together with screws requiring a trip into the shed to get a screwdriver when it comes apart . The motor in the one I have , which is the `` BIG '' motor , trips the overload on the motor every few minutes while in use unless there are virtually no leaves in it . That is right there are two sizes of motors are available , at least get the big one if you think you need this shredder . Anyway , through a lot of trial and error if you feed it very slow it will shred leaves . When it works they do take up much less space saving you bags . Not worth the $ though . I have not used up all the spare plastic blades -LRB- very heavy gauge weed eater type string cut into pieces about 12 '' long -RRB- yet but I am dreading trying to find an acceptable replacement at my local hardware store .
 The Flowtron might be a good deal for $ 50 or $ 60 , but is a rip-off at the advertised price . This flimsy machine is poorly designed , cheaply made and difficult to put together -LRB- and I am well experienced at putting things together -RRB- . We followed instructions and did not overload it , but it continued to shut down every 2-3 minutes which required finding the circuit breaker which is inconveniently located under the motor . The second time we used it , the spinner assembly came undone and was lost somewhere in our pile of newly clipped leaves . That ended that and we had to order new parts . That said , we were happy with the mulch which made a good addition to our compost bin and vegetable beds . However , spend a few extra bucks on a mulcher or mulching mower . The limitations of this machine are not worth the effort .
 I first became aware of the poor quality of the shredder during the assembly . Cheap plastic parts that snapped together poorly , the leg bracing and its intergated adjustment knobs that would n't work properly . The product claims to be the ultimate shredder . Within minutes of placing a hand full of dry leaves into the unit it shut down due to an over loaded motor . After locating the circuit breaker , again another poor quality item , the unit would only work when small amounts of leaves were shreded which makes the unit almost useless . I would advise those who are thinking of buying this product to look elsewhere .
 I have 5 large oak trees on my property and they produce a mountain of leaves in the fall . It takes years for them to decompose into mulch if simply left in a pile . So after reading about leaf shredders I purchased an 8 amp Flowtron shredder and used it the fall of 2008 and for part of the fall of 2009 when the motor eventually burned out . I then purchased a 13 amp Worx shredder and have been using that since . Here are my observations about both models that may help you decide which to buy.Both shredders are basically inverted string trimmers with a funnel on top that directs the leaves through the spinning line . With both models you get nicely shredded leaves that turn into good dark mulch when left in a pile for about 6 months . It is a pleasure to be able to reduce a mountain of leaves into a manageable pile of mulch , saving the effort of bagging fall leaves for trash pick up and then buying mulch in the spring . Dry leaves shred faster , but they produce a lot of dust . Damp leaves produce very little dust and go into the mulch pile with some moisture which helps with composting . I prefer using the shredder after a light rain . The Flowtron fits well over a big plastic trash can which is slightly better for managing the shredded leaves . I use a tarp under the Worx which is fine , but I liked the trash can method slightly better . The Flowtron has some features that the Worx does not have , like selecting course to fine shredding , and adjusting the tilt of the bucket . I did n't really use these features and do n't miss them on the Worx.The downside is that these shredders require frequent line changes . The lines snap when they contact anything thicker than a pencil lead and to keep production up I find myself replacing them about every 5 or 10 minutes . I try to pick out the sticks , but inevitably some slip through and snap the lines . The Worx can use a slightly heavier .090 line , but it does n't last appreciably longer than the .080 . The Flowtron has a built-in line storage compartment which is handy since you will be changing lines frequently . The Worx would benefit from a feature like this.In terms of design and build , the Worx is superior . Its motor is powerful , it is nicely constructed and the power switch is easy to locate and operate with gloves on . Out of the box there is much more assembly time with the Flowtron . The Worx snaps together in a couple of minutes . And for storage , the Worx breaks down nicely to store in a compact space . My experience with my burned-out Flowtron makes me wonder if the 8 amp motor is undersized . I am still working my way through the 2009 leaf pile , but I feel confident that the Worx will get me through this season and many more .
 This device makes great mulch . But the motor did not last one season , in spite of the fact that I was careful not to put in too many leaves at one time and did not put in sticks . Flowtron should be more honest about the limitations of the motor .
 I purchased mine 2 years ago , and the motor has already stopped working . I am very disappointed in how short of a time this was used and already of no use but for trash ! Too expensive not to get more time out of . Do n't bother wasting your money , find another one !
 Initially the motor did n't work and was replaced free of charge . I went to pick it up outside of Boston at their company and was pleased to meet very friendly , helpful people . Unfortunately the product itself is not worth your time . The parts have broken over and over again . I was going to once again order more parts but after realizing I would have to nearly replace the entire thing I 'm instead going to order a leaf vacuum/mulcher which will end up costing less .
 If you want to make a small amount of mulch for a small garden plot this thing is fit for that purpose , but it 's extremely loud and will take up a lot of room in your shed . It clogs easily and the nylon string cutters need to be replaced constantly . Definitely not useful for yards that are larger than 1/16 of an acre .
 First of all , the quality of manufacture for this product needs improvement . I am referring to holes not lining up very well , also gaps when connecting pieces together ... basically a cheap feel to it . I could deal with all of that if the unit would only live up to its potential , I am all about reading reviews before purchasing stuff , so with an overall rating of about 4 stars , I was expecting a pretty decent product . The only negative views were towards the inability of the shredder to break down larger sticks and what not , which is not my intent -LRB- leaves only -RRB- . However , when I plug the shredder in and started shoveling leaves into the opening -LRB- 1 shovel really ... -RRB- , pretty much immediately the leaves were getting stuck at the opening b/c it is simply too small , I would estimate about 8 '' in diameter . Maybe other folks have very small leaves or something , but I think it 's pretty typical to have leaves around 4 inches in length . Hence the title , if you have the time to hand feed this guy , then by all means , I think it may come in handy for you . The unit IS very loud and it does create a lot of dust , I had the unit mounted on top of a 45 gallon trash barrel to collect the debris , but even when I do get the leaves in , the rotation of the cutter creates a torrent which vortex everything to the top and to the side , it 's no wonder why the leaves would get stuck so easily .
 Do n't trust this company !!! My shredder started malfunctioning right out of the box . Motor kept stopping . Seemed like loose wire , so checked what I could see . Did n't take case apart , to avoid voiding `` warranty '' . That 's where the big problem began . The customer support numbers given do not work . Ended up contacting Chamber of Commerce of manufactors town . They did n't have a phone number , and they told me the address given for Flowtron was now condo 's ! Transferred me to the Clerk of Court 's office , where I finally got a contact number . Contacted the most unpleasant woman I ever dealt with in customer support . Would n't honor warranty , but if I was willing to ship the shredder back AT MY OWN COST , they would look at it . Looks like I am stuck with a $ 150 piece of junk . DO N'T TRUST THIS COMPANY !!!!!!
 Bought the mulcher based on the claim it would also handle pine needles . With several Ponderosa pines we have tons of needles . The unit was a total failure at those . It was impossible to get all other chips out of the mix , but I suspect the cords were probably being torn off from contact with the metal parts in the bottom of the unit.Might work well on wet products , but we used 24 strings and got less than two bags done . Returned for refund .
 Really have n't had a lot of usage of this machine . I did use it on wetlawn clippings from my tractor bagger in hopes of making the grass clippings finer . It did n't perform real well . It could only handle a small hand full of clippings and then not to quickly as the motor would trip out and I would have to reset the switch . Not really impressed at this point . It does look like it will handle dry leaves better , but have n't tried that
 This product is cheap and broke down on the first usage , motor would n't turn back on , do n't waste your time or money .
 Machine was easy to put together , just follow the instructions . It mulches well , but the feed rate is too slow . The electric motor should be larger . I bought it because I have to bag leafs , it just takes too long to process . It compress the volume , but does not save any time .
 It does what it is advertised to do , but I am on my 3rd one in 3-4 years because the motor will soon wear out if you use it year-round as I do . I 'd be happy to see a more durable version .
 Purchased the Leaf Mulcher in 2004 . Having a small yard , I estimate I ran the machine a maximum of 25 hours . This past winter , it began making an awful racket and refused to run anymore . Upon examination , I found the motor shaft turns in a sleeve bearing . How CHEAP AND JUNKY !!!!!! The sleeve bearing nearest the spinner head had worn considerably , allowing such a wobble as to destroy the motor . I did like shredding the leaves , as they make good mulch for the garden . However , it was a real pain to use . Even the smallest oak twigs could break the line . The funnel never fit together very well . The stand was flimsy and the knobs would not stay tightened . With some improvements , such as high quality motor bearings and the ability to use larger cutting line , Flowtron would have a great product . Unfortunately , after years of people complaining , the company has not seen fit to engineer any improvements into the product .
 We had another one same kind for over 5 years . My husband loved it and wanted another so I ordered one . Arrive Nov 21 , 2012 and has totally stopped working . Now to figure out what to do to get a refund !
 The motor broke on the second day of use and had to be returned to the manufacturer for replacement .
 after 2 hrs of shredding the leaves , the flowtron LE -900 shut down . We were looking for the reset button and we found it but there was no reset button installed . This leaf shredder is NOT ready for the BIG job .
 From its first use , the circuit breaker kept tripping with each load . Had to return it to the company for repair . That process was efficient , but by the time it was returned , the leaf season was over . I assume it has been fixed , but I will not know for sure until next fall .
 ORDERED ONE , IT CAME IN AND COULD NOT WAIT TO USE . WIFE AND I SET UP -LRB- EASY TO DO -RRB- AND GOT STARTED . UNIT RAN 6 MINUTES AND CUT OFF . AFTER 2 CALLS WE SENT IT BACK , HAD IT REPAIRED AT N/C THEN RETURNED FOR REFUND === END OF STORY .
 Despite all of Flowtron 's hyperbole about this being the easiest way to shred and mulch leaves , this unit is not suitable for any sort of serious leaf shredding . It is only suited to very light use.The entire assembly is flimsy and under-engineered . Starting at the top , the `` extra-large '' funnel comes in two pieces which are thin and tend to come apart where they meet . Even after everything is assembled . But , a lot of stuff will get caught when you drop it from above.What the consumer drops in should be : - small -LRB- sycamore leaves are out of the question -RRB- - dry -LRB- wet materials , contrary to Flowtron 's claim that it `` effortlessly reduces wet or dry yard waste -- including rain-soaked leaves and grass clippings , '' result in repeated , frustrating clogs -RRB- - soft or otherwise fragile -LRB- any inadvertently collected twig , pine cone , sweet gum ball , etc. , that drops in will mean another string replacement -RRB- The consumer has the option to adjust the size of the openings below the spinning string-lines , ostensibly to render the particles smaller if desired . The setting for smaller particles means that the already strained strings will wear even faster as they spend more time whipping leaves up.The motor which spins those strings has an overload/overheat switch . Ours frequently tripped . A good design might have incorporated this overload switch into the main switch . But , it is inconveniently located on the very bottom of the unit , and the user must remember to turn off the unit before trying to reset it.Finally , the stand is awkward to adjust and set . There are two large knobs which , in spite of being large , are difficult to tighten to a point where the whole unit no longer wobbles.On the whole , I really , really , really wish we had n't bothered with it . As much as I like the idea of an electric powered shredder , I find this so terribly frustrating to use that I resort to using the gas-powered chipper/shredder instead .
 I bought the Flowtron with grand thoughts of mulching leaves by the thousands , saving me bags , money , and most of all , time . However , after using the Flowtron for all of 5 minutes , it shut off on me , and I had only put 2 scoops of leaves in the thing . What a waste .
 This has got to be the WORST designed piece of junk I 've had to deal with for a long time . DO N'T BUY ONE !!! Amazon , and any other dealer who sells garbage like this , deserve the loss of reputation they 're going to garner from it.Too bad there are no negative stars ratings - this deserves a minus 10 !
 I am disappointed in the leaf mulcher and I had to return it . The first day it worked great and I really reduced a huge mound of leaves I had saved from the fall and spring . However about 5 hours into the process , it stopped running and the reset button popped out . The next day my husband tried it and it would only operate for a few seconds and the reset button would again pop out . I had high hopes for it because I did n't want a huge piece of heavy equipment that was going to rip my arm off . This seemed to be the perfect light weight , easily manageable machine but alas it could not stand up to the job I needed it to do . Rita
 I bought this machine , or its clone , at Sears a few years ago . It did n't last one season . In fact , the first time I used it a part came loose and was lost , and it took a couple of weeks for it to be shipped . It 's hard to rake leaves without picking up some small twigs , and small twigs cause this machine to hangup . Someone needs to design a machine just like this , but with metal blades . Many of us do n't need the larger chipper/shredders that are the only alternative .
 Do n't waste your money on this poorly designed product . I read other negative reviews but decided to try it anyway . What a mistake ! Putting the plastic parts together was a major struggle that took two people several hours to accomplish because they did n't fit quite right . Then the first time it was used , one of the plastic parts broke and caused a chain reaction of broken parts which rendered the mulcher unuseable . Amazon
 This product is the biggest piece of CRAP . DO NOT purchase it . The handles did not fit properly onto the stand rendering the product useable only perched on top of a garbage can . Next , the lines kept fraying down to nothing and needed constant replacement . Within 2 days , the motor quit working.I was not using the product with anything but dried leaves - no wood or other hard items.Do yourself a favor and spend more and get a gas powered shredder with metal cutting blades . If you buy this , you get an upside down weedeater.PIECE OF CRAP !
 We have had three Flowtron mulchers in the past . All have just about lasted 1-2 years . . They were essentially the LE-800 . When we saw the Ultimate Mulcher , the LE-900 , we thought `` let 's go this route again . . '' It completely stopped after only three bags of DRY leaves that were picked up with a lawn mower -LRB- that is , pretty small pieces -RRB- . By hunting through the manual , I noticed a Circuit Breaker was mentioned . Inconveniently located underneath the unit which was on a barrel and full of leaves ... Great design !!! After a cool down period , I pressed it and the unit started ... So the improvement is that it now blows it 's own circuit breaker rather than the one in the house which was the previous problem we had !!!!! I would NOT recommend this unit but it is the only electric powered one available so unless you want to play the gas engine plus metal blade game , you are stuck ... You would think on a unit that lists for 150 dollars , they could spend an extra few dollars and put a decent motor on it.Post Script ... . I upgraded to 2 stars because I discovered that the unit had been incorrectly assembled as received from Amazon . This allowed leaf mulchings to be sucked into the motor clogging air flow and hence causing the circuit breaker to Blow . ...
 Does n't work nearly as well as the older blue sticky tack made by a different company . This yellow handitak does n't have much sticking power ... wo n't hold a picture frame straight on the wall for longer than a day , something the old blue type used to do easily . Also , this yellow type has left yellow smeary marks on my painted walls -LRB- Benjamin Moore flat paint -RRB- , something the old blue tack never did . It 's impossible to remove the yellow residue stain without removing your wall paint . I 'll have to repaint those small areas of my wall . Ca n't recommend this product -- there are better alternatives .
 This stuff is weak . May hold paper together , but little else.I wanted something to fix some of the moldings in my car ... you know fix some drooping trim work . Well this hardly did the job .
 this hammock is too small to fit my standard size hammock -LRB- which previously held a pawley island hammock -RRB- . not sure if they sent me the wrong size or if the dimensions are wrong in the description . also the hammock itself is a single layer of unlined fabric . i 'm returning it .
 Very happy with it for the first 2 months of summer by Aug had to but it in the garbage . . it lost its shape and was dangerous for my kids to be on . . Could flip very easy . . on well
 This was such a terrible hammock that I wan na see if I can return it . I got the stand too and it 's even worse :-LRB- not happy
 These seeds are claimed to be designed for withstanding lots of sunlight and very hot weather . They do not grow . I have tried for two consecutive years , planting with all what the seeds require , watering constantly and they do not grow to form a patch or even mend a hole on the lawn . Does n't work .
 Even using the shims provided , it was difficult to get a tight grip on the steering wheel . The bolt snapped off at the head when trying to tighten it sufficiently requiring me to find a replacement bolt .
 I was looking for a red Good Vibrations 120 Easy Rider Mower Steering Knob . I thought that I had found it . The picture was of a red one and there was no choice of colors to pick from . When I received it , I had been sent a green one . I guess that they just send whatever they need to get rid of . I wish I had known . I had passed on a green one that cost less at a store where I live . I wanted to get one that would not stick out like a sore thumb on my mower . Rather than go through the trouble of returning it , I will give it to my son-in-law . His mower is green . I learned my lesson . I found a red one at a Sears store in the mall .
 The color of the steering knob was not the same as they one in the picture , the picture was red and the one that came in the mail was a weird green .
 I purchased this spinner due to its appearance but soon found it difficult to install . It adjusts to large and small diameter wheels with inserts and tightens with a limited play screw , thus making it necessary to have it cranked out as far as possible while forcing it into the slot to connect . Even with two people pressing on it , it was impossible to make it tight . I have spinners on my boat and lawn tractors but this one was by far the most difficult to install . If you have a very large diameter wheel , then it might be perfect .
 It looks neat , but it is just as fast to just use a file buy itself . amazon has a great price . the local chain saw dealer sells the same thing for over a hundred bucks.so get it at amazon .
 A pain in the b ** t to use ; A bunch of parts that wo n't stay connected . There 's got to be a better way .
 Received the plants in a timely manner but tried to grow all them hydroponically and only 3 strong plants started within a week and the final 3 are just now taking . Therefore out of 12 plants , I had to discard 6 . I emailed the seller about a week ago and no response . So I will not be ordering anymore items from this seller and I will be looking into strictly Organic seed and plants since they thrive the most without hesitation !
 RECEIVED PACKAGE WITH ALL PLANTS VERY WET AND FULL OF MILDEW . NO INFORMATION INSIDE PACKAGE ; NO RETURN ADDRESS ON PACKAGE . UNABLE TO USE PRODUCT . IT WAS SPOILED AND NOT USABLE .
 I had a lot of lost plants . Not sure if it was the way they were planted or the plants .
 Planted , watered , fertilized !! I have 3 plants left living ! I should have saved my money and bought fresh berries at the grocery store ! Do not buy from this company !!
 I bought these hoping to not have to buy strawberries at the store anymore . The did thrive at first when soaked and then I planted it and it was green for several weeks . Then everything turned brown yet I was not watering less and I had not moved the plants . It may be more me than the plants , but I wo n't repurchase .
 I received 25 dead plants , even after being planted nothing has happened , no green leaves or anything . I purchased 1 live plant and its doing great , even has baby green strawberries on it . All of the everbearing plants seem to be dead , just like when they arrived.Not a good investment . I will only buy live plants from now on .
 The plants were delivered half-dead . Out of 25 plants , I was only able to salvage 3-4 plants . I would never order from this company again . Terrible .
 I got 2 plants out the 25 growing . The rest nothing but white mold developing ! Do n't waste your money . What a joke buying plants over the internet
 these things came looking dead and still is dead waste of money do n't waste your money I ` am giving up on these thing once and for all
 Absolutely the worse item I have ever purchased on Amazon . Product was received on time , but product was DOA . I have planted many strawberry plants through the years , but these plants were beyond saving .
 I planted these dried strawberries according to the directions and they did not grow and are DEAD in the ground .
