 the glider got here much sooner than I thought , it arrived in great shape and all the pieces were there . I put it together by myself even if the kept saying 2 people . It was not hard and directions were simple . . It 's really nice
 Very nice glider . It was n't hard to assemble . It is sturdy and looks like it will last a long time . The gliding action is smooth and it 's very comfortable . Love it !
 Very sturdy , easy assembly , looks nice , goes great on our deck . We also get a lot of wind and it is heavy enough that it wo n't blow off the deck .
 For the price , this glider is a grade A product . It arrived very quickly and the box contained all necessary -LRB- except for obviously needed general tools -RRB- materials . Assembly was super simple but a second person would be helpful , but not absolutely necessary , to hold some pieces together while inserting fasteners . The materials quality appears to be very good , but only time and exposure to a few Vermont winters will tell the true story . All in all , we are very pleased with this comfortable two person glider .
 It took an older guy about 4 hours all told to put together ... not too bad as I had no help.The slider is well built for outdoors use . Two people can find lots of happiness in swinging to and fro ! It is a good buy both in price and quality .
 We wanted a sturdy , weather resistant , and reasonably attractive glider for the back deck -- but the nice-looking $ 300-and-up ones were n't in the budget . I hesitated on this a bit because it would be inconvenient to return if it was n't good . Fortunately , it 's a keeper . Granted , it may not have the charm of something fancier , but the simple lines are quite pleasing . The materials feel solid and it 's very comfortable , with a gentle , pleasant motion . Pretty easy to assemble -LRB- once the male person of the household deigned to look at the instructions -RRB- . The only things that kept it from a 5-star rating were a few minor nicks in the paint on the frame and the fact that we had to do a little bending on one of the bars to make it swing freely without hitting the frame . Otherwise , excellent !
 A very sturdy and well built porch/yard glider . The assembly was very easy except for one set of holes that would not line up so that the bolt would go through . A drill bit was required to complete the assembly . Overall , WE LOVE IT !
 My aunt and I were able to assemble this in about 20 minutes even though we did n't have the proper tools -LRB- a 5/16 wrench and a 7/16 wrench , in addition to the Allen key they provide -- and , of course , a Phillips head screwdriver -RRB- . We ended up just using pliers to tighten the screws , and that worked fine . We hit only one snag when ONE of us , and I wo n't mention WHO -LRB- * cough * her -RRB- confused `` right '' with `` left , '' so we had to take it apart and redo it properly . Even so , 20 minutes in the light rain at dusk and we were gliding away right afterwards . The directions are fine and everything lined up as it should.We fit two adults and a child and it glides nicely and feels comfortable . Because of the neutral colors , I 'm going to buy a colorful cushion to put on the seat just for looks , but you do n't actually need a cushion -- the molded plastic feels fine.The only reason I 'm deducting a star is that several of the steel pieces were scratched up . They have a coating -LRB- vinyl , it seems -RRB- over all the steel , but the coating scratches off easily . So right out of the box , I had about four spots that looked worn , and then when we dropped one piece , it mangled the vinyl on another . Luckily , it 's all down low and not noticeable , but it still should n't be like that when an item is brand new . And I worry about rust on the places where the coating scratched off.Still , I 'm very happy with this purchase . It 's a good price for a sturdy glider that should last for a long time . I was close to buying a used wooden glider locally for about the same price , but I 'm glad I decided to check Amazon first .
 I bought this glider to put on my front porch . I wanted one that did n't take up too much space and yet would seat more than one person comfortably . This one suits that purpose just right . The neutral color would fit in anywhere . With my spinal problems and pinched nerves , I need something comfortable to sit on . My husband put it together and I did n't hear any grumbling while he did it . It glides smoothly and quietly and in a few weeks it should be a perfect place to sit and observe the hummingbirds . I had a bit of trouble finding a place to order a cushion that would fit it , but I finally did . -LRB- Look up glider cushions online . -RRB- My wooden and metal bench on the same porch is showing age and carpenter bees are attaching it . That wo n't happen with this glider . I would recommend this glider to a friend .
 This glider is practical in that it is very low maintenanceand easily cleaned . The price was lower than others and a goodvalue for the money . All the parts were included and it was notdifficult to assemble . The gliding part is a little tight but Ithink it will loosen up with use . It is light-weight but perfectfor me .
 After searching for a glider that I could take to my lake house , I decided to give this one a shot . It was easy to assemble and looks great on the deck . Very comfortable also . My husband and I really enjoy sitting , gliding and looking over the lake . So far it has held up to the sun , rain and snow . Great investment .
 Very nice glider and looks like it should hold up for years . I bought a cushion for it otherwise it is quite hard to sit on for a long period of time . Easy to put together ... only thing that I would change is for it to have a deeper/longer glide to it . Overall , I would recommend this for the price and quality compared to other expensive gliders that I looked at .
 The package is heavy but the glider is so easy to put together . It does n't take but one person and about an hour to put together Directions are easy to understand Nice for the yard .
 We needed to replace a wooden glider that we had in front of our house and after looking around and not really finding what we were looking for our son suggested we check Amazon.com . We chose this one because we felt it would last for a long time and the size was right . When we received it we put it together and it was very easy to assemble . The movement of the glider is smooth . The color is a little blah , but we added a couple of colorful pillows and have received many compliments on it . The price is great and we are very happy with our purchase !
 My wife and I tried several outdoor glider loveseats at furniture stores and even Home Depot . The ones we liked were VERY expensive -LRB- $ 400 - $ 600 -RRB- . For about $ 200 I took a chance on the Lifetime Glider without having seen one in person . Assembly was easy , only needing a second person a couple of times . It 's comfortable , works well , and appears quite well made . For the price , this is the best outdoor glider I have found .
 It was easy to put together and works nice . Love sitting in it with my grandson and enjoying our time .
 I have surely enjoyed gliding on my porch this past summer , thanks to this really well built glider . Ca n't say enough good things about it . I 'm definitely in the realm of old age and I was able to put it together easily . Ca n't imagine that anyone would be unhappy with one of these .
 I bought this for my 92 year old mother who has always enjoyed her outside time . The bench is sturdy enough for her to get into by herself from her walker . She loves it . Instructions are good and as the instructions say two people are needed in my opinion for the last two steps . You need a phillips screwdriver , a 5/16 and a 7/16 wrench to assemble . We were impressed with how well the parts aligned and only had a little problem with one screw - probably our fault for tighting the other screws before setting the last screw in the bench back . Solid bench , glides without ball bearings , will update on how well it weathers the Pennsylvania winter .
 Speaking as a blonde I can say that this is EASY to put together.Some of the very best instructions I have seen anywhere . Great Buy and a beautiful product . It holds up to 550 pounds , so it will even hold most Americans !
 Good quality and fairly easy to assemble , although it helps to have 2 people . It is quite comfortable and looks nice .
 Glider havier than I expected . Fairly easy to assemble ; I followed the detailed directions carefully . It took me one afternoon to put everything together . Needed no help -LRB- I am a female senior -RRB- . Looks great on my deck and works bautifully . Hope to have for many years .
 This glider bench is well made and super easy to put together . The directions say it takes two people but who pays attention to directions ? The hardware fit in all the appropriate places and it took about an hour to put together . I was worried about the plastic in the southern California sun but its been two weeks in the mid 90s and so far so good.The gliding motion is perfect and I expect this bench to last a lifetime .
 Very solid glider and as advertised . Looks good and is very comfortable . Assembly was straight forward and all the parts fit as designed -LRB- not always the case -RRB- . This appears to be a quailty product .
 The instructions were easy to follow . The end product looks exactly like the picture in the instruction booklet . The quality is top knotch . I 'm looking forward to many relaxing hours on the glider .
 Just finished putting together my glider . Not only did it only take 30 minutes , I was able to do it alone . The only thing you need a second person for is company . All the pieces were there , and the instructions are very easy to follow.It was also delivered in 4 days with the free shipping option .
 easy to assemble , easy to clean , seats two comfortably , looks good on the porch my neighbors have all commented on its good quality
 I found that this bench did a great job resisting rain and was very easy to clean . Great for warm summer days on the front porch . Glide function works well .
 This Gliding bench is absolutely wonderful ! After I ordered it I thought I was crazy for buying something like this without having actually sat in it and tried it . I started thinking , `` what if all those wonderful reviews were bogus - it will be too heavy to afford return shipping !!!! '' First , this review is not bogus AND I am so glad I made this purchase !!!!! It does recommend two people to put it together but I only needed help on the very last step so it is very easy to assemble and very sturdy . It glides very smoothly . I 'm deaf so I ca n't tell you if it makes sound when it glides but can say that I LOVE our summer evenings on the back porch now , enjoying our beautiful flowers and fresh air . My awesome Hearing Dog - a beautiful blond Lab and I sit together on this bench and will enjoy many wonderful moments together lounging about !!!!
 I received the bench in a timely manner and it was easy to set-up . It has proven to be comfortable , durable , and wide enough to accommodate two adults and a tween comfortably . If you are looking for comfort and long-lasting ability , this is the bench for you !
 this glider is really nice , I put it together myself , it did not recommend it , but I had no one to help me , I had no trouble at all instructions were clear , and it was worth it , you will not be disaspointed in any way , Nancy from Pennsylvania .
 Right after I clicked the purchase button for this , I remember wondering what the heck I was doing buying a glider bench off the internet . It was so reasonably priced compared to the ones I had checked out in stores , I figured I was getting some flimsy , poorly made item . But this bench is awesome ! My husband put it together in about 30 minutes by himself and it 's sturdy but light enough that I can drag it around our backyard to catch the sun -LRB- or not -RRB- . It has held up to all the wet weather we 've had , it 's easy to clean and glides beautifully . It really is a quality product - I 'm thinking of buying a second one for our patio .
 Bought this bench to use in my teenage son 's room . Easy to assemble . Solid construction . He loves it !
 I love my glider , I am a 62 year old female and I mostly put it together myself , my husband helped put the two parts together . The hardest part was getting it unwraped , which was worth it . It was in great condition , all parts needed , even some tools and good instructions . It works great and looks nice on my new front deck . I love it ! My friends do to , morning coffee time ! Money well spent . .
 Bought this as an anniversary gift for my parents knowing they needed seating out near a family pond . Looked at wicker , aluminum products etc. , but knew this would stand the test of the elements . Easy to put together -LRB- less than an hour -RRB- and comfortable to sit in . Only complaint would be its appearance - very plain looking and the `` putty '' color = gray does n't really help matters . If you do n't care about aesthetics , purchase this bench for comfort and security in knowing it will last outside in the weather .
 We assembled it ourselves . I sat in other gliders trying to decide if I could find a better one . I could n't find one that glided as easily as this one does !
 It took about 30 min max to put together . Not many parts , one screw was missing but its not really needed . The gliding motion is just ok . It feels kinda short , doesnt mimic a real swing as well as the other glider I bought . But it seems really durable and will last outside in the elements . Really good to sit in around a pool/hot tub/lake where you will be getting it wet as the plastic wont weather like wood .
 This grill is one of its kind ... It can be use anywhere without so much hard work . . it fits snugly anywhere ...
 This table is portable , sturdy and easy to keep clean . Can withstand temperature extremes . It is perfect for children 's birthday parties . I will probably buy another one .
 The table was easy to assemble and is very sturdy . The plastic is of a heavy guage and NOT flimsy . I purchased this table for the kids playroom as the kids have grown out of the little tikes type tables . The overall size of the table is big enough yet not too big for the room . I like that the seats/benches are attached to the table as one unit so that there is no concern for a child falling over like what could happen with chairs . I do recommend that an electric screw driver/drill be used for attachment of the brackets to the benches .
 I 've received and tried these great tables . I 'm sorry I only ordered four . Even though I 'm small , I can manage these tables - all 4 by myself ! They fit in the back of my SUV and in my camper . My bruiser children have already started using them as a jungle gym/stairmaster -- they are incredibly stable and sturdy . My only concern is the legs do n't lock in the folded -LRB- collapsed -RRB- position . If you hold them vertical it 's not a problem , but when rotated , one leg drops - I 'm using a canopy bungee to secure the two legs together for transport.Lori
 This table is lightweight and easy to move and store . We had this in a convenience store for our customers to sit at . Let me tell you it holds ALOT of weight !!! Would buy again !!
 This bench was easy to assemble , but I would suggest that you have someone else help you to hold the parts while you screw them together . Otherwise it might be too difficult , not in design , but just in holding the large pieces in the right place . I put the bench on my front patio which is uncovered . It does n't usually snow in Seattle , but it did this year , and the bench remained uneffected . The bench has also with stood the Seattle rains . This bench is as stated , element proof ! Great for summer yard lounging as well . I have been 100 % satisfied !
 Excellent product that is well engineered and effortless to assemble . The company slogan is right on the money `` Simply the best ''
 arrr matey yer not gon na sail the seven seas without this are ye ? this flag will stand up to yer most extreme swashbuckling
 You drop a fixed number of drops into a fixed amount of water , as measured in the enclosed test tube up to the given line . The number of drops to use is listed right on the bottle . After a few minutes , you compare the color of the water to the color chart on a card , which gives you your nitrite level . It 's plenty easy and effective.It could be even easier if the chart was on the bottle -LRB- no need for that extra card lying around -RRB- , or if there was a test where you just stuck a gauge in some water and got the value , but I 've never seen anything like that that does n't expire at some point .
 This is a workhorse table with a guarantee -- how can you go wrong ? Mine are used in a pottery studio where students can work on their clay creations . Owned mine for more than five years and ca n't even think of a problem with these tables . They clean up well and are very sturdy . I like the leg design because I have yet to stub a toe on these tables . Do n't hesitate to get this line of products ; you wo n't be sorry .
 I use these at church with my high school group . They are light and easy to carry . They seat 3 to a side.I have two common configurations I use . I put two of them together to make a 60 `` x60 '' square . This method seats ten people with two on each end . You can squish in 14 highschoolers without too much trouble.My other method is to use 4 of the in two rows of two . This makes 2 120 '' rows . These seat seven to a side , because you can use the ends between the two tables as a seat . For my uses , this seats 14 also , because I am up front speaking.I also do the janitorial work for my church , and these are an easy clean . I 've found that even pen is n't too hard to get off if you have the right tools . The hardest thing about cleaning these tables is that the name `` Lifetime '' is recessed into each end of the table . These were `` lovingly '' inked by one of my high-schoolers , and that was VERY difficult to clean . I would suspect that food smashed into this spot would be hard to clean as well . ***** Final Thoughts ***** These are n't fancy tables , but if you are looking for utility , look no further . These are easily carried by one person , and they seat six apiece quite well . They are even easy to clean , except for the ends with the name recessed into it .
 Truly portable , these tables can be moved easily by a person of average strength -LRB- e.g. , a middle-aged woman ; - &#62; -RRB- . They 're extremely sturdy , and they 're attractive enough to use for almost any occasion . They wipe clean in a snap as well . If you 're looking for easy-to-use , portable , supplemental tables for family gatherings , special occasions , club get-togethers , I highly recommend these tables.We have one this size , two smaller-sized tables from Lifetime , and I just added 3 more of these to my wishlist .
 Have owned several of these tables for more than five years to work on pottery and clay in my studio . The table does n't wobble , it 's easy to fold up , very easy to clean and most importantly , easy to move around . These have been used on a daily basis and I have no complaints whatsoever . Am sure these would fit right into a kitchen setting or workshop setting as well .
 This is a fast delivering company with great prices on this item . would recommend them .
 I purchased this table years ago and have been completely satisfied with it 's function and durability .
 Ok , I did A LOT of research before I bought this one . I did n't want it to be too strong -LRB- I am a woman of average strength and I did n't want it to be able to move me like a firehouse . . , and I have kids and I did n't want them to blast off a toe or something -RRB- , nor too hard to use , like a big gas unit . . , But I wanted it to be strong enought to do the job and high enough quality to hold up over time.It took me over 6 months to make a dang decision about which one to buy.This one seemed to be a good price for the PSI and attachments , and had decent reviews.So here 's what I think . I could handle a little more pressure , -LRB- but just a little -RRB- , mostly when the spray nozzle is being used -LRB- when the water is dispersed , it cuts the pressure a lot , it 's much higher in the steady stream , and this is true of all units I think -RRB- . . , but it does blast oil out of cement , which is pretty darn impressive . It is very easy to use . It was easy to hook up , the attachments are onboard in a good place , a nd I like the big wheels and the very long cord and tubing.One feature that really irritates me to no end
 I 've had many pressure washers over the years and this one has proven to be the best . It has a lot of power for being an electric pressure washer.I use it to clean off the sidewalk , windows , gutters , and so on around the house on a regular basis as I live in a tropical climate were the heat and water tend to promote nasty mold in the sidewalk and lani.Also great for the southern love bug season , I hate these damn bugs , they get all over my vehicles and are just plain nasty as all crap . This pressure washer worked great for getting them off the vehicles . I dread the next season of these stupid love bugs but at least now I have the perfect tool for getting them off my paint.The adjustable beam on this unit is great . The fine stream is enough to cut through most grease stains if you have them in your driveway -LRB- family loves to leave me present -RRB- . All in all great design and I would buy again , but I know I wont have to for a while as this is a sturdy , well built product that will work great for years to come.Added 09-0402 : I 've had mine for some time now and well it 's still working great ! I use it on a regular basis and so far no major issues . Sometimes it 'll take a minute to warm up but other than that it has worked pretty good for the past couple years now .
 This is my 3rd pressure washer and by far the best of the breed . It is solid piece of work that is easy to move about when doing the deck -LRB- s -RRB- with wheels that actually work . Santa gave me the one with the roll-up hose which is very nice feature . Only problem was that the User guide did n't have any information on this feature so I spent a few minutes trying to figure out where or how to connect the high pressure hose to unit - Guess What ? - No need to connect anything except garden hose . I consider this tool the best buy for your $ $ $ $
 McCulloch 1800 PSI Electric Pressure Washer #FHH 18AHave used the washer a couple of times and found it easy to operate . It has done the jobs I purchased for a snap . For the time being I find the product of good quality . It appears sturdy & I have the impression it will be a long time before I need another jet washer.The vendor shipped promptly.NGA
 It does an excellent job on mildewed wood such as decks and deck furniture without using chemical mode which is the only weak link in an otherwise strong chain . Unfortunately , the only effective chemical solution is chlorine which acts more or less on its own but can not be used with this machine . Safe cleaners , such as Simple Green are no more effective than when used without them . Other than that , it 's a great product .
 powerful , quiet and easy to use . What more can you ask for the price . sleek design and McCulloch quality !
 i 've used the pressure washer several times . it works great . has alot of pressure . and is easy to use . well designed . everything is easy to assemble , to start up operation . could n't be happier with it.if u need a good pressure washer , the mcCulloch washer is the one to get .
 Works perfectly any problems I had were self inflicted the design is very good and well worth it never owned another so ca n't compare.I have only used for about 6 hours and so far perfect.Not much to say except for the general tasks I purchased it for namely 1 -RRB- Cleaning the years of dirt and algae off my deck -LRB- moderate size -RRB- so I could seal it did an excellent job just takes time but plenty of power just a narrow high pressure stream as expected . LOL
 Super easy to set up and use . Lots of water pressure , tons of hose , and an extra long electrical cord . It also wheels around nicely . I 'm excited to use the attachments .
 I bought this product and it works really well . About 25-30 pounds . Exerts good pressure . I was able to remove buildup from 15 years around the house . With good water flow , you can maintain a constant pressure and do not have to worry about waiting to allow the tank to fill up . Easy to put together .
 I like it . I live on the west side of the Cascade Range in Oregon and things get dingy pretty quick . I had my vehicle , the rain gutters on the house , landscaping bricks along the path around the house , and odds and ends all washed in about an hour . It works great . The only drawback that I can find is that it does n't appear to suck up any cleaning solution in the high pressure mode . Only the low pressure . I have n't tried the upper tank yet so maybe that 's the problem . Not a huge issue since plain water pretty much takes everything off anyway . The plastic double male hose attachment was a concern before I purchased the unit . I 'd read that most of them broke pretty quick . As long as you are aware not to stress it out dragging it around , it will probably last a good long time . If it does break it should be easy to replace pretty cheap . Again great unit so far .
 Since my old power washer finally failed on me -LRB- 4 + years old -RRB- I decided I needed a new one . I read lots of reviews and certainly did n't want to purchase one that would stop working after a few uses.I finally decided on this McCulloch . The price was about right and the power was sufficient -LRB- 18OO PSI -RRB- . I did n't need anything more powerfull than that.When the McCulloch came it was very easy to assemble and start using . I 've used it for lots of `` spring cleaning '' projects and I love it.The only minor complaint I have is a design one . It does n't seem to have a very good way to store the Power Washer Hose . There are some `` hooks '' on the front \ back , but these are lacking in the ability to keep the hose attached properly . Otherwise I 'd probably give this 4 1/2 stars if I could .
 This machine is great for light and medium duty . Easy to use , portable , and plenty powerful enough for most every-day power-washing jobs . I like the long power cord and hose , and the rotating nozzle is a nice feature . This is one less gasoline engine I have to maintain ! Definitely worth the $ 150 I paid . And I trust the McCulloch name .2 things that would make this a 5-star product
 This is a god-sin for my wife ... She is weak in her ability to grab a jar lid and twist to open it . Thank you for advertising an item like this ...
 I have many long needled pine trees and this construction bag holder is a must . This bag holder pays for itself many times over .
 Confusing to assemble ; also , tighten screws well , or you 'll lose the , and will have to replace at the hardware store.But once you get you get it together , it works well .
 Does a great job highly visible . Works well with the different fencers that I use in the different pastures . Last a long time . Ca n't beat it for the price .
 I own both of the Step 2 garden stools . This model is by far the most comfortable height to work from . I am 6 foot tall and 220 pounds and the stool is perfect for gardening , washing car wheels , etc. . The only reason I do n't rate it 5 stars is because it tends to tip over when sitting too near the `` handle end '' of the stool .
 My son was in need of a sturdy bookbag . Rather than buy another inexpensive one that would surely fall apart , I sought out something more durable . I saw this JanSport bag in a local store and thought it was perfect ! It was roomy enough for all his books , was well-made with strong and sturdy fabric and had awesome cushioned straps ! Problem was , it was more than I was looking to spend.I did an online search and was amazed to find the very same bag on Amazon for less than half the price ! I jumped on it . The backpack arrived within days and my son LOVED it . He claims it 's so much more comfortable to carry his books now.Again , an awesome product at a rock-bottom price ! Thanks Amazon .
 Look closely at the size . It was not as big as we thought it was going to be . A good buy , though .
 Oh so durable it lasted me 6 years and only started tearing this week . Perfect backpack for school . Spacious , fits textbooks and binders easily . Looks nice . Comfortable . Do n't get white , it gets dirty easily .
 I bought one of these backpacks to hold emergency equipment in my wife 's car . This includes bottled water , first-aid kit , etc. . So , I do n't intend for it to be used on a daily basis . But I needed it to be spacious , durable , and affordable . I think this backpack meets all of these criteria with ease.The front and main compartments are quite large , with the front being about 2/3 as big as the main . The front compartment has two utility pouches , one with a flap and the other without . The main compartment fits larger items easily.The pack is made of 600 denier fabric which looks and feels very rugged . I am not worried about the material tearing under normal circumstances . Also , the style of the pack is very nice . It has a sleek profile that will ensure it does n't take up too much space in our car 's trunk . Also , the straps are composed a gel material -LRB- termed `` AirLift '' -RRB- that spreads the force of the backpack over a larger surface area of your shoulders . This makes carrying heavy loads noticeably easier . I was very surprised by its effectiveness.And , the price is the best part . I was looking for a pack for $ 20 or less , since I 'm trying to keep the cost of the emergency kit to less than $ 75 . This pack lists for $ 50 , but Amazon has it for $ 15 with free shipping ! That alone makes this a winner !
 I received this back in 2005 or 2006 , and it was only just recently that the motor or something burnt out since it no longer works , even with fresh batteries . It really makes me sad because I loved this thing and it does n't look like they 're sold at Walgreens or online anymore.If you do n't use the rocks that came with it -LRB- or that you 've collected yourself -RRB- , the the water will run relatively silent . If you do n't strategically place the rocks on the fountain , it will also run a bit quiet , but that 's what I loved about it . I loved moving the rocks around to make different patterns of water running . It was calming , nice to listen to , and not bad on the eyes either . I would get another one if I ever saw them again .
 I bought this for my sister and it is really a beautiful stand . I like that it has something to hold the flags on .
 I 'd give it a five star but they sent the wrong color . We ordered red and white and recieved green and white -LRB- i was happy with the color after all but have to be honest about their mistake with the shipping -RRB- We were able to put it up with no issues . I 'm 70 and my husbamd 72 so I guess anyone can assemble it.The biggest issue was trying to anchor it . The wind gusted a couple times and we were hanging on to it . It litterally wanted to leave my house !! LOL.I wish we had anchors and it should come with anchors . We used bungie chords and attached it to our garage wall but the other end was still jumping up into the air and we finally took it down.It 's very nice and the quality is very good . I was very impressed with the its heavy duty . it will last for many years.We bought it for our Estate sale and will use it again for yard selling . It did the job nicely .
 This feeder is attractive and made mostly of a nice coppery metal . I bought it as a finch feeder for thistle seed . Unfortunately , the feeder ports are made of cheap plastic , are hard to work with , and come off and break easily . I will probably have to contact the company for replacements . Something else that is important to note is that it is very top heavy . When filling with bird seed it will be awkward to handle for people who are older , have arthritis , carpal tunnel -LRB- as I do -RRB- , or any other difficulty with their hands .
 I keep this in my car for whenever I need it ! The size is perfect for sitting on the grass in the park , or lying down at the beach . I love the all natural feel of the mat . And the design on the fabric , built-in pouch is beautiful !!
 Used this for the free Central Park Bon Jovi concert and it was great . So easy to travel with and setup in seconds . I was even able to hold the sunscreen in the side pouch and some water . Kept our clothes grass stain free and provided our personal space to watch the show . -LRB- Well , to lay around until it started , then everyone was on their feet -RRB- .
 I used the Claber Aquauno Video 2-Cycle Timer this past summer and it worked flawlessly ! You can program the timer to water any combination of days of the week . All seven days or one day or any combination of days . It was a mild and rainy summer where I live so I watered once every other day for about 10 minutes in the heat of the afternoon . You can choose to water once per day or twice per day on the days you preselect and the duration of each water period you choose . Very flexible water scheduling . The product is very durable and very waterproof .
 I was looking for a timer that would work with the deer Scarecrow . It needed to be a twenty four hour timer . I found this timer after looking at many timers and it works great for my application which is to have the scarecrow on from 8 PM to 8 AM . I did need to call to find out how to set the timer for this application .
 I had no problem setting times and days for the unit to run it is so easy , I have also purchased 2 of the double outlet timers of the same make so that did make easy for me to set the single timer . Fitting to the tap is easy and the unit does exactly what I wanted it for . I would recommend this make of timer to anybody for ease of setting and for how it runs .
 This timer is AWESOME ! It 's very easy to install , and because it operates on a 9 volt battery , I wo n't hafta replace as often as my old timer that used 3 AAs
 Programing it was easy and adjust nicely to my system . After three weeks testing it is working fine as required .
 I have been reading reviews of different timers in Amazon for weeks before zeroing on this one . One thing i noticed is that , many people had trouble programming Claber timers , But none of the reviewers ever complained about a Claber timer having failed to work.That shows the reliability of the brand.I found it quite easy to program.The Italian built quality really shows and smells too.Came with a quick connector.It did reduce my water pressure a bit . But the sprinkler worked just fine with some adjustments.Only one gripe - i should 've bought the 6 cycle timer.Would 've been more versatile.Hope it would provide years of service .
 I used this on the motion sensor Scarecrow for deer last year . -LRB- BTW I do n't recommend the scarecrow for deer -RRB- . The timer worked great , but the battery does go suddenly , so if it 's an important application , keep an eye on the battery charge . This year I just used it for a sprinkler . I did n't find the interface smoothly intuitive , but I kept the book and that definitely helps for programming .
 I first bought a Ray Padula deluxe water timer.Returned that because it was terrible.Couldn ' t even keep time!Cheap cheap cheap.Ordered a couple of these and so far impressed.Quality feel and function , made in Germany.I had no problems programming this , very logical.Worked perfectly so far.No comparison to the Ray Padula Time It Deluxe Water Timer.The Claber is like a Mercedes , the Padula , a Kia.But , that is really unfair to Kia.Spend the extra few dollars and return it if I 'm wrong .
 Im surprised at the few bad reviews given . We had no trouble getting this automatic waterer to work , just read instruction manual , took a few minutes . So far it is working great , we have had them on for two weeks now . We could have purchased cheaper waterers but I think this will be worth the price . I like that is has a 1 year warranty too .
 This was an alternative for our flower beds . the heads worked perfect with our new system we purchased . I could n't beat the price .
 They only last about 2 years , because of UV , but they are very easy to replace.Good to have few spare .
 Sigh . My love of animals made this whole task awful . I ignored the fact that we had mice in the house hoping they would go away or not be a huge problem . -LRB- I know , I know , talk about denial ! lol ! -RRB- The problem got out of hand , of course . We have dogs , so I needed the poison to be `` child `` proof . They are , which is good , because the dogs were attracted to the scent of the poison immediately . I still put the stations out of reach , just in case . Anyway , the good
 I have been using this product along with the refill product since December 2009 . The product has all but done away with the mouse problem I had originally . Before I have a serious mouse problem in my garage , shop and out buildings . I place two bait stations in each area and now only occasionally see a mouse . I keep the stations filled on a reqular basis year round . I will be purchasing this product as needed in the future . The stations keep the baits out of touch and they have a good lock on them . Just be sure to place the stations in locations where pets and children can get at them . Better safe than sorry .
 Wow , after I saw activity around the yard , I bought of few of these , same as the pros use . Filled the baits , and then saw dead mice around the yard after a few days . Thanks ! Good safe stuff for people , not so for mice !
 We ordered this plaque for our front porch . Was a little dismayed with the estimated time frame for it to be delivered . We received this 3 weeks ahead of the estimated delivery , and the packaging was secure . It is perfect for our colonial style home , and the color was a perfect match for our front door ! I had questions and concerns regarding the color of the numbering , and Zeus responding to my e-mail inquires within 24 hours . Big thumbs up , for this wonderful addition to my home .
 Highly recommended , I find this canopy durable , an ease to install , and made of high quality construction . For the past 3 years , I have rented similar type canopies for my summer B.B.Q. 's . These rentals exceeded over $ 300.00 per occasion . Now , I can enjoy this canopy and at the same time save hundreds of dollars on the rental fee 's .
 Loved the service . sent fast and well packaged . Thanks !! I dont know what else to say but its my first time using this product . .
 I 've had this outside my kitchen door for a couple of months . It 's great at cleaning shoes -LRB- I do a lot of gardening and yard work -RRB- , it 's holding up well , and the rubber base is very solid .
 Nice and simple to use , especially for a beginner who is not looking to spend a fortune on the basics.Rust a little to quick if left out side -LRB- mostly my fault -RRB- but is easy enough to clean . They are sharp and do the job and I got 2 for my money . The also have a traditional Japanese look to them which I like !
 Happy with the product but am anxious to try some of the other flavors.Cathy
 I bought the Bradley Smoker as a present for my self after paying off a debt . I was saddened to learn the Bradley smoker does n't come with `` token '' bisquettes ... . I did n't know what to get so I bought the `` Bradley Special Blend '' I read the Bradley recipe for Pork Roast ... I did what needed to be done the day before ... I got up at 1:30 AM and started smoking a 10 lb Pork Roast . 12 short hours later I became what is now known as A GOD AMONG lesser MEN . I proved it was not a flake when I made smoked Turkey Legs and fed them to folks who do n't like Turkey Legs . I was harassed for days until I agreed to make MORE SMOKED TURKEY LEGS for folks who do n't like Turkey Legs . And the Brisket ! Men fall to their knees in awe and women plant flowers where ever I intend to walk to soften the blow of my steps because of how incredibly awesome the Brisket turned out!I took all the credit , but the `` Bradley Special Blend '' is what did all the heavy lifting.Thanks to the `` Bradley Special Blend '' I can now walk down the isles at the local Wal Mart where Men hide their faces in shame and women offer to pick out my produce ... In all due honesty ... the `` Bradley Special Blend '' is a very nice general purpose blend that goes pretty well with everything . I have done loads of beef , pork , chicken , turkey , lamb , goat , and even bass and crapie . I always keep it on hand for when their is n't enough Apple to do this , or Hickory to do that ... I 'm not kidding , it 's the Get The JOB Done Blend in my house and NO ONE ever complains.And that is a Fact !
 We used the Bradley Hickory Bisquettes to smoke two chickens in our newBradley Smoker , Stainless Steel . It was the first time we had used our smoker and the chickens that we smoked tasted amazing . The bisquettes gave a lot of smoke flavor and worked totally up to our expectations . Great product !
 I love the flavor they impart into anything I 've smoked in my new Bradley original Smoker . I LOVE IT , LOVE IT , LOVE IT !
 Bradley makes a popular line of rack smokers that require these disks of chopped and pressed hardwoods for use in their smoke generators . Disks come in a variety of wood mixes or `` flavors '' including hickory and alder and this `` special blend . '' I have used several `` flavors '' in smoking ribs , bacon slabs and hams and they all work well . My favorite for versatility is `` special blend . '' It produces a lighter smoke taste than the hickory but is a bit more assertive than apple wood . Rather than keeping a variety of these packets on hand , I prefer to go with this one.As a moderate practitioner of home smoking meats , I find the 48-count packaging works best for me . As long as I am paying for shipping and handling , I feel I need to order enough product to last a while . Smoking any cut will require from 4-6 bisquettes and larger cuts or a heavier smoked flavor will require even more of them . On the other hand , the binding agent that holds the wood chips together seems to break down after several months , even in pantry storage . Since the bisquettes are fed into the smoke generator by a pusher , the disks need to stay together while they sit in the feeder tube and while they are pushed to the ignition source.The chips do a good job of smoldering evenly and completely and the binder agent does not seem to leave any taste or aroma of its own . Given Bradley 's system , this is a necessary product and it works very well .
 I love the Bradley smoker and these little bisquettes it uses . It is so easy to use . We 've used the mesquite and pork and chicken . It 's all turned out great .
 This product works very well in my smoker . The Pecan smoke flavor is excelent for fish and I was able to save over .20 cents per biscuit by purchasing them through Amazon .
 I made some bbq baby back ribs shortly after I got the smoker . I used my usual recipe for ribs just to see if the flavor is better than smoking in the gas grill . I have to say these bisquettes delivered flavor as promised . I smoked the ribs for 4 hours then grilled them lightly on the gas grill before serving ; they tasted like coming from the restaurant . I took the leftovers to work and they were gone in minutes . A great product beside the costs ... I guess it is worth it afterall .
 the bradley smoker with the bradley chips work great and give all the smoke you need and more without worrying of the smoke dying out ...
 the product worked great will purchase these again one of the best prices i have found
 Hickory is my favorite and that is what I use the most in smoking my meats . With Bradley Bisquettes does gives a lot of smoke and add flavor to the meats . I am never disappointed with Bradley Briquettes !
 My first smoke with the Alder pucks was freshly caught trout . Before this , I had used loose chips in a different smoker and had mixed results . The Bradley alder bisquettes made applying the desired amount of smoke a breeze . I have never had smoked trout come out so well , and the alder pucks are just the right flavor for smoked fish .
 Bradley pucks are hands above any other smoker . The key is their concentrated bisquettes which have concentrated flavor with no adulterants and you control the time -LRB- 20 minutes per puck -RRB- . If you are considering a smoker , these are the woods to get . Maple is a great mild flavor .
 I have one of the base units and use it for every thing , in smoking the Alder pucks add a nice dynamic to my poultry and other meats . definitely a good purchase if you 've been looking for some thing to take you to the next level .
 If you have a Bradley smoker , you must have these . You have no choice.If you do n't have a Bradley smoker , these are still pretty convenient . They smolder clean and make lots of smoke without burning to ash -LRB- which the Bradley folks assure us will leave your food tasting bad . -RRB- The maple flavor is mild and well suited hot smoking to a light smoke finish or cold smoking products requiring a sweeter smoke .
 If you have a Bradley smoker , this is a must have item ! Good to use when smoking pork .
 OK ... it 's hard to imagine needing to review or rate actual oak for an actual barbecue . I have become addicted to the ease of use of the Bradley electric smoker , and can only imagine how much easier it is to use the new digital version . A purist ... as in a North Carolinan I met ... who starts with a hog , a tree , and an ax , might consider this effete ... as in , I start with a credit card , a pork shoulder , and some pre-processed oak or hickory discs . Still , these are great , and if you slow smoke your meat at 160 degrees before finishing you can get as much oak or hickory flavor as you wish . The only drawback is the price ... but of course as a captive Bradley user , you have no choice .
 Good smell an good teaste . burns very well . Lots of smoke come off it . I would give it an A +
 I do n't think I would do a full smoke with just Hickory but they are nice in a mix of bisquettes !
 These work like a charm in my Bradley smoker . Maple gives my salmon and ribs a unique yet delicious flavor . You may want to regulate how much you smoke your meats though .
 We are pleased with the result of the briquettes . They give the right amount of smoke all the time .
 I have used these Hickory Bisquettes twice now and they are great . They put out a perfect amount of smoke and the flavor is great . I smoked a seven pound Tri-Tip and a 5 pound Tri-Tip for family and they all loved it . The taste does n't overwhelm the actual meat flavor but compliments it . I will be ordering more soon .
 Smoked a turkey with these bisquettes and it had to be the best Turkey I 've ever eaten . Great product and highly recommend
 Product was what I expected and the arrival date was sooner than I expected . I will purchase again in the future .
 These bisquettes add great smoke flavor to any meat ! I have been only using it a short time but the meat taste has been great .
 These were good . You need them for the smoker , so they are n't an optional purchase . They worked ! We had some that got wet - which makes them crumble and then they are unusable .
 The bisquettes are very good and added flavor to the meat.I would recommend them to anyone wanting to use them .
 I have bought this product several times . Great for pork or beef jerky . I would recommend buying this product to my friends .
 THE HICKORY 48 PACK IS GOOD BUT ! LIKE THEM A LOT , I SMOKE BACON AND IT TASTES GRAAT ! GOOD PRODUCT ! JACK !
 As advertsed . Good product . all of the bradlet biscuitts are great . have used nearly all flavors and get good results.johnny
 this is what i was looking for good price and quick shipping told all my friend all ready that have bradley smokerthankssit can quick also .
 Bradley products always perform great in my smoker . The burn thoroughly and produce great smoke for the perfect taste . Everyones loves the result .
 We love our smoker and we love the smoker chips/bisquettes ! The Bradley Cherry Bisquettes add a great flavor to Chicken , pork and beef ! They are cheaper on Amazon than at Bass Pro or Cabelas .
 I had been looking for something that could really produce a large amount of smoke on the grill and these worked out great !!! I just place 1 or 2 directly on the grill or inside foil . For me these are better than using wood chips .
 They worked as advertised . I have used and enjoyed the flavor they impart to the meat . I also enjoy the apple flavor
 I will mix the hickory with the apple for a wonderful tasting smoked . This are very easy to use though a little dusty .
 This are awesome ! Have used for ribs and pork chops . My father in law loves his bradley smoker and these were the perfect Christmas gift for him !
 They work great , if you wish to Br-B-Q this is the way to do it . No mess no fuss just great Bar-B-Q
 The bisquettes work great in my Bradly smoker . Well designed as far as the amount of pure smoke . Convenient to use and do not have to keep checking to be sure they are burning .
 Smoking with Bradley Bisquettes certainly facilitates the whole process . Did a Montreal Smoked meat and and it turned out great . The smoke flavor was a bit strong but I blame myself for closing the vents too much . Excellent flavor .
 Ok , I give it 5 stars although out of four I bought , two would not charge properly , but at 3.99 it was worth the extra effort to get them going . Here is the problem with some of these , the batteries have been sitting a while , so after you charge it for a few minutes , some of these may show they are charged , even though they are not . The batteries need to be cycled in these and all of mine have come back to life . Here is what you can do to help bring them back ... 1 -RRB- Charge unit until LED goes green -LRB- with a battery that needs to be cycled , it may show its charged after a few minutes . With battery that is in good shape and being dead , it should take around 4 hours to charge -RRB- 2 -RRB- Unplug charger and turn on unit . It may go dead after a few minutes , thats OK . After it shuts itself off , wait 10 minutes.Repeat the steps above and it should come back to life . The most I repeated the above steps were 4 times before it accepted a full charge , and all mine work now . Hope this helps someone if theirs does not take a proper charge ...
 I , too , think this battery pack works GREAT ! I tried it for my Blackberry -LRB- I let it run down as low as it would go without it shutting off -RRB- and it charged my Blackberry enough for a whole day 's use , and then some . A week went by without my charging up the B&D Pocket Power before I used it again , this time on my iPod . It was still able to charge my 80GB iPod . I use my iPod for music AND videos and , with the charge from Pocket Power , I even had enough battery power to watch my videos , which is energy-intensive . I have even tried charging my Canon EOS camera battery and it extended my use of the camera . I am buying another one for my trips to Europe -- not every hotel room there is equipped with as many outlets as we enjoy here and a travelling family can only stay up so long in the evenings vying for outlets to charge their electronics . It 's not that heavy or bulky to take . However , despite all my accolades , remember that the sole function of this is as a BACK-UP -LRB- note the emphasis on back-up ! -RRB- ; you should keep it fully charged when you have the opportunity to -LRB- because it does take many hours to charge -RRB- for those times in a pinch when you need it to charge something else that you forgot or did n't have the opportunity to . Hey , life 's a juggling act -- it would be remiss of me to say that a little 5x3x1 box will end all our electronics charging woes !
 This battery pack has a USB port that I can confirm works with the iPhone 3G . The battery is a 1200 mAh NiMH battery that should just about charge an iPhone 3G from 0 % to 100 % .
 This is an awesome product it charges super fast . I dont know what the other reviewer is talking about i can get 2 charges out of this even when i use my extended iPpod battery this is one product every person with an ipod should have .
 I bought three of these , and they are very useful . There is a USB port and a regular 110 plug , so you can use it with anything that will take a USB cable for power and can also use it with you regular chargers for things like cell phones , PDA 's , and even the Kindle . It 's a little heavy , but not bad considering that it is a battery . Nice back-up for use on an airplane if you think you might run low on battery power . I bought mine `` dirt cheap '' from two different vendors on Amazon . If you search for this item on the Web , you will find some outrageous prices . I think the regular list is something like $ 59.95 , and I would never pay that . I got mine for less than $ 10 -LRB- I do n't even want to know why they were that cheap -RRB- .
 I was interested in using this 20 watt battery pack to power my modem/router during power outages so that I could have internet access . Testing a fully charged unit , I set my laptop to stream internet radio and the B & D device powered my modem/router -LRB- a Zoom ADSL X6 -RRB- for 1 hour and 10 minutes . Since this product has a niMH battery and I was concerned about self-discharge , I ran another test after the battery pack had been recharged and then unplugged and left alone for a week . This time it powered the modem/router for just over an hour . I also used it to power the Zenith DTT 901 tv converter box and got over 2 hours viewing time with it . I also tested a second unit with nearly identical results.I have seen numerous complaints about these units - underperforming or not working on various electronics , so maybe I was just lucky , but I am exceptionally well pleased with this product and have purchased several more for family members .
 This has to be one of the best product thati have bought . Only bad thing is you cant hook up everything to it or it will overload .
 There are two sizes , the small 800 MAH unit -LRB- 2 hours -RRB- & the large 2000 MAH -LRB- 5 hours -RRB- unit . I purchased the small 10 watt unit & was VERY disappointed so I returned it . It took 17 hour charge for only 2 hours of my XM radio use which was insane . I then purchased the ` heavy ' 20 watt unit with much better results . I used it to power my XM radio for 5 hours and it works well to recharge my cell phone twice . It will also power a LED 2 watt -LRB- 45 watt equiv -RRB- light bulb for 7 hours . It also charges in 17 hours but the power available is more satisfactory . I WILL KEEP IT . It will work better if the Lithium Ion version is ever developed .
 The product works as promised . I was hoping to get 12V DC out the charge port since that 's the charge voltage . That port is blocked as an output .
 This is a must have item for every home ! I was without electricity after Hurricane Ike and I was able to fully charge my cell phone and iPod using the battery pack . When my electricity was restored , I was able to charge it and pass it on to friends without service so that they can at least charge their phones . This process will continue until everyone 's service is restored . I am ordering some to give as Christmas gifts .
 did find it works after confusion of lites due to no spec sheet . works but only for hour or so
 I bought this as a refurbished item and it would n't charge the battery if it was plugged into the bottom , only if the battery was detached . Workable but not what I wanted so I called B&D. ; They had me try a couple of things and then immediately shipped me a brand new unit and a pre-paid UPS label . The new unit works flawlessly.You get a very bright lantern and 6 LED lights beneath the main bulb , AM-FM radio which works fine , the NOAA weather band is difficult to tune but that 's true with any non-PLL tuner . The AC inverter works fine for charging most AC devices , the 12v DC power socket is handy for some devices but the ability to keep the whole thing charged via the included adapter or by hand-cranking is the best feature.I have n't run trials on the duration of the light since we 've had no outages this winter but I 'll post them when I can .
 I bought this lantern for my husband to take to camp . He absolutely loved it . It really is super sturdy and well made exactly what you would expect from a Black and Decker product . The price was the best of all - just go and compare the prize you will be surprised of the sweet deal here : -RRB-
 I bought this for a backup power for our company data center . It has come in handy a couple of times and it works great . We have not used the radio or the Power utlity much but all features work well enough . I am happy with the Black and Decker lantern and would recommend it .
 Great combination of features for a portable unit . The main CFL is very bright , and the LEDs provide ample light when you do n't want to be blinded . The battery seems to last very well , especially if you 're just running the LEDs . The radio tuner seems to lock fairly well , does n't seem to wander too much . Have n't had the opportunity to use the inverter other than just to test it , but it seems very usable .
 I used a 14 '' Tanaka Contractor Grade chain saw for several years on a farm and found it to be a most excellent machine . And if a big tree misbehaves and pinches/twists the bar , all of the parts are standard and easily replaced at very reasonable prices . And so small and lightweight that I could carry a backup bar and 2 chains , as well as enough premixed fuel to last an entire day , even on foot . I loved it .
 This mower used to be made by Agri-Fab , but they stopped producing it . I have one and it is awesome . The blade spins freely , so it does n't have very much resistence when pushing . All the other Great States / American Lawnmower Company mowers that I know of have contact blades , which dull quickly and make the mower difficult to push . I would check out Sunlawn mowers if I were planning to buy another reel mower .
 I used this product in an outdoor garden . It has really helped with nutrient absorption . I have better growth than last year and highly recommend it .
 Honestly I think the issue with white fly is they resist the insecticides a lot , soap and water seems to be a better solution although extremely time consuming . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Just received this item today . It finally arrived , not sure wh it took so long from McLendons.Just sprayed it on my plants , I 'll let you all know how it works when I have results .
 These thermometers size is perfect to see from a distance , as the numbers and lines are large enough to read with ease . Also for the fact that the suction works really well . When they 're put on your outside windows they can stay a really long time without having to worry about them falling off -LRB- as long as the window is clean -RRB- they can stay put for longer than year , as I 've purchased others of this kind . The smaller version of these do n't stay on as well as these , as the suction cup area is a bit smaller in diameter . It 's best to rub a couple drops of like vegetable oil on your fingers and wipe it all around the side that goes on the window , as to staying on longer . Plus with this 7 '' size , you can see the pointer without straining . They are also really accurate for the most part -LRB- maybe a degree off one way or the other -RRB- but just use a screw driver on the back to adjust , and if you have a mercury thermometer you can adjust them to the right temp accordingly . I do love the fact that the numbers are in big and black lettering , and that this particular style has a red border around the number which makes it even easier to read from a distance . They must be placed in a shaded area -LRB- not exposed to the sun -RRB- for accurate temperature reading . These have a great price too compared to the stores here in Alaska where I 'm at . The other great thing about these is that there 's no holes to be drilling , just suction sticking ! Thanks for having these , the stores do n't sell them here anymore ! Exactly what I was looking for ! : -RSB-
 Years ago my mother had a basic mercury themometer with suction cups for her kitchen window , and asked that I find one for her again . At 83 I figured that even if she would n't admit it , it was going to be hard for her to read the same style thermometer from across the sink and across the shelf-style window that protrudes out yet another foot . She reads this with ease and in the 6 + months it 's been up it has n't fallen yet ! GREAT deal !
 I needed a thermometer for outside and this does just what it says . I wish it was a bit bigger but so did I when I was 5 .
 For those of you debating if you should buy it or not ... It is a Timex , it has a two year guarantee , it is only $ 6 . Need I say more ?
 I 'm still testing the accuracy of this thermometer , as I just recently purchased it , however it seems to be working fine . It 's very easy to install and easy to read the numbers . It looks neat and is not bulky .
 This was a replacement for a similiar product that we hade for 10 + years . Hope atht this one lasts half as long and trouble free as the last one
 Good product and looks good but had some difficulty in getting it to stay stuck untill i wet it before trying to suction it to window.After that no problem .
 This item serves my needs and does just what I wanted it to do . Thanks for being there when I needed this item .
 We did not want to attach a thermometer to our stucco . We saw this particular thermometer at a cousins home and knew that it would be perfect for our situation . We bought two , one is on our sliding door to the back patio , the other on the kitchen window . We can now see what the temperature is from each end of our home . No nails , no holes , no mess !!
 The window thermometer we used for years finally died . Could not find a new one in the stores . Found one on Amazon . It works perfectly in our kitchen window . Easy to read and accurate .
 My grandmother used to hava a gage on her window , but it broke over time and she was really upset . So I bought this for her . Not only was it inexpensive and easy to put up , but it made her smile . Now she can look at the temperature again every morning and start her day how she likes .
 This thermometer was surprisingly inexpensive . It was very easy to install and has poven to be very helpful every day . It is unobtrusive but very easy to read ; serves my purpose very well .
 The blade handle is very light weight and hollowed out . And after downing a few trees the blade remained relatively sharp .
 Bought it as a gift for my son-in-law who is an avid camper . He says its the best axe he has ever used .
 We used this during camping and loved it . Once again , Gerber produces another quality product .
 I 've owned this axe for about 5 years now and love it for general chopping in the backyard -- prepping wood for the wood stove . All of my neighbors have their own axes of varying types , but almost all of them ask to borrow this one if they need to really do some work . The edge is almost sharp enough to shave with and retains it 's edge even after hours of work . The best axe I 've ever owned ! And Amazon has it for ~ $ 15 less than I paid for it 5 years ago !
 This axe is awesome ! I have chopped tons of firewood with it and it holds an excellent edge . It 's also incredibly light weight and easy to carry on my pack . The handle is incredibly strong as well . Definitely worth the money .
 This is a great axe ! Light weight over all , but a good heavy head for chopping wood . I chopped up 2 nights worth of firewood with it and didnt see any loss of sharpness . The only complaint I have is that I cant find a sheath for it . The reason I bought the light weight Axe was for taking it backpacking . Unfortunately until I find a leather shop to make me one its just a pretty decoration at home .
 THIS PRODUCT IS WELL BUILT , SOLIDLY MADE , LIGHTWEIGHT , AND SHARP . IT IS A LITTLE TOP HEAVY AND UNBALANCED , BUT THIS IS PART OF THE DESIGN , AS IT IS MADE FOR BACKPACKING AND CAMPING WHERE WEIGHT USUALLY PLAYS A FACTOR . AS FAR AS BEING TOP HEAVY -LRB- BECAUSE THE HANDLE IS HOLLOW -RRB- THIS ALSO ADDS TO THE DESIGN BECAUSE IT IS EASY TO SWING AND THE INCREASED WEIGHT ON THE HEAD AMPLIFIES YOUR IMPACT.I AM A LONGTIME GERBER USER . THIS AXE IS BEING GLADLY ADDED TO MY COLLECTION , THIS WILL BE WITH ME BACKPACKING AND KAYAK CAMPING ALONG WITH MY GERBER SUSPENSION PLIERS , AND MY GERBER LMF ASEK -LRB- AIRCREW SURVIVAL EGRESS KNIFE . WILL PURCHASE MORE FOR FAMILY PLUS A BACKUP FOR MYSELF . GREAT PRODUCT , GREAT COMPANY , TERRIFIC SELLER !
 I was so excited to receive this ... great packaging ... the product arrived in pristine condition and I could not be more please . It looks so beautiful , and I have seen some Finch and hummingbirds enjoying it . My cardinals have finnaly discovered it ... what a treat . I ordered the smaller feeder , but I may end up getting the large one because I like it so much .
 We use the mulch block in our organic garden . It works well . In the future I would probably not be willing to spend $ 20 for a block of mulch . I 've seen them for $ 9 at Ace Hardware .
 This product is coconut waste , and is excellent for potting orchids . Mix with charcoal and your orchids thrive . Coconut is notoriously slow to decompose , and has anti-fungal properties . Easy to work with and the orchids require a lot less water . Drains well .
 The product works great , I had tomatoes for days . The only problem is with the design the spray head gets clogged or does not spray , might have to transfer liquid to another spray bottle or change head .
 The tuber came to me all safe and sound and grew right away . I am planning on getting another .
 Good price and good product . Easy to install on my chainsaw . I thought about sharpening my old chain , but the tool to do so costs as much as simply buying a new chain .
 I got this for my mom for mother 's day because she has a gorgeous garden . She opted to put it on the deck so she can hear the water when they hang out under their canopy thing . From what I understand about a lot of solar panels is that they should be able to store up some energy ; the only major disappointment I came across is that whenever the panel is even half way in the shade , the fountain stops running . When the sun is shinning bright , it trickles away.So if you 're planning on using this outside , be prepared for an on again , off again fountain unless you have sun all the time . Mind you , I did n't expect it to work all night ; but I did think if it got cloudy for 5 or 10 minutes , it would work throught it.But overall , my mom loves it and everyone that 's seen it , adores it .
 This fountain looks great . I love the green color and the sound is very relaxing .
 This is a very nice fountain . It is real ceramic . It is heavy . I like the fountain and I recommend it . It is nice looking . No fake plastic bowls , the real deal with this fountain .
 I love my parking sign . i put it in the back window of my car and it makes me smile every time i see it . It also makes my friends crack up , because they can always tell which car is mine . It 's a must have for all Aerosmith fans who want to show it .
 Well i just planted them in pots -LRB- the seeds -RRB- so you will have to wait for an update :-RRB- to see how they did.LOL
 I bought the medicinal , tea , and culinary seed sets . There were about 30 unique plant seeds and 29 of them sprouted . Great ! The company provides excellent customer service also ... Thanks David
 I planted 11 of 12 of the seed types in a plastic egg carton , using a second plastic egg carton on top as a type of greenhouse . Everything sprouted -LRB- and much sooner than expected -RRB- , and I could n't be happier . Now it 's just up to me to keep them alive ! Thanks so much for an easy start , for someone who 's thumb is not even close to being green .
 Most of these herbs have sprouted . I was surprised at how tiny most of the seeds are . They are difficult to only place a few in the soil at a time . -LRB- not anyone 's fault -RRB- I will update when I transfer to the garden this summer . Shipping was fast and included was a direction sheet for how to grow this medicinal garden . So far So good !
 Great surprise . Highest quality seed product with the smartest packaging that I have seen come along for quite a while . I will buy ALL additonal gardening needs from this distributer .
 I recived the product 2 days after i ordered it . the quality is 5 stars i havent planted them yet cuz i thought ide have more time to wait on them so i could by plant pots but here they are lol . buy it buy it buy it !
 Very well put together product , with a good variety of seed to choose from . Plan on planting this spring , as soon as weather permits .
 This has a great discription on what each plant needs and how big it will grow . I have started several of my seeds already .
 I bought this product with the intention of growing them . I followed the instructions of each individual packet , and placed the seeds in the greenhouse with proper heat and water . The majority of the seeds have grown , such as echinaea , milk thistle , burdock , lemon balm , and cayenne . I have not gotten fever few to sprout after a few attempts . It is still a good purchase and they shipped immediately .
 We bought the tent for a party thenthought would n't it be great to use it to sit outside all the time . We bought the netting and we 're sitting out at night bug free !!!!! Great item !
 Overall a great backpack . Fits my 15 '' laptop perfectly . Resilient . Looks nice . Convenient pockets . Great price .
 my son had 2 walmart backpacks and they kept ripping within the first week of high school so we decided to get him a jansport we let him pick it out and he loves it hasnt had any problems with it since hes had it and amazon was the cheapest place that we could find itmy son is now a senior in high school and still using the same back pack will never buy another cheap backpack again
 This product was received in just a coupledays . It works great as a fertilizer and has been trhe only thing we havew found to keep rabbits out of the garden .
 I have used the gel and the baits of this brand and both products work but the gel is much more effective and works quicker . You put a little in the corners of you house or patio and you will notice the difference in no time .
 It stains , so be careful where you put it . But otherwise , this stuff is a miracle gel . The roaches are dead and they will stay gone for a very long time , if not forever . I like the little traps cause they do n't stain , but the gel is a miracle regardless . I recommend it 100 % !!!
 From holidays in a Near East country I brought back spices which were contaminated by coakroaches . For over half a year I tried everything to get the roaches out of my house . No remedy helped really and I got desperated in the end . Then I came across `` COMBAT '' and since 2 weeks of using the product the number of insects is going rapidly down . There is hope that COMBAT will destroy the roaches completely .
 This is a great product . I 'm very satisfied . If you have a problem with small roaches you shoul buy it .
 very pleased with purchase . quick shipping . item is attractive , especially for the price . much cheaper than in stores and good quality to boot . recipient seemed elated .
 I bought this product without reading reviews so I had no preconceptions . But within the first five minutes of using it , I was so frustrated with problems that I was ready to trash it like so many others . However , I read as many reviews as I could on a lot of web sites , did some trial and error on my own , and now completely like the product . I think my tips below address every problem I 've seen except for those who say it falls apart . I can only say that mine has been durable after going through six refills so far . Based on feel and examination , my expectation is that it will last about as long as an inexpensive garden hose sprayer ... a couple of years anyway.Before first use
 The reviews appeared justified however , after several user error factors on my part this product gets 4 stars because they need to provide clear instructions.First mistake . . Honestly ... Put it somewhere on the label to remove the plastic film on the container holding the fertilizer . I popped it on my hose and started going , nothing coming out . Ok my fault im an idiot should have checked.Second . Fill the container and let the water fill up completely . Once you do it works . HOLD IT LEVEL . If you start tilting or shaking the sprayer you get inconsistent amounts of fertilizer and it also starts emptying the water from the container needing it to wait to fill back up . Give it a try .
 I do n't think the people writing some of the negative reviews understand this product . They 've greatly increased onvenience over the previous version by adding the various controls , and the handle . It 's VERY hard -LRB- in this , or the previous -RRB- to actually see the water coming out as blue , but you can eventually see the water in the jar turning pale . Yes , it takes a while to fill , that 's the way any of these types of sprayers work . I have no problem with leakage -LRB- I will watch for that , based on the bad reviews -RRB- , mine had the washer where it belonged -LRB- if it did n't , I would have added one -RRB- . The instructions for the old one said to use it for 12 minutes , and then done , even if the water was blue . These instructions imply that the mixing will take place as you spray , meaning that shaking it to dissolve the crystals is counterproductive ; some clarification might help here .
 My old Miracle-Gro feeder was , well , difficult to use . It always dripped , it often squirted out its various inlet holes -- it stunk . When I saw the picture of the newer one , I thought I 'd give it a chance to redeem its ancestors . What a difference ! Three selectable spray patterns instead of only one , a comfortable grip with a built-in on-off squeeze valve that you can lock on or use intermittently , and the ability to shut off the fertilizer feed and simply shoot out water . And of course it came filled with the whole reason I bought it in the first place -- Miracle-Gro fertilizer !
 My wife likes this feeder compared to couple other ones I had purchased because its easier to hold and seems very functional . .
 I am back to purchase another one ! I could n't find this model in the store so I am going to purchase it on Amazon . I have owned mine for about 20 years , yep it lasted that long ... after this long the shut off switch does n't shut off all the way anymore , but thats ok , I didnt expect it to last forever ! I am very confused with all the bad ratings , I absolutely LOVE mine , I love it so much I am replacing it with another one !
 I bought this because I had the old one . Then I read all the reviews . I probably still would have bought it , based on my success and love of the last one , that finally broke after 10 years . I do not have luck with granular fertilizer as we do not often have rain , and you cant water enough to water it all in.I liked the old style better , but this is ok . The trigger handle does make it more tiring - I have a lot of flowers , so I may do this for 15-30 minutes each time . I did have the leaky blue water problem , what fixed it for me was NOT tightening the lid so much , but backing it off just a smidge . Otherwise , by filling the reservoir with fertilizer , and then water , THEN hooking it up , it is ready to go . I never saw blue water coming out of my old one either , unless I tipped it way down , and that was clearly an overfeed . I figure if it is blue in the reservoir when i start , and it 's not blue when I finish , I fertilized the flowers . I find the different setting to be helpful , as I water the leaves and blooms with the shower or flat setting , and some larger plants I shoot at the roots with the jet . I would buy another .
 I bought this sprayer without reading the reviews on Amazon . After reading the reviews , I was tempted to return it without trying it . I tried it anyway and was pleasantly surprised ! I did n't experience any of the problems described by the other reviewers . I own the previous model and appreciate the improvements in this one . With the different spray patterns I can reach into my flower patch without trodding through the dirt and can reach the tops of my evergreen trees without improvising a different nozzle . I also like the trigger . I use this like I used the old model . I fill the contain with fertilizer , top it off with water -LRB- you do n't want to screw it on dry or it 'll take forever to fill up and start working -RRB- , and add more fertilizer when the liquid starts to turn a light color . Miracle-Gro fertilizers seem to work well and , with this new sprayer , are easier than ever to apply .
 I love this product . I use their potting soil , the garden feeder , also the Miracle-Gro powder and next year I am going to use Miracle-Gro for tomatoes . Everything to blooming and the flowers are twice the size they should be and the tomatoes , the plants are taller than me -LRB- which is n't saying much -RRB- . But the bottom line is if you want healthy plants and vegt . use Miracle-Gro products .
 Of course , I was apprehensive after reading these negative reviews , but I have enjoyed the Miracle-Gro products for years and could not imagine that it would not work right . Then again , I can be quite persistent and if I did not like it , I would return it.Hooked it up to the hose and at first I was not too impressed . There did not seem to be any blue liquid coming out . Then I took another reviewers suggestion and filled the container with water before I started spraying it on the garden . That was the key . Start with a full sprayer and you will get the results you are looking for.Consistent light blue water came out of the sprayer . For my own peace of mind , I did shake the feeder from time to time to make sure that all the fertilizer crystals were making contact with the water . Do not know if this was in the original directions , but it is a good thing to keep in mind.Overall , I enjoyed the ease of use and the overall reliability of this product .
 I really like this sprayer . Easy , quick , and efficient way to feed my plants . I 've had NO problem with mine
 I 've had this product for three years now . I got it to water the lawn and put lawn feed in it which it works great with . Takes me about 15 minutes to use up the entire container full of fertilizer . It is pretty simple product , make sure all your connections are good and smug and it does n't leak on you , not hard to attach hose to -- I 'm very happy with mine and so is my yard .
 This is this best hose I have ever purchased . A quality hose for my garden at an economy price . I shopped at many local home and garden stores in my area and could find nothing could compare in price or quality .
 This was good product for the use I needed it for . I had a class project to do a in home test on my water . This product was easy to use and quick results . I would reccomend this product to my classmates .
 Cool until it got wiped out in a storm . It took so long to put up that I have n't the courage to try again . I 'm sure that once the bugs start biting next spring/summer , that bad boy will be right back up again .
 This is a well made item with double sided zippers and Velcro strips that fit perfectly under the hood of the canopy . It was a bit difficult though to understand which side is up or down and which is in and out . It does not matter for the zipper but it does for the Velcro straps .
 Bravo seems to be making these shades for quite awhile now and it shows . This kit installed fairly easily once i figured out how the poorly laid out instructions directed me . The only other gripe was i was n't sure it was compatible with my 100-S -LRB- Summit model -RRB- shade but it was after all . It does seem annoying to zip and unzip but that 's a small gripe.After all the minor annoyances with this product , it is solid and works well keeping insects out . I 'm glad i chose bravo over glaciers edge -LRB- which is a local store brand -RRB- because this shade & kit just plain works well .
 This really kept the bugs out during our camping trip . It is a little hard to zip , but well worth the money !
 I was real pleased with this screen panel kit.It was easy to install and fit perfectly . I wassuprised that Amazon carried these .
 We bought this tent for a camping trip to Lake McConaughey . We thought it was money well spent.We also bought the screen panel kit to go with the tent . 2 thumbs up for sure .
 The screen panel worked well . I was a bit concerned that it would not fit the commercial grade canopy , but it worked fine with a little rigging , so as to ensure access to the front of the canopy , which I did n't want closed off .
 Growing these mushrooms are so easy , & lots of fun ! This is our 2nd kit . Last one was Shiitake . These grew so fast ! We 'll harvest tomorrow , & make something wonderful w / these Enokitake . to buy these fresh , would have cost more , & been difficult to find locally w/o driving across town to an Asian market.WE LOVE IT !
 What a crazy mushroom ! I had a refrigerator full of growing mushrooms since these guys fruit under cold conditions . What a great mushroom and also very tasty !
 From collecting coffee grounds at the local roaster , to shredding newspapers , to mixing , watering and watching , this has been great fun ! And the home grown ` shrooms are delicious , to boot .
 I bought this to try to reverse engineer the soil to make my own . Works great with the plants that I had to pot .
 actually , growing mushrooms is pretty dang easy.If you plan to leave on vacation , refrigerate the kit . The `` special conditions '' consist of keeping the kit in a warm place and misting it with water daily.Personally , I 've gone from agar cultures to spawn to mushrooms on my first try - that 's impressive . A kit is a guarantee of mushrooms - Fungi Perfecti offers returns if it does n't work out for you .
 I recently expanded my indoor seed starting and bought 4 more of these lights . Very happy with their product.AgroSun Fluorescent Lamps 2 Feet -LRB- pack of 2 -RRB-
 Great price as long as it lasts as long as it says it will ! We 'll see !
 I love this sprinkler ... my lawn finally looks like a green lawn because this sprinkler covers and puts out the correct amount of water where YOU want it . I hope they continue making them and do n't change them . I wo n't buy another model ever .
 These NAAN sprinkler heads are the best ever . I have owned 5 or 6 of them . Theylast forever . They spray the water evenly , and quietly . Very quiet . They are adjustablein radius , and can be set to only water a triangle area.Amazon is the only place I have found them . Awesome.gm
 I used this to replace a broken , in ground sprinkler head . I was concerned about it holding up because it did n't seem as sturdy as what I normally use . It is very easy to adjust -LRB- no tools or wrenches needed -RRB- and seems to be holding up just fine .
 Looks nice but I have n't had a chance to use it yet . My husband took it over for a cage for his pet squirell . It works out just fine for that !!
 I bought this wheat grass for centerpieces for a party . It shipped quickly and I made 7 trays with less than half the bag . It grew in 5-10 days . So pretty ! Just make sure you have plenty of drainage , sit it in the shade while it grows , protect it from birds stealing the sprouted seeds and water every day .
 One of the best detoxification actions you can do for yourself is drinking fresh wheat grass juice . It 's been called `` liquid sunshine '' . And growing and juicing for yourself is so much easier and cost effective than going to the juice bar . Yes , it is easy.Grow your own `` liquid sunshine '' and feel really alive again!This product arrived with in just a few days - much more quickly than expected ! : o -RRB-
 I love this product . I am very excited to keep ordering this product . All the seeds grew . I will order again from this person .
 Seed sprouted easily . I am very satisfied with this wheatgrass . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone desiring to grow their own wheatgrass at home .
 Very pleased with product and shipment . Extremely fast shipper ! High quality seeds and great communication . Highly reccommend this company for all of your seed needs !
 These seeds are amazing , fast sprouting , and result in potent wheatgrass.Overall , excellent product.Plant a little crop every week for a constant harvest !
 This is my first time to order wheat grass and I 'm very happy with my choice . The product arrived faster then expected and the seeds look great . I ca n't wait to try them out .
 I 've been using these to make sprouted wheat bread . The bread tastes great , and I know exactly what 's in it . Happy customer here .
 My seeds arrived 3 days after ordering and I immediately began germinating to grow a few nice patches of grass . Almost all of the seeds sprouted and easily grew in soil . I had left them in the container too long and the roots tangled bad and got ripped but they 're pretty tough and still grew . The patches also came out real green and thick . I will keep buying them from here !
 I bought these seeds to make centerpieces and I was really surprised with how fast they grow !! I just planted the seeds on the potting soil without ny preparation or anything , and just kept watering it , and in 7 days they are super tall , ready to be displayed as centerpieces . Perfect for weddings !
 Got my order within 3-4 days , pricing is fair , keep in mind they 're organic seeds . I 'm currently soaking , rinsing process waiting for them to sprout in 2 or 3 days . So i ca n't write about the germination rate or success of the seed until later .
 The seeds germinated quickly and grew into a nice batch of wheatgrass . I wish I 'd known that wheatgrass usually only has a 2cut maximum before dying but that 's not a batch problem , just a wheat grass issue .
 Absolutely buying from here again ! They grow so fast , taste so good -LRB- sometimes I just eat the soaked seeds , or sprouts -RRB- - I did no calculations or anything but I completely believe that the description is 100 % accurate ! Buy and you 'll be happy !
 With the major , stand-alone , pet food stores only offering about an ounce of seed packaged with some dirt for $ 10-plus , I wanted to find a better means give the cats the greens they crave and save my houseplants and wallet . I purchased the 5 pound bag from Root Naturally and uploaded pics of the product I received . It comes in a resealable bag so the review of the spilled seed in the shipping box resulting from the twist-tied bag may no longer apply.I seeded two 4 inch pots . The first shoots sprouted in 5 days and began taking cuttings for the pets 6 days later once the shoots reached about four inches in height.I 've been taking cuttings daily for a month and there is a lot left for this batch . The hard red winter wheat seeds from the pet food store would be done growing after a month , turn brown and die.This product of hard red winter wheat seeds is still growing strong after a month with no signs of discoloration and dieback . I 'll grow this year round rather than letting the pets eat grass from outside . After all , I now have plenty of seeds .
 perfect for growing wheat grass , dont have a bad thing to say . and a good price for 5lbs
 I 've sprouted , with water only , several trays and I get about 80 % germination . I 'm sure I 'd get 100 % in soil , but I find water germination and growth cleaner and easier to use . Great flavor juiced !
 Excellent product quality . Just do it yourself . Just add water , can find the perfect instruction on YouTube to make the perfect juice .
 These all sprouted pretty quickly and seem to be high quality as advertised . However , the bag was cut all over the place and was leaking seeds everywhere , which was somewhat annoying .
 Bought this with my seed sprouter . Works great . Good price and great product fast service . And organic . Ca n't do any better than that .
 The seeds produced lush plants of wheatgrass . Growing them could not have been easier . I am very happy with the purchase .
 I bought this to grow grass for my cats . The cats love eating it . Only problem have to be careful and get it completely covered with dirt but not too deep or does n't grow as well as should .
 I am a first time wheatgrass grower , and this seed is fantastic ! It sprouts exactly as planned , and grew like crazy -LRB- with good attention to watering -RRB- with both soil and simply on a plastic plate . The germination/grow rate is incredibly high and the grass is just as lush as you could want -LRB- and this is in OHIO sunlight -- meaning not a lot and weak -RRB- . I highly recommend this seller and will buy myself again when my supply gets depleted.Also , just for the record , I 've been making wheatgrass smoothies every day in my Vitamix , and this grass does n't taste nearly as bad as everyone says -- and if you mix in fruit it 's actually very tasty ! A word of warning , though - if you mix a red fruit -LRB- strawberries , grapes ... -RRB- it does turn a revolting color when mixed with the green grass . Solution
 Very happy with everything about this product and company . My first order arrived the end of July and I have been sprouting about 1 flat a week for my chickens with great success ... and most of all they love the wheat grass ! I really appreciated the no fuss packaging which I am sure helps keep our costs down and is better for the environment . I will be ordering this product from this company over and over . I appreciated the fast response to my order and the no shipping fees !! I thank you for your super service and my girls thank you too !
 I plant this in pots and use it as cat grass . -LRB- Never tried eating it myself . -RRB- They LOVE it . It 's so much cheaper doing this than buying `` cat grass '' and it 's more reliable and easy to grow . My cats -LRB- and dogs sometimes -RRB- love to snack on it a little bit to aid in digestion . It also looks VERY nice and I can see why people might grow it just for decoration .
 I had never tried to grow wheat grass -LRB- nor any kind of grass -RRB- before . I followed the online instructions and voila ! in just a few days , thick , lush containers of beautiful wheat grass . great !
 I ordered the wheat at the same time as my new juicer , so it was great to have the seed arrive so quickly . Now I am sprouting my seed already -LRB- germination is looking good -RRB- as I await the arrival of the juicer .
 Excellent price on these seeds . I no longer will let my indoor cats go without grass . Easy to germinate and very strong growth . Best of all , I will never again get ripped off buying seeds in those containers for cats -LRB- usually out of stock -RRB- .
 Second batch I 've ordered . I use a cup of seeds , soak/rise for 2-3 days in sprouting jar then distributed evenly on surface of 10-20 tray 2/3rds filled with sand/soil mix . Good germination , dense growth results . I have a greenhouse attached to house , goes out there to Chlorophyll up a bit once sprouts are an inch or so high . With this seed I 've gotten strong up-standing stalks , but will tend to slump once over @ 6 '' tall .
 The package got here very fast - the kernels look great - now I have plenty to sprout ! OK , got ta write more words - I really just wanted to give a rating ...
 I bought these to give wheatgrass a try . They sprouted VERY fast and are now growing in a tray . I used a couple of drops of hydrogen peroxide in the water while germinating . I am very happy with my purchase , and will be placing an order for a bigger bag in the future .
 We are growing wheat grass like mad , and enjoying the benefits of the wonderful juice we extract from the sprouts derived from these auspicious seeds !
 We just bought a grain mill and using these grains to mill was a breeze and so delicious . Our first loaf of bread made with these grains freshly milled was incredible . I had no idea what the difference in taste might be like . The grains were timely shipped and arrived clean and neatly packaged . Highly recommended for good taste and health .
 I just grew my first batch of wheat grass and it was so easy . Some of the sprouts did n't grow completely , but that may have been my fault because I did n't leave them in a dark room when they 1st sprouted . Otherwise , I 'm very satisfied .
 I had previously , somewhat negatively , reviewed this product as the germination rate was extremely low when growing hydroponically . This means the sea kelp soaked seeds were placed in a Master Sprouter tray or a tray from my old Fresh Life electric sprouter , covered with a the vented lid from the mesh I had bought at Jo-Ann 's crafts , wetted with sea kelp spray , put in the dark , misted or lightly sprayed with tap water or sea kelp mixture 2 times a day until the green shoots appeared and then put on a kitchen shelf near a window to continue to grow to 7 inches and green up . Germination rate was so low , it was not worth repeating . Kitchen temperature is about 78 degrees.Since then I have switched to an organic soil , vermiculate , perlite mix . Using about 1 inch of soil in the Master Sprouter trays -LRB- Sproutpeople.com -RRB- and following the same process as above , the germination rate is excellent . Thick crop , very green . HIgh yield juice using a Healthy juicer.I have now reduced the soil to 1/2 inch to see if I can get away using less organic soil . But at this point I am very please with this 5 pound bag of wheat berries , even though they are smaller than my previous order from Dogwood Farms.I was very please with Dogwood 's product and phone help , but , when it was time to order I could not remember the name of the seed -LRB- Genisis -RRB- nor the company name so I bought from Amazon instead . In previous Genisis crops growing in a full 2 inches of soil I have gotten a second cutting . We will see if that is possible using less soil and this current source for the seeds.Con : Either due to the extremely hot weather , or the seed source , I am getting a ton of mold on the seeds themselves , but not the grass . I did not have a mold problem with Genisis seeds . Once the weather cools down -LRB- Arizona desert , although the room is kept at 78 degrees , we will see if the mold is still happening . If so , then the organic label of the seeds may be in question . In previous years , when I used non-organic wheat berries from Whole Foods Market on a whim , the white and green mold was fairly thick . When I switched to Genisis seeds from Dogwood Farms , there was NO mold . Same time of year . Only time will tell .
 These seeds worked well . They sprouted in 24 hours and within three days the Wheatgrass was about 2 - 3 inches tall . I ordered these seeds almost two weeks ago and am starting my fifth tray .
 I used the seeds for a Biology project where I had to grow a plant and test the effect of pH on growth rate , but I am a terrible with plants !! I can not grow anything or keep what plants i buy alive ! I am the opposite of a green thumb , a black thumb if you will . These seeds came within three days of ordering them and in great condition . they grew to max height for my project -LRB- about 12-15 -RRB- inches in just twelve days . i was happy with the product and I would recommend it to anyone , whether for the sake of saying `` I can grow something , '' or for the many benefits that this super food can provide . I fed my resulting crop to my bunny and even my dogs and cat were interested in it .
 I have found that a large patio tub planted with wheat grass keeps my cats away from attacking my house plants . These seeds are far superior to the ones I was buying in my local pet store . They sprouted within two days with the lushest , greenest leaves . My salad loving kitties are having the best time . Highly recommend .
 I bought this wheat grass to make arrangements for my daughter 's wedding . It grows very easily and looks great . I just wish I could have bought less !
 everything about this vendor and it 's products ... . is excellent . i am very happy with this transaction and that i found this vendor at amazon.com . super fast shipping and great quality .
 I ordered these seeds to grow wheat grass for decorations at my wedding . During my test grow I planted seeds in pots on a Thursday and by Monday they were an inch or so high ! They are pretty hearty and look great for decoration . Ca n't wait to grow more for my wedding !
 This grass grows very well and very quickly . I just use it for ornamental purposes , and it looks great !
 Takes a few days to kick in but then it started growing like wildfire . A week from from germinating it we had full grown wheatgrass ready to be cultivated . Almost too much for our little pot to handle . Never really got a chance to juice it or drink it so ca n't comment on that part of it . Started growing in all different directions and overflowing the pot because we did n't cut any of it off for juicing.Still have a bunch of seeds left and maybe will plant more another time so I can make a comment on it more .
 Not much to say , presoak it , plant it , up pops Wheatgrass and then the kitties devour it . Have n't had any problems growing it beyond user error
 I 'm too poor to own a car , but not too poor to order wheatgrass on the internet . Is that irony ? Depends !
 Now , if only the dogs and cat would eat it . Grew beautifully even though pets wo n't touch it . Lush green .
 I 'm glad to purchase this product . They germinate fast -LRB- soak the seeds over night -RRB- and my cats love to munch on it .
 These are absolutely amazing ! Every morning that I woke up and everyday that went to work , I could see that they had grown about a 1/2 inch or so From the videos that I watched on line and the info I read about growing wheat grass , they all said that it takes about 2-3 weeks of growing before you can start juicing . But Not these seeds !!! I soaked three jars of seeds last Saturday night into Sunday morning and then sprouted 2 jars until Tuesday morning and planted them . Come today , which is Monday -LRB- so about 9 days after soaking -RRB- of the following week I just cut and juiced my first batch of grass . I planted the 3rd jar of seeds on the Wednesday morning -LRB- 1 day after the other jars -RRB- and found that the sprouted roots had grown so much that they were all tangled , so it was difficult to get them out of the jar and to separate then once I put them in the tray for planting ; so I would recommend that you sprout no more than two days . A quick side note about mold ; I read somewhere that the quality of the seeds will determine whether or not you get any mold , and I have had no mold issues whatsoever , however I also soaked the seeds in a 2 % bleach solution for first 15 mins of the overnight soak as suggested on the package of the seeds I used to use before . Hope this helps !
 If you own cats , females more then males you know they like grass to eat it helps there stomachs.Pet shops charge $ 6 for a small pot , with this you grow your own and get fresh grass all year long in one bag for a fraction of the cost .
 5lbs of wheatgrass seeds is a lot . Way too much . Plus , it 's impossible to kill these seeds and not get them to grow . Soak them in some water , throw them on some dirt and you 'll be buried in knee high grass in no time .
 Easy to grow . Soak seeds in water until they sprout a little . Put seeds in growing container with dirt . Grow in low sunlight that is indirect .
 Bought for the cat and she loves it . Very easy to grow just follow the directions.Recommend this for people and pets both .
 This product is very good health wise , Fast growing and plentiful . I will further enhance my and my family 's life with these types of products and also sprouting of grains .
 Germination took place within 7 days and had a great germination rate . Cats love it and our parakeets really love it to death .
 I bought this bag and a set of trays to grow my own wheatgrass . I have not had a single issue with it , and when I compare it to the price my local Whole Foods wanted for a small 8oz package -LRB- &#62; $ 8 -RRB- it 's a huge cost savings.I 'm on my 6th tray now and will never buy wheatgrass or it 's juice again .
 The quality seems to be very good , with good germination . There are less costly alternatives , however , such as bulk from a health food store .
 This item was exactly as advertised . It arrived on time andnon great condition.Not the best price I have seen but excellent quality makes up for it .
 All of my seeds sprouted and grew long enough to juice in just over a week . If you plant enough to juice everyday , this bag should last easily 2 months .
 My first time to grow wheat grass for juicing . The seeds I received look really good . They have grown quite well and hope to purchase more . High quality stuff !
 I use these for growing wheatgrass . All the grains germinate and fully grow . I have been doing this on and off since I bought these about a year and half ago . The grains are still good .
 These seeds grew like CRAZY !!! I planted them in the summer and one day they grew three inches before lunch . Granted that is not typical but overall - outstanding . Great value for the price too - 5lbs is a LOT of seeds .
 This is very good seed and alot of it . I use itfor growing wheatgrass for juicing , grass actually is greener than the already grown grass I have gotten from the health food store
 We did n't even soak the seeds so many hours as instructed on their website , and it 's sprouted and is growing quickly ! It says `` Certified Organic , '' but does n't say by whom ... Probably not USDA ? Or maybe it 's about 70 % organic ?
 I planted this wheat about 6 days ago in a raised bed garden and it 's already 1 1/2 inches tall!I also sprouted this wheat in a sprout jar and it was very productive.So I 'm happy with my purchase !
 Just what I ordered ... seeds . I planted them and within 7 days they are green and several inches high . i am growing this for a wedding centerpiece and It 's beautiful , so I did n't eat it . but my rabbit did , and she approves !
 As I am writing this I can see these seeds growing . Just kidding but it has been 4 days and each and every seed has sprouted and is over an inch tall . I can not believe how fast these are growing . I am looking forward to juicing these seeds . I have 2 15x9 plastic containers sitting next to myAeroGrow AeroGarden Pro 200 with Master Gardener 1-Season Kit and Gourmet Herb Seed Kit . The light from this bleeds over onto the wheatgrass seeds . I dont know if its the lights , the soil or the seeds but these are amazingly fast growing seeds.I didnt even bother planting the seeds . I just sprinkled them on the surface -LRB- like in nature -RRB- , of damp soil and covered it with a cellophane covering . They have all dug in and have jumped up.I will update this review after we try the first juice from these.Overall a fantastic product , performs better than advertised!Thank you for reading my review .
 Wow ! I just bought this to grow at home and they are going a long way . I like that they are packed in separate packages . Pretty good .
 I have the EZ Green Sprouter . When I bought mine , I bought the seeds from the same company too . The cost was a bit pricey so I checked Amazon 's . I went ahead and placed an order for one 5lb . Granted , I 'm not new to growing Wheatgrass , I followed the SAME simple steps but with these new seeds . I am AMAZED ! Not only do these seeds produce green blades of lush grass , but there is NO mold ! Whereas in the seeds from the EZ Green Sprouter , their seeds grow skinny , light green and moldy wheatgrass . I love my EZ Green Sprouter , but their seeds can not even compare to this merchant 's ! Normally once my wheatgrass starts to mold , I would have to start cutting them , separate the mold and then extract the juice . With these seeds ? The grass is still growing even higher than my EZ Green Sprouter and with NO MOLD ! I am so thrilled to have found a product that is a great value and delivers excellent quality . I am yours for life ~ ! Thank you !
 The quality of these seeds is excellent . They begin to germinate for me in 24 hours and in 3 to 5 days they are ready to use . I 've never sprouted seeds with results as good as this . I can easily recommend these to the sprouter , whether for human consumption or your four legged friends .
 Im growing wheatgrass to juice and so far these seeds are growing FAST ! every step has been shorter then expected . Well packaged ! each bag was the correct amount that i use for one tray . : -RRB- Each tiny seed is taking off . . if i drop one while planting i make sure to find it ! lol these seeds are alive!definitely will order from again . . which will be after i run out hahaha
 I was a bit hesitant about spending this much on a fountain but after reading the reviews I went for it . The assembly took some time but is well worth it . The other reviews were right , the hose from the pump is too short but I made it work . You have to keep the water level just right and the chimes ring perfectly . If it gets too low they will stop . I also only use distilled water and clean it monthly . I would buy this same fountain all over again and have recommended it to friends and family . EVERYONE that comes in my home , since it 's on my table at my front door , comments on how beautiful it is and how relaxing the chimes are . The only thing I would change is I wish I could hear the water over the chimes a bit more . Other than that , I love it !!
 Very prompt delivery ! It took a while to decide a perfect place for this item . The set up was easy . I just looked at the diagram and hooked up the pump and off it went . Nothing needed to be adjusted . Initially I thought the pump was a bit louder than I expected . But the more I listened to the bells , the pump noise seemed to disappear into the background . The sound is ever so subtle but just perfect as a background sound for my home office . It is very refreshing and calming . I really love it . I saw it a few years ago , but waited for a few years . I am very happy with this purchase !
 this water chime fountain adds a serene feeling to the home . It is decorative and the sound lovely we all are so pleased with it
 I have two of these fountains , neither of which I bought from Amazon . I left a negative review of the first one I got at the site where I bought it , but since then I 've mellowed on these . I ended up with two because the first one 's bells kept dipping into the water , and I could n't get them to stay upright . That 's a definite problem with this fountain and the reason I bet a lot of people have them in the attic . Replacement floating chimes should be easy to order , but they are not . I ordered a new fountain and planned to return the other one . However , I got new chimes and then found that in this case at least two are better than one . So I kept both of them . And I 'm glad I did . I just have to figure out a way to get a supply of replacement chimes so that when one takes the final dunk , I wo n't be sitting around in silence .
 The sounds from the flowing water and interspersed chimes are beautiful . Each morning I sit about 25 feet from the fountain and read and meditate ... it 's a beautiful way to start the day ! Setting up the fountain took some attention and moving the pump and chime fixture around to get the chiming just right and reduce pump sound took some time , but now it 's great . The pump sound does not bother me at all . It also helped when I placed small rocks on the bottom so that the moving water diverted the moving bowls to more chime sounds . LOVE IT and would buy the fountain again .
 i really like this product . if you buy it , you will need to take a srew driver and tighten all of the bells as mine arrived `` loose '' , but no big deal . the second problem is that you cant use both floating bells as they tend to tip each other over . so only use one . makes just as pleasant a sound .
 If the bells are n't moving it is Not the fountain ~ it also may need to be tilted so the bowl is even I used slab stone & some rocks . Yes copper turns color but its is socool/fun . It needs up keep just like every thing else ~ Luv It !
 reminds me of a song by Aaron Neville . Will I ever hear the bells ? Yes ! Love this and will shop this company again !
 I have had my my fountain for several years and still love the musical and soothing sound . I usually use distilled water , but sometimes tap water . I have had no discoloration whatsoever . The bowl is a beautiful copper . Since it is metal I can see how it might be more susceptible to minerals in water , but I would think that a bit of vinegar water on a cloth would restore it easily . I found that I do have to spend a little time getting the bells properly positioned for the best effect . The effort is absolutely worth it , however , to get the end result . Other fountains can become annoying , but not this one . I have been known to keep it going continuously for days at a time , providing me with a melodious and soothing background for any activity I am doing .
 I bought this fountain 5 years ago , is pretty and the sound of the water and the soft bells are so peacefull , two of the bells are floting around and make the sound when hit the center bells.You will love this fountain and you will feel the peace of the water and chimes sound !
 Nice piece , but needs an O ring to connect flow diverter to the pump . Otherwise it wo n't put out water flow , just sucks up air & wo n't get the bells to circulate.There 's no seal to create the connection so you 'll have to go to the hardware store to pick that up -LRB- the O ring -RRB- . The diagram they give you to connect does not document the need for the O ring , but nothing comes apart to try to get it on there any other way.The cord to the pump is NOT an outdoors type of cord . When I looked up Garden fountains this came up . Sounded nice & since it came up as GARDEN use , I thought it could GO outside.Not with that cord.So it 's inside the house , but now am STILL searching for a GARDEN fountain for outside.It does sound nice & does work but you have to play with it a little .
 I received this as a gift , and can say it is the BEST tabletop water fountain I 've ever owned . I 've had many small table tops , however , this is a copper bowl -LRB- awesome -RRB- with fixed brass bowls , as well as floating brass bowls . The copper base is beautiful from the beginning and becomes more so with patina . For cleanliness I use distilled water , not tap . I truly enjoy the chiming effect of the bowls . If your fountain pump makes noise -LRB- could be do to placement on a hollow area -RRB- , just pad it for insulation and it will be perfect ! Thankfully , no splash on surrounding areas !
 Love it ! Read some mixed reviews about it , but I find it to be great . Just have to check the water level every three or four days . Motor is effective and very quiet . Works really well for indoor use . Love it !
 LOVE LOVE LOVE this fountain . I 've looked at it a number of times at local stores , but never bought it . My friend has had hers for a number of years and her copper still looks new ... She 's actually wanting the copper to oxidize a little like they are in the stores . The water sounds and music of the bells which ring faintly as they bounce against each other are just loud enough . This is my favorite item that I 've purchased in a long time . Especially at the price I got which was over $ 40 less than local . I love this fountain so much that I 'm considering buying another one to put downstairs in my office !
 I bought this for my 13 year old nephew who has anger issues and is in counseling for this . He heard this Chiming fountainAt a spa and liked it . he keeps it in his room next to his computer and says it calms him down by listening to it .
 This matched our All Weather Wicker patio furniture almost perfect and is a great upscale look for the deck . It is a great alternative to the common resin deck box that you see on everyone 's back patio !
 Good solid sign . Printing is good and even came with nail to mount to a wall . My daughter really liked it .
 The viper works well . It climbs the walls of the pool better than the hammer type cleaners . The hoses do n't tangle and it spins out when trapped in a corner . It does have a little trouble getting all of the steps all the time.I think the small sand bag attached to the main filter bag could have a better design . All of the debris tends to fill the small sand bag and little goes into the larger bag . I still am not sure if this is normal.Overall it cleans the bottom and the sides very well .
 I added these cinders to some recently potted plants and It really Brightened them up . Also helps to equally distribute the moisture and provides a Great appearance . Very Pleased . ~ A Satisfied Customer ~
 It was exactly what I wanted , the price was great and it was delivered in good time . Perfect !!!
 Super product ! Great Xmas present for my son ! I would recommend this flag to any Redskin fan ! Arrived on time .
 This just the garden flag I wanted because it is colorful and reasonable price . I live in Florida and my Redskin garden flags must be replaced every year so this is perfect .
 This flag was given to me as a gift from my wife for fathers day 2010 , it is now June of 2011 and the flag is still flying well in front of our home . It has not faded or tattered in any way . Excellent purchase !
 Sadly , we needed to purchase a stone to honor the loss of a pregnancy/baby . The phrase on this stone expresses our thoughts so perfectly . It is made to be indoors , I believe , but we have placed it outside as a garden memorial . I have to compliment the seller/shipper as well b/c we got this in the mail only two days after placing our order on a weekend . I do n't know if the company just respects that folks are probably grieving and need this quickly or they are just have a fantastic organized shipping procedure or both . Regardless , we got it well before expected and it is a beautiful product . If you are looking for stones to memorialize or grieve , this is perfect .
 This stone is beautiful . My only slight complaint is that it does not have the green edges as shown in the picture , but it is still really nice nonetheless . It is very heavy and of good quality .
 I liked the freeze alert & humidity sensor . The user manual says it is accurate to + / - 5 % . The outdoor sensor can not be placed within 6ft of a TV/Computer monitor/metal , etc. . It also needs to be protected -LRB- somewhat -RRB- from the elements . Inexpensive 20 .
 We did n't have any problems with istallation or communication . I hung the remote on the outside wall , immediately under the roof overhang , so that it would not get wet or receive direct sunlight . The display is in the kitchen , about 20 ' from the remote , across a brick wall with a window in it.I find it very interesting that even with all our windows open , the house temperature track far behind the outside temperature . I also like having a second indoor temp reading in addition to -LRB- and far away from -RRB- our thermostat reading . I use this thermometer to decide exactly when to shut the windows and turn on the AC because it 's just too hot outside .
 I bought this indoor/outdoor thermomter for my father . HE LOVES it ! Very accurate and easy to use .
 This does what the big 4-5 dollar stones u might find locally . I give it good ratings on oxygen amount , size , and price . A little brittle I dropped one barely and it quickly broke so their not as tough as ur large stones but they perform as well just require more care
 I bought 25 lbs of these Soy Beans . They came in a shipping box inside a plastic bag . My thoughts on their method of shipping is this . If for any reason the box should get a rip or puncture in it during shipping it will more often than not puncture or tear the bag . Not the best way to ensure delivery safely.There are no instructions for how longs these type of beans need to be soaked before using in a soy milk maker.The beans as far as I can tell are of good quality and I have had no problem with them absorbing water though I did come across a black corn kernel when measuring out some beans for making my soy milk which I go through a gallon a day.So it would be nice if the packaging was better and it included some indication of how long to soak these beans.Over all I do like the beans , their taste , color and quality of produced milk .
 Definitely the best deal on Amazon for Soy Beans . We have a Joyoung CTS-1098 that we make soy milk with multiple times a day . We go through a lot of beans . The beans are great . I will definitely purchase again when I get closer to running out of this bag . Very happy .
 The soybeans were delivered fresh and took only five days . Price was fine with me however my neighbor combined over 100 acres of soybeans the following week and sold me all I wanted for a rediculous cheap price . We all love our soy milk especially without chemicals . ... Don
 If you use the soybeans to make soymilk , you would love it . The taste is just what I like . Try it .
 Fast shipping , well packed.Used these soybeans to make soy milk . As another reviewer mentioned , after soaking the soybeans in water for about 8-10 hours , the water is still clear . Made very tasty soy milk from these beans.Will buy from this seller again .
 I make my own soymilk , so it is wonderful to have a box of clean soybeans on hand and ready to go . These seem to be of the highest quality .
 My soy milk making machine can handle dry beans . No need to soak it . Makes perfect soy milk . No problem at all .
 I bought the soybean for making soy milk . it 's sure great organic soybeans . I will but it again . After I soaked the beans in the water for 8 hours , I can tell the water was so clear . Good quality !
 Bought a soy milk machine . Now make quinoa milk , rice milk and soy milk . Big money saver and easy .
 I bought the 10 lbs from the same company on E-Bay . I paid a bit more than the price listed here.The other reviewer was right in some way . Out of each cup , there were 3 or 4 beans that would not absorb much water . What you can do to reduce this is to use warm water and soak it for more than 24 hours . I change water -LRB- warm -RRB- 2 times each day . Sometimes I soak it for 2 days and all beans are fully soaked . I did not have to pick them out and my soy milk maker can take it without any problems.One thing you have to remember is that organic produce is not as ` perfect ' as your normal counterpart . They do look worse and sometimes not as perfectly shaped . One more thing to consider is that I read it few days back that the bigger and better shaped produce these days actually contain less nutrients compare to 20 years ago . In order to grow faster and bigger , the plants just use more ` filler ' , which is suger or something like that . Pound for pound , you are actually getting less nutriens with the bigger and better looking produce these days.Another thing I noticed is that after soaking them in water for few hours , the water is crystal clear compare to the other soy beans I bought from local store . And the color of these beans are much vivid too . It gives me the feeling these beans are fresher . I have no way of knowing if these facts are actually mean anything but they make me feel good about the product.As for old beans . Well , there is no way to be sure that your local store would have new beans unless you live in the country side . All the beans sold in average store maybe produced few years back anyway .
 I use these to make soy milk , and they work great . My only minor gripe is the packaging . When I 've bought the same beans in smaller quantities , they would come in smaller more convenient sealed packages . The 25 pound bag comes as one big single bag which is a bit harder to store . However , if you prefer minimal packaging , this is a good thing . Again , the beans themselves are great .
 Bought to use with Soyapower plus soymilk maker . These beans were a total score . Good price , good quality , and the soymilk they produced was much better than with the beans that shipped with the soymilk machine . I could tell they were nice and fresh by how easily they -LRB- inadvertently -RRB- germinated when i soaked them . I would definitely buy these again , but i do n't think i will need to any time soon . 25lbs is a heck of a lot of soybeans , and when it only takes 100 grams to make a quart and a half of soymilk , these are going to last me a long time .
 I 've been trying different brand of soybeans for home-made soymilk . This is the best one I 've found so far and plan to stay with it for long . Soybeans look actually smaller than other brands , after soaking overnight , the beans are very easy to be processed . Produced soymilk tastes much better and while cooking , it has some natural aroma smell . Highly recommended for anybody looking for THAT RIGHT SOYBEANS for homemade soymilk !
 great product . I do let them soak for about 12 hours and then rinse again and remove most of the skins before making soymilk . I prefer using the 2 cup measure for a more full bodied taste -LRB- that is their measuring cups not 8oz cups -RRB- By the way I use the soy pulp in all kinds of things , baking , soups , cereal , bread etc the sky is the limit . Waste not want not .
 I have used these soybeans to make soymilk , tofu and a cutlet from the Okra . the only waste has been the whey from the Tofu making process . I soak them overnight and they have produced an excellent end product , the milk tastes like skim milk .
 Tastes good . Came in box and was bagged . The soy beans were clean and were fresh . The flavor was good . I would buy again .
 This is an excellent purchase for a small yard . Durable , easy to move around and adjust , no leakage at all where the hose attaches to it . If your yard is large you 'll need to move this around or get multiple instances of it attached to multiple water sources . The square footage that it claims to cover is fairly accurate . For the $ you will not be able to complain .
 The plants were fresh and green , They are ready for planting and I was very satisfied .
 This is a hummingbird attractor ! It grows as a vine -LRB- it can grow up to 25 feet long ! -RRB- and produces beautiful cluster of trumpet shaped flowers . The flowers bloom from June until the first frost in the fall . The vines will attach and climb any support . They make a wonderful trellis by the mailbox in rural areas , or aside a home or patio . They are hardy in zones 4-7 and will come back year after year . This variety -LRB- Campsis radicans -RRB- is available in several colors . Get several colors for a radiant display!konedog
 This plant looked rather scrawny . The leaves came off in the fall . i 'll see if it revives in the spring . I had one before and loved it and it waas very large and hardy . I hope this makes it through the first cold winter .
 THis vine 's zone hardiness is 4 . Very hardy . Hummingbirds only recieve 10 % of their food intake from feeders , so these type of flowers are essential . Grows to a large vine plants on a trellis or the side of a porch .
 I bought two of these in the spring and planted under a 7 foot tall by 8 foot wide trellis . Each sent up one sad little vine for the first month . Then as I was considering more plants to cover the space these two went crazy seemingly over-night and have now covered the trellis and I am out there every couple of days to trim and groom the multiple vines . It really looks great although I have n't had any blooms yet .
 The trumpet vine arrived in very good shape . I planted it the next day and it is thriving . So far it has doubled in size and I look forward to it getting established . I had bought seeds from another site but none of them sprouted . Thanks for the great plant!Bill
 This sprinkler provides very uniform water distribution over small and large surface areas , with flexibility re direction and size of the arc . While the mechanism is made of plastic , the sled is made of thick metal , the coupling is brass , and there is a water screen in the hose fitting to minimize clogging . Over two seasons not a single orifice has clogged , and its oscillating performance remains excellent . Very cost effective item .
 Having owned this sprinkler for over a year , I have never experienced the problems reported by the other reviewers . It is true that it is a little difficult to do major adjustments when water is flowing , but that is because the water is putting pressure on the gears . You can easily make minor adjustments while it is running , but it is better to stop the water before making big changes to the pattern setting . The sprinkler is solid and performs better than the many cheaper oscillating sprinklers we have owned previously . The only suggestion I would make to the manufacturer is to make the nozzles removable so that if a small object inhibits the water flow , it is easier to remove .
 Quite some time ago , I purchased my first glider . After many years , everyone liked it so much I rarely got to use it . In hunting for another , it took quite awhile to locate a source . Since then , I have purchased two , one going to my son-in-law in Canada , another for me .
 This is the greatest chair ! It is hard to find a glider in a singe chair ... especially one at is sturdy and good looking . It is very comfortable , glides easily and is well made . It was easy to assemble . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I was not sure if I wanted a rocker or a fixed recliner for my outdoor porch . I came across this glider by accident and at first dismissed it . I remember as a kid seeing gliders made of metal with springs that groaned and made up of fused together rust . After reading other reviews and taking a chance , I bought it . It went together easily enough except for one locking bolt that did not line up . I had read another reviewers suggestion that I keep a drill handy , and with that and a little persuasion , it came together fine . Even though the wood was treated at the factory , I live in Florida where everything gets old before it 's time , so I gave it a treatment with teak oil . It looks great , feels solid and is very comfortable . Great buy for the price .
 Assembly was straight-forward . It 's well-made , very sturdy , but light enough to easily move . Gliding mechanism is smooth . It 's exactly what I 'd hoped for
 Great tape and real durable . Amazon price lots better than pond and garden supply store .
 I enjoy the jellyfish . It is quite bright at night . The product is designed to be used after dark . Very unique pool toy .
 it is very useful during winter time when i need to monitor the humidity prior to turning on the humidifier
 We purchased this to help us have a better idea of the humidity level in our daughters room and it is a great item . However , we must have overlooked that it is see-through , which means it can be difficult to read at night when we 're peaking in at her . Not a big deal , the size is perfect and it looks sleek . Great item .
 Item was very well priced and when it arrived it looked a little subpar . The metal was somewhat rough-cast looking without quality finished edges but after several uses I decided the product was up to Corona standards . No sharp edges and works great . A tad bulky but it works great !
 I bought this to replace a leaking hose end on a Major brand 3/4 '' hose . According to the product description it should work for a 3/4 '' hose . In reality , it works on a 3/4 '' hose but not great . There is still a little bit of water that leaks by . I 'm talking drops , not streams or spray leaking by . The product is fairly well made and easy to install . Make sure you have a nice clean squared off cut on your hose before attempting . I am pretty happy with it , but ca n't give it 5 stars due to the leaking . I cut reseated it and cut the hose 3 times to try and fix it and have decided the problem is in the clamping . With only two screws there is just no way to get an even clamp on it to completely eliminate leakage .
 I broke the female end to my hose and decided to replace both ends instead of one . These are strong and easy to assemble . The hose will fail long before these fittings do .
 I would highly recommend this product as it saved me from purchasing a new hose . Its constructed from high quality materials and works well@@
 Thick walled machined brass male end , with secure , heavy duty , rust free fittings . Makes for quick , and easy garden hose repair .
 This coupling worked well . It 's easy to install and so far I have no leaks . It 's sturdy , much better than the plastic coupling I had purchased earlier .
 It seems every year I have to repair a hose . I have been looking for a quality hose coupling that will last . Here is one that can not go wrong .
 This cost-effective metal male coupler does a fine job for repairing a hose , or making multiple shorter hoses from a longer one you no longer need . The screws do a fine job of holding the coupler on the hose tightly . They have none of the problems with minimum cost plastic couplers that may strip when tightened enough to stop a leak or come off the hose when pulled across your lawn .
 I have an old , heavy duty garden hose that developed what looked like a bulge near the end where we hooked up the nozzle . While the hose is old , it is a 100 ' hose and in excellent condition except for that one problem . I did n't want to repair it using a plastic coupling I saw in my local store for fear it would n't be strong enough . When I saw this Gilmour Zinc one , I was a happy camper . I have purchased other Gilmour products and never been sorry I did . I can say the same for this . It was easy to use ... cut the old hose , snug it into the coupling and tighten the screws . Been using this just about everyday for almost two months and not one leak or problem with it . Why throw out your hose when you can repair it in minutes ? Definately recommend this .
 I 've only used the coupling a couple times so far but from what I can tell it works perfect . It 's easy to install and does n't leak . I added some Teflon tape around it to ensure that it does n't leak just in case . 100 % durable metal no crappy plastic components . Went on really easy all you need is a Phillips head screwdriver .
 Very nice quality and a good price . Easy to install . I would buy it again -LRB- and probably will at some point -RRB- .
 I went way to long with a seized nozzle on my hose . I did n't realize it was so simple to repair .
 After the original brass coupling started leaking on my 100-ft 3/4-in hose -LRB- which otherwise was functioning perfectly , so it was senseless to replace the whole hose -RRB- , I tried several replacement couplings - of plastic and of metal , none of which worked adequately - before buying this Gilmour coupling . It is far more substantial and sturdy than either the original coupling or any of the replacements I bought it ; the screws are hardened and the heads do not strip ; and the seal fit snuggly and without leaks the first time I attached the nozzle . In fact , the nozzle fit better into the Gilmour coupling than into the original hose coupling -LRB- of the same brand as the nozzle -RRB- ... in part because I replaced the rubber washers , too
 This cost-effective metal female coupler does a fine job for repairing a hose , or making multiple shorter hoses from a longer one you no longer need . The screws do a fine job of holding the coupler on the hose tightly . They have none of the problems with minimum cost plastic couplers that may strip when tightened enough to stop a leak or come off the hose when pulled across your lawn .
 I would highly recommend this product as it saved me from purchasing a new hose . Its constructed from high quality materials and works well@@
 Bought this to repair the last foot of a 120 foot hose . That last foot developed pinholes , where I 'd hang it over the water valve . This repair device keeps my hose in service a lot longer and it 's very simple to apply .
 This is a well made heavy coupling it just did n't fit the hose sized it was for . This was a heavy duty thick hose so your mileage may vary . It is built like they used to be built no plastic . I would buy again for a less heavy duty hose .
 Shipped fast and arrived in good condition . I used this to replace a plastic repair coupling that I had installed a year ago . This should hold up much better than the plastic . The clamp is zinc and the rest is brass . Nice quality and it went together quickly and easily .
 These repair couplings are simply the best . They are heavy duty and last a very long time . Not like the cheap plastic repair couplings . These are the only ones that I will use . The same goes for the Male repair couplings too .
 It 's not often that you come across a product that is so well built . It is solid and very durable . Very pleased to extend the life of a good quality hose -LRB- and the coupling seems built to last longer than even the best hoses . -RRB- And it is certainly more economical than purchasing a new hose.Very easy to install . Less than 10 minutes start to finish . Just needed knife to cut the original hose and a screwdriver to tighten the coupling.So good that I just bought another as a gift .
 I broke the female end to my hose and decided to replace both ends instead of one . These are strong and easy to assemble . The hose will fail long before these fittings do .
 Worked perfectly and was super easy to install . All you need is a sharp utility knife to cut the old connector off , and a screwdriver to secure the new hose clamp . The zinc-clad clamp is robust and should last for years , plus it 's reusable . Great quality - the brass female threaded connector is n't a cheapo stamped cap , it 's actually a machined part . I wo n't buy anything else in the future if I need to repair a hose .
 I purchased this nozzle and a Gilmour hose from Amazon at the same time . This product appears to be well made but the main reason I purchased this particular nozzle over other ones was because it stated that it was `` made in America '' on the product description . It is in fact made in China . I was a little annoyed by this because I paid more for this nozzle over others because I thought it was made in America . The hose however is in fact made in America .
 Cant find this `` Gilmour '' in any local store ... and I 've been looking for years . I 've had an old Gilmour for the past 10 years and wanted another . Now that I found them at Amazon , I ordered two . Reasonable price considering what I 've paid for junk at the local discount stores and they would only last maybe two seasons . Love 'em ... love'em ... you will too ... so go ahead and get two !
 It is getting harder and harder to find nozzles like this that have infinately variable spray , ranging from a fan to a steady stream just by squeezing the lever . Most new ones require you to twist a nozzel on the end ... which is a waste of time when washing a car . I have used this before . I have 3 worn out ones in my garage . I was happy to see they have a lifetime warranty which I did not know . The picture does not show it , but it has a nozzel shield surrounding the threads on the spray end . Helpful in case it falls up against a fender ! Works great .
 I never realized a `` nozzle '' could make such a difference . After using cheap box store plastic ones that cracked every time you dropped the hose , this nozzle is a real surprise . It 's turned my hose into a pressure washer ! Really nice product .
 This nozzle is a classic.We still keep the original Made in USA nozzle purchased 30 years ago.This one 's Made in China , still it functions just like our old nozzle.I bought this particular model only because Amazon does n't ship the full metal version to my country . This one has a hard , cheap plastic cover for hot water use.The trigger is plastic but has a good feel . Its easy to remove the cover if u want to.I did . Now its nicer to hold . Initially i thought the trigger was a little hard to press.But , once you see the water jet , you forget everything.It becomes fun.Its so easy to switch from a soft mist to powerful jet.It will give you the best performance out of a low pressure system like mine .
 I got this bad boy and i have n't have problem with it yet . It is well made . I should last many years .
 Better than you can buy at Home Depot or Lowes ... good quality for the price . I like the insulation on the handle .
 Does exactly what I need it to do . Not hot to the touch at all . So far so good . Use it once a week .
 Somebody ran over my spray hose attachment . I replaced it with this one , and its an improvement over my old one . For the price I like it .
 We have used this nozzle in our milking parlor for years . Previously one of our dairy supply companies carried it and when they no longer did I found it online . It is the best nozzle we have found that uses the largest volume of water for an awesome spray . I ordered several of them to always have one on hand . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a super nozzle.Cindy from Iowa
 By far the Best nozzle i 've ever purchased , I 've had it for a month now and I love it , after using it the first time I wished i 'd bought two of them . When using under just household pressure It will shut out a precise jet stream 40 ' . give it a try `` It will be the best $ 9.00 you 've ever spent '' .
 Had this for over a month now , works as expected . It 's not fancy but it gets the job done . It 's very solid , I 'm not worried about tossing it around at all . Great buy for the price .
 I love this little gem . Very solid , easily adjustable , and comfortable . Great for the yard and washing cars . The little things ... I like the color . lol
 Just washed the cars and I like it . Seriously , it operates and feels like a quality nozzle but only time will tell if it can hold up .
 Nozzles exactly like this -LRB- except for the plastic cover -RRB- have been around for at least 40 years , manufactured in a dozen companies , and sold under a wide variety of brand names -- for a very good reason -- they are the best design . They are perfectly and easily controlable , durable , and do n't leak . Functionally speaking , you ca n't buy a better designed garden hose nozzle . The plastic grip cover and plastic handle provide insulation if very hot or very cold water is flowing through the nozzle.Note the little thumb screw at the end of the piston can be used to adjust the type of spray when the handle is maximally squeezed . If you wish , you can tighten the screw -LRB- you may need pliers to do so -RRB- back from full unfocused flow to the tightest stream -LRB- with the handle lever fully depressed -RRB- for long throws -- that makes long throws a little easier.One reviewer complains that there is no `` medium '' strength , e.g. , for filling buckets . What do you expect ? The actual `` problem '' , as far as that reviewer was concerned , is the nozzle is `` too good '' -- it delivers full pressure , at all but the tightest mist setting . Although it does have a `` closed '' position , this is a nozzle , NOT a valve . If you want a VALVE to reduce the PRESSURE , then install aMelnor 390S Hose Shut-OfforGilmour Brass Garden Hose Connector With Shut-Off Valve 03Vjust before the nozzle . Or , close your faucet part way . Alternatively , to fill a bucket , loosen the thumb screw , then `` open ` er up '' -LRB- squeeze the handle lever all the way -RRB- -- the result is is maximum unfocused flow , which is perfect for very quickly filling a bucket , etc.CAVEATSHere in the tropics -LRB- South Florida -RRB- -- the year-round heat is hard on all garden tools . After a year or two , the zinc metal body can seize on your hose and be difficult to unscrew . I suggest greasing the screw threads with silicon grease when you install it on the hosePermatex 22058 Dielectric Tune-up Grease - 3 oz.If you do n't have silicon grease on hand , buy a tube -- it terrific for improving electrical connections and refurbishing rubber items , and even for lubricating things such as this . While you are at it , lubricate all your hose connections -LRB- both the threads and the seals -RRB- to prevent leaking and to make it easy to screw-on and - off the hoses and accessories.Why not petroleum-based grease ? Petroleum-based grease damages rubber seals . However even petroleum grease is better than no grease -LRB- besides most hose gaskets are now plastic , not rubber -RRB- After 2 or 3 years of abuse the action can begin to get stiff , presumably caused by internal corrosion -LRB- or the original grease having deteriorated or lost -RRB- . Ideally , keep the nozzle dry -- at least do n't keep it in a muddy puddle , or half-buried in acidic soil . It is good idea to lubricate the piston with grease when you start to notice it getting stiff . -LRB- With the water off , squeeze the handle to expose the brass rod . Apply a liberal amount of grease to the piston -RRB- . If the nozzle is very stiff , take it off the hose , spray it heavily with WD-40 , let it soak for 15 minutes or so -- that will probably adequately loosen it up , but is not a permanent solution -- you still need to grease it.But those are the extremes -- reasonably well taken care of -LRB- or at least not abused -RRB- a nozzle can last 10 years or more.ALTERNATIVES > Folks with arthritis or weak grips may be happier with traditional brass nozzles , such asDramm 12380 Heavy-Duty Brass Adjustable Hose Nozzle . These are virtually indestructable , and hold any particular spray pattern until you change it . > High quality all plastic versions are available for use around salt water.Gilmour Salt Water and Marine Nozzle 474S > There are cheap plastic versions you can get for $ 1 -- $ 2 in `` bargain bins '' , which are a good deal for the price , but are not nearly as durable , and through an Amazon vendor when you add shipping your total cost is the same as a zinc or high quality plastic sprayer . > There are versions with spray-pattern or nozzle heads on the front -- but that sabotages the virtues of the basic design , reducing the sprayer body into a mere valve . You 'd be better off with a brass nozzle sprayer mentioned above . I find constantly having to rotate the head to select the 1 or 2 spray patterns I use to be very annoying . For example -LRB- not recommended -RRB- Gilmour Pistol Grip Nozzle 327 Teal/Red > If you MUST buy a nozzle with selectable spray patterns , I suggest theGilmour Select-A-Spray Comfort Grip Nozzle 594 Black/TealorGilmour Select-A-Spray Metal Nozzle 584 . One setting is the full-action . NERD CORNER
 As soon as you put this in your hand you will kick yourself for not having bought it sooner . Like many , I bought $ 1 , $ 5 , $ 7 nozzles that lasted all of one season . They are just cheap junk . We forget about how often we replace them because they are cheap at the time . This particular model is their heavy duty , which should last though hot summers and cold winters . It has brass components , a nice sturdy feel and is rated for both extreme hot and cold water conditions . It attaches easily and does not drip at all during use . A small depression of the handle gives you a gentle fan while a full depression gives you a powerful stream . Compare this one with that cheapo you have now and you will clearly see the difference . It is certainly money well spent .
 The previous Gilmore was really the best water spray nozzle I had ever used until the new dog we got from Animal Car Services ate the plastic handle off . I repaired it but it never seemed the same afterwards . So I looked for a new one online ; and found one at a more affordable cost than the first one . I 'm really satisfied with the Gilmore Spray Nozzle . You can not go wrong with purchasing the Gilmore , it really works very efficiently with its variable spray controlled by the handle - reducing the time you spend hand spraying . It is also constructed to last but I do n't think it is guaranteed against small all devoring puppies so store it away if you want it to last and provide you with proper service . ***** Gilmore Got It Right *****
 This is a good , sturdy product . Control is not great and the spray pattern is not all that consistent , but I 'll take that for a product that will stand up to some abuse .
 I bought another nozzle on Amazon that had the spinning head for different sprays . It was okay , if you did n't ever want any pressure . I opted to try this nozzle , and it works awesome . A more comfortable grip thanks to the insulation over the straight-metal versions and has increased my jet spray from a meager 20ft to a strong 40ft . I ended up buying a second one .
 It took a minute to decide how to adjust the spray but once I found that it was great ! this is a precise spraying nozzle . And i 've tried a bunch . this one appears to hold up well and wish I had bought it sooner . a good productWell made for the money .
 It seems that every year I buy a new nozzle at Home Depot , leave it on the hose all summer , and by the fall it is rusting and leaking . Rather than buy a new Home Depot model this year , I thought I would see what Amazon had to offer . I am extremely pleased with the results . This nozzle is strong , durable , and well built . It does not feel flimsy like cheap nozzles . It has survived several freezes outside and still works with no leaks . Can not comment on its longevity yet , but so far ... a good choice .
 I am glad I purchased this nozzle . This is a quality product that feels well made and sprays like its internal components are top grade . In a day when things are often cheaper and worse , here is a nozzle that is well made , feels solid in your hand and puts out a great spray .
 Like all the other Gilmour products I have purchased in the past . This is no exception . Sturdily built , fits in my hand perfectly . Does what it is designed to do , and does it well .
 Got this nozzle based on the previous reviews and must say the nozzle is bad a $ $ . Feels really good in your hand , shoots a solid strong stream when wide open , and does n't feel like a piece of junk . Time will tell on how it holds up .
 The Ontario machete is exactly what a machete should be - lightweight , easily sharpened , one piece / full width tang construction , and a reasonable price.Of course there are prettier / sexier / flashier machetes and bush knives , with the attendant high prices , and I would never tell someone to forego their Rambo / Jungle Bob hand forged Damascus wonders . But the fellows who run one of the finest survival training camps in the USA , Randall 's Adventure Training in Gallant Alabama , have always sworn by simple , well made , inexpensive machetes as THE number one tool for navigating in jungle growth , vines , heavy brush and so on . And this strong Ontario , American made blade fits that description perfectly.For vines , branches , small limbs and such , the light weight and perfect balance of this blade are exactly the right combination.The edge , out of the box , is typical for a machete , and can easily be brought to whatever degree of sharpness the owner chooses . You will notice the lightweight being a great feature after swinging it through brush or general backyard duty , for an hour or so on a steamy hot day , when heavier blades would make you yearn for a wrist and forearm transplant . The black oxide finish will preserve the blade from rust , although it is a good idea to use a good oil or other metal protectant after each day 's use.A sheath is available if desired , but if you put a good 550 loop through the thong hole , you can hang the blade up in any safe place as well as looping it around your wrist , loosely , just in case of a slip while using it.One minor improvement to consider - The handle , while solid and well done , is typical of machetes ... it is functional , period . But using either a ` tennis racket ' tape , or any other textured wrapping , around the handle , will give a much better non-slip grip - important when your hands are sweaty or the handle is damp with plant juices.And BTW , mine came from Cutlery USA . I have had a number of items from that company and their shipping time is truly incredible . In a matter of days , the blade arrived , and this is typical of their fine service .
 This nozzle is wonderful , it is easy to use and versatile . I was using another type of nozzle for my gardening and car washing but , I was not happy with it . Then I saw your advertisement featuring this nozzle and I said &#34; This is it ! &#34; I sent for it and I am extremely happy that I did.Sincerely , Eugene Irvin Jr. .
 Use these nozzles in unique application . That is , other devices can be connected to the output . Notice in the photo that there are threads on the nozzle -LRB- output -RRB- that you can connect any other device that uses a standard hose fitting.Glad to have found on Amazon .
 This is a nice item . . Beats all the other metal sprayers i use.Wont even rust up on me.Like my other sprayers . . Thank you for having this product ... Has a nice grip also . . My other sprayers are clutsy ... But this one i purchased from Amazon beats them all.Thank you again.Domenick .
 We seemed to go through the `` typical '' sprayers in no time . Generally , the internal springs would rust out . Not with this one , been using two of them for quite a while now and they 're still good as new . Comfortable to use as well . The threads on the `` business '' end are a nice touch , though I 've not found a use for them yet . Could put a sweeper nozzle there , but have n't really seen the need .
 I used one of these Gilmour # 593 hose nozzles for years , but I finally wore it out . It was , without a doubt , the BEST hose nozzle on the market . To my surprise , when I went to replace it , I could not find another one in the local `` Box '' stores . I turned to Amazon.com to obtain another and it was well worth it !!! The Amazon seller , ANTONLINE.com , was EXCELLENT ! This EXCELLENT Product was sold by an EXCELLENT company .
 I do n't know what people were expecting from this . This is a high-end tarp , and it does what a tarp does . It keeps out leaves , sticks and the neighborhood cats . Water does collect on the tarp , and often , when you pull it off , the water dumps into the sandbox . But water is n't a problem , since it sinks into the sand -LRB- and kids like the sand wet -RRB- . The problem is all the yard debris that gets onto the sand if you do n't have a cover . And for protecting the sandbox from nature 's debris , this tarp does a great job . It stays securely on and does n't blow off . I 've been very happy with ours . After six years of being outdoors all through our New England winter , it has worn out -LRB- ripped , faded , gotten a bit mildewy -RRB- . I 'm replacing it with the same thing . People who really do n't want water to collect should buy a hard plastic cover .
 Good tank at a good price . Fast shipping . . Great for extended BBQ ing ... and better if you have the Hulk as a neighbor to help you lift this into your truck for filling ... They ai n't kidding when the lable it 100 # ...
 I purchased the Flame king tank and could n't believe how inexpensive it was . This tank was much more money , elsewhere.The tank was brand new and in perfect condition . The shipping was very fast .
 I have a house that was built in the 50 's . It 's got an old Beckett oil furnace . When the burner was on the fire was cutting out for a fraction of a second and then burning again . -LRB- it even sounds like it 's cutting in and out -RRB- This was getting increasingly worse to the point where it would cut out for a full second . I do n't know anything about oil furnaces so I looked it up online and learned the basics of the oil furnace parts and what they did . After reading about someones account of problems similar to mine and that he solved it by replacing the filter I decided to take a wrench to my fiter and see what I could figure out . It turns out that the filter is real easy to remove . Do a search online so that you can figure out what the filter housing looks like . Take a wrench to the large center bold which lowers the bottom part of the filter and once loose , it can be lowered all the way and removed.I actually fixed my furnace by wiping the old filter element clean . It was covered in black goo . I just checked Amazon and found these filters at a really reasonable price so I just ordered 2 of them . The next time my furnace starts acting up I 'm just going to replace that old filter with one of these new ones . When I described my problem to a furnace repair man he wanted $ 100 just to come out to take a look at my furnace . So , I just saved myself a lot of money . I also read that it 's recommended to replace this filter once a season.By the way . Because of the way my filter is mounted above the fuel line , when I removed the filter the fuel in the fuel line leaked back toward the fuel tank . When putting the filter back on I filled it with kerosene so that there would n't be any air in it but when I was done I aparently had a large air bubble in the fuel line . After about 20 seconds of the furnace running with no fire I remembered to press the burner reset button . The first time I pressed it the burner fired up for a few seconds then cut out . The second time I pressed it my burner lit back up and ran fine .
 Good replacement filter . No problems with installation . This is an exact replacement for the original filter .
 About your oil funace , I have ben working on them for 30yrs . When you take out the filter have a new one to replace it.Also when you filled the oil filtercontainer . you have a wrench the size of the air bleeder , on oil pump , just like disk brakes . -LRB- but it 's on the bottom -RRB- put a container under it . Then as soon as the furnace kicks on , open the bleedfitting until oil starts coming out , not just foam , that 's mostly air.But as soon as pure oil comes out , close the fitting and and furnace should light off right away.A tip try and do this 1 day after a delivery , because of level of oil in tank is higher , and waiting a day lets sediment settle and will get trapped by filter.yearly maint . includes checking if electrodes are worn out , some are adjustable.Also if you have a old furnace , you can save money by haveing a new high speed burner put in.also if you ever change your furnace stick with oil.Iused to do boiler efficiency tests oil can get upto 97 % , gas like 89 % You can always pay $ 50 or $ 100 worth of oil to any company to hold you over.Also if changing the furnace get a cold start boiler and a 40 gal amtrol hw heater , wired for priority HW , shuts off heat when taking a shower.Also the boiler will never come on unless you need it.Unlike old boilers even new ones that have the HW coil inside , which means your oil furnace , must stay at 180 degrees no matter what.Waste of oil . Hoped that helped.ps if your beckett burner has a cad cell the red button will be on burner , if not old furnaces use a bimetal safety , which must be cleaned anually , -LRB- shut off power remove stack switch and just use a hand wire brush , take the soot off , tht 's what is causing it to malfuntion , soot is insulatin the bi metal safety -RRB- usually can only get at holding screw thru top of boiler right above safet stack switch.If it does n't sense heat in 15 to 30 seconds will shut down furnace . the newer ones has a fire-eye sensor under the the transformer that can get dirty too , just wipe clean.Kenny
 This item is a little to big in length , but I had to cut it to size . Overall not bad .
 So glad I found this online , I looked all over and could n't find this in my area , it 's hard to have heat when the filter is bad
 local hardware store closed due to new -LSB- Walmart.whitch would not carry a product like this . -RSB- So it is great to be able to buy online .
 The information provided suggested this filter fit my oil furnace.It did not resemble the old filter that came out.That being said it fit fine and I do not have any leaks.I can not say how well it is actually filtering . For now my oil furnace operates normally so I can only presume that the filter is working properly.I will replace this filter after one year per furnace manufacturers recommendation . This might or might not be needed but I will do it anyway since these are not particularly expensive .
 this item was ok just as I expected I wish you didnt have to comment here on every thing , one two three four five six seven
 It 's a filter ! I have n't installed it yet and probably wo n't for years as it 's a spare but when I do I bet it will filter just like a filter or possibly even more so . If so , it may well exceed my filtration expectations . I would not recommend the purchase this product to anyone who does n't need one .
 I used this charger to charge up a car battery that had been sitting for a long time . The car started so I guess it worked ! The charger comes with detailed instructions on how long to charge a battery at the different settings . I would reccomend buying a battery tester as well . The gauge on the front did n't seem to move much , so I am still unsure if it is working properly or if it is just a bad battery . This charger seems heavy duty and I expect it to last a lifetime .
 A heavy-duty battery charger that can handle the most difficult jobs . It lacks only one useful feature , a timer that shuts the unit off after the appropriate charging time is reached , without the operator having to be present . Other than that small emission , this is a fine product .
 Schumacher continues to make products worth buying . The manual design from long ago means when you use it , it just might work .
 Works great with plenty of output to juice up large batteries . The top handle could be designed a little better so it sits down rather than standing up all the time .
 I 've had an older revision of this charger for many years . It 's a lot better than those `` trickle chargers '' and is even powerful to start a small car ! -LRB- barely -RRB-
 The first thing you notice when this charger/starter arrives at your door is the weight . Yes you can carry it around but it is by no means light weight . At about 10lbs this is no plastic toy . Its got a heavy metal case , sizable clamps , and a plastic handle on top . The dial is a simple twist from 6v 30amp to 12v 10amp to 12v 30amp to Start 12v 200amp . The manual is a small booklet full of the usual warnings , a step by step on proper jumper placement , and a table to calculate how long to leave a battery on the device . It is manual and will not shut itself off so you can damage a battery with this thing . Of course it is manual so you do n't get the usual faulty responses either -LRB- I consider this a pro -RRB- . Great no compromise charger !
 Thank God we can still buy a MANUAL battery charger.I dry camp with no hook ups in the forest.I have a smart charger too but it resets its-self because of voltage varitions from the generator , hence that is why I bought this charger.Fluctuations dont bother it.Charger runs great.Charges the battery great . -LRB- use must watch because charger doesnt shut its self off autatically -RRB- like the smart chargers do.BUT heres the best thing . This charger packs as much punch as some of those huge up right chargers with wheels . Can you imagine carting around one of those camping ?! Anyways , its built tough except the handle -LRB- its plastic -RRB- The product was packed very well.BTW good luck finding one of these locally . I looked everywere.I got free shipping and NO tax to boot ! got ta love the net !! Thanks Amazon
 I really like this charger . It has a lot of power and it 's much lighter weight then most others that have this amperage . Some are so heavy they need wheels , but the SE 3010 can be carried easily . I highly recommend this product .
 I know nothing about chargers but when I read albout what it does I got this for myHusband for Christmas and he was thrilled just perfect for what he needed , automobiles , golfcarts , tucks and our R.V. ... So it was worth the money and investment ... score one for the old lady !
 Great Value . Shipping was rough on it but the fix was simple to the selection switch ...
 The Schumacher SE-3010 packs a powerful punch - I needed this one because of it 's size - I did not want to be wheeling around a big one in the snow & ice . Too much of a hassle.Shumacher is a name known for battery chargers - and I got mine for $ 101because of the $ 30 off when you get an Amazon.com credit card -LRB- off first purchase -RRB- . The only complaint I have is the handle - I would have preferred a tubular metal one , with a rubber coating - instead of a plastic one.I 'll probably make my own - because of Murphy 's law - the handle will break , then the charger falls to the ground - then I 'll be at square one again ... I am extremely satisfied though . Extremely -LRB- except for the handle -RRB-
 The charger works very well . It has plenty of power to recharge batteries that have been used for a long period of time without recharging . We use it to recharge our camping trailer and boat batteries .
 Ca n't beat a Schumaker . This an excellent battery charger for the farm or garage . Rapid charger to a 200 amp jump . Price could n't be beat from Amazon .
 this is a very nice charger ... it is heavy built , all but handle is made of plastic ... great charger for charging semi batteries or something with more than 1 battery !!
 This is one powerful charger and you know it the minute you pick it up.Feels solid and puts out the amps . That 's it . Get ar done . Ed
 i purchased this a week ago and found it to be very acccurate easyy to program and just a good wireless thermometer
 Very happy indeed with this Timex unit . I heat with wood and have quite a few thermometers . The Timex wireless is accurate and reliable , and good value for money . Combine that with low price and Amazon quality service and you 're looking at a winner here .
 This is the 4th a wireless thermometer that I have bought over the years and it is the best .
 Wireless thermometer works great has a neat look about itLove the way you can sit it anywhere
 works great seems to be right on with temp outside sensor need to be put in a spot were it will not get wet batteries seem to last about a year well worth the money .
 This product , has met all its expectations and more . It is very convenient and easy to set up . The back light is a nice feature , that comes in handy when it is starting to get dark , I dont need to turn on another light , just to see this . It is very accuate , according to our local weather forcast . I would surely recommend this for anyone else that needs a thermometer like this .
 Product was excellent and as advertised . It was shipped promptly and in suitable packaging . I would deal with this company again .
 Worked great out of the box - - very accurate from what I can determine - I 'm certainly happy with the product and the seller .
 This morning it is 17 outside BURRRRR !! This works great , nice knowing what day of the week it is too .
 I used this grill for tailgating and camping for a few summers and have really enjoyed it . The legs are admittedly a bit tough to get out of the holes sometimes but it is a minor inconvenience . When grilling I always am sure to fill the bottom pan with water , it makes cleanup a breeze . I like that the grill top is removable , I use the burner with pans and myCamp Coffee Pot . When my husband and I bought our first house we even used it before we took delivery on our appliances and -LRB- bigger -RRB- gas grill . This is a nice starter grill , serious tailgaters will want more , but enjoyable for a couple of people and super portable for camping .
 for the price , this is an awesome grill . i agree with a reviewer below , some people expect too much for the price . the unit is lightweight and very portable . the `` flimsyness '' does not feel like a thrift store feel . It feels quite strong for a lightweight , $ 40 grill.clean up is a breeze . if you did n't read the instructions , you are suppose to fill up the water pan . the water pan is also removable . it makes cleaning such a breeze.Being able to use this as a grill or as a stove is very convienent . Clean up is good . Portability is awesome . For $ 40 , this is definately worth the money . Just do n't expect the quality to be equal to that of a $ 99 grill like some reviewers on here .
 This grill has been incredibly convenient . It 's small , lightweight and works very well . I love that it can be used as a stove top or a grill . My husband and I camp often and this is the perfect solution for us . It 's well worth $ 40 and any time we have people with us they are always commenting on how much they love the grill too . Not only would I recommend to take it camping but you can even use it for a day trip to the beach or something like that .
 I would give it 5 starts but the electronic start mechanism clogs fairly easily which makes it difficult to start if using it more than once in a day . The easy work around is just lighting it with a match but it still does n't function exactly perfectly after prolonged use .
 We are in a small apt . now and had to give up our gas grill.We thought grilling was over , but thanks to this little gem wecan enjoy it again.It is very convenient for pop up dinners or when the kids come overfor hot dogs . It tends to stick and you have to watch it pretty closeand move the food around to the edges to cook evenly , but it iswell worth the extra work.We would recommend it highly !
 Light and easy to setup or take down . Follow instructions to put water in pan or it may warp . Brewed coffee , boiled chicken noodle soup , then grilled hamburgers and hotdogs at camp . Grilled steaks while tailgating . Used it as a Hibachi grill on the dining room table and our guests were impressed . I love this stove/grill .
 Although not a Toro OEM blade , it 's an identical replacement and seems to be of equal or better quality . Arrived quick and faster than expected . Blade was 2 bucks more than on their web site -LRB- same shipping cost -RRB- but I wo n't quibble -LRB- saved money on gas -RRB- . Overall very pleased .
 The lawn mower blade was delivered on time at a great price and is a Toro original equipment part . What more can you ask for ??
 This is not a Toro blade , but it looks the same , and should work fine . always goos to have a spare .
 My mower blade was in shambles and sharpening it would have cost just about as much as buying a new one . So , I bought this blade . It cuts the grass smooth and it seems a vast improvement over what I had before .
 I have found this spray to be quite effective , so far . I like how easy it is to use and I spray it on again after a rainstorm . It does n't have any offensive smell and I am able to share it with my friends who have a similar problem
 One morning i noticed that something had been eating my geraniums We have a lot of deer in the area and i figured they had been feasting on my plants . They are a bit high for a rabbit , but you never know . I searched online for something to repel them and found Deer Away . I ordered it on Amazon and got it in a couple days . All i can say is that after i sprayed the plants i never saw any more evidence of being eaten . So whatever it was this seemed to keep them away . I would reccommend it to anyone who has plants exposed to wildlife .
 Canada Green grass seed is the hardiest fast growing seed I have used to date . It grows in even the worst soils with minimal loose ground and some water . If it is n't watered immediately , all one needs to do is wait for rain . It will grow immediately thereafter !
 Clearly this grass does n't do well everywhere . But what do you expect ? The grass seed blends I really liked when I lived in California wo n't do well in Connecticut . Canada Green grows and needs to be mowed all the way into November which blows the minds of my neighbors , and it gets off to an early start in the spring . It 's been very good for me in an eastern US climate belt . I tried lots of local mixes and never found anything this good . All of my neighbors for quite a distance come to compliment my lawn and the truth is , it is better than theirs .
 My sister who lives close by used this Canada Green grass seed and her lawn is fabulous ! I fear I &#34; m more exhuberance than skill and it did n't do well in my yard . I &#34; m will to give it another try ! Be informed that there 's a LOT of rye in it which means in warm weather it wo n't do well .
 planted seed after receiving it per instructed.watered for 5 days and seeds germitated and after 2 weeks started looking like a lawn.ordered more for ny front lawn.very pleased with product .
 The seed arrived in a timely manner . The seed germinated well in the areas of shade where it was applied . With a little watering the grass seems to have established itself in the last 3 weeks .
 I orderd some of this seed about a year ago and grew like crazy , so I ordered more so I could plant around my Gazebo and did n't let me down , germinated in a few days amazing stuff and grows very thick . Great stuff . .
 I have lived in western South Dakota for 28 years and in my home for 18 years . I used sheep manure and top soil with this grass and covered it with straw because of the birds and this was the first time I have ever had a yard full of grass since I lived here . I had tried every thing prior to this other than sodding which was my next choice . I was so impressed I bought more of it and plan on doing the rest of my yard this spring . This is the only thing to grow in this awful soil we have here which is gumbo and it gets like a rock in the summer time . My neighbors were so impressed they asked me what in the world I had done because they wanted my secret.Canada Green Grass Lawn Seed Mixture 4 LBS Bag
 We are entering the spring season and have been amazed at how green our grass has been all winter . We may be the only people in town to mow our lawn in January next year !
 I bought this about two weeks ago and I planted it immediately as directed . It started growing within 5-7 days , and I am happy of how green it is , but One pack is not enough for a 2.5 x 2.5 meters garden . It seemed to fill the space but now that it 's growing , it seems that I need another pack .
 Received the Canada Green and our lawn has never looked better ! It 's the best looking lawn on our block and we could n't be more pleased . It took about 2 weeks to really start coming in and it continues to fill-in even choke out our old bermuda . It might take a couple of seedings , but definitely delivers what it promised for us . We 're thinking we 're going to have to mow a lot more often !
 So far , so good ! It 's taking longer than I thought it would , but we still have a ways to go .
 I am very pleased with the start of the overseed that I planted . On Sept 29th I fertilized & overseaded 4 lbs . of Canada Green . It is very noticeable , expecially the rye grass . -LSB- Writen on Oct 19th -RSB- Hopefully , the real benifit will show up next spring .
 I bought Canada Green Grass through Amazon last fall -LRB- 2006 -RRB- . Prior to overseeding with it in my front yard , I core aerated and dethatched and then put the seed down heavily . I covered it with straw and it came up great with a few bare patches left before winter came.This spring , I am amazed ! It is growing into an incredibly thick and beautiful turf ! It looks wonderful ! I have done this process before with other seed mixtures , but never with this kind of result . The only question mark is how it will do once we have our very hot and very dry spell here in Missouri this summer . But the thickness and density of the turf is what has amazed me the most .
 I 'm lazy - so I just lightly raked up the dead grass in the bare spots , then tossed the grass seed on the mostly bare patches of ground , covering them well , then got a 40 lb bag of potting soil and lightly tossed a thin layer on top to hide the seed from the birds and to hold moisture . Then set the sprinklers to run daily for 2 minutes a shot at 5 AM , noon & 4 PM to keep the area damp.In a week the seed sprouted and I 've now cut it for the first time and it 's really filled & blended in well.Prep is important , and I did n't really expect this simple technique to work , but it did . Super easy & quick.I sowed the seed within a few days after it arrived so it was fresh & kept it out of the light . It was fall in North California , so not hot and not cold . The area is fairly shaded by trees also.Very happy with the results .
 seams to be growing well so far , Just needed plenty of water and it took a week and a half for the first sprouts to show up , just do reserch to make sure it will grow in your location .
 EXcellent product . very fast growing grass . I have used it before and luved it . My grass is nice and green !! Fast shipping too thanks Amazon
 As advertised , Canada Green Grass Seed WILL germinate and grow to an inch in just 6 days . In 14 days you have to mow the lawn . It grows like magic on sandy soil , rich soil and maybe -LRB- but have n't tried to yet -RRB- grow on cement . I have been using this product for over 4 years and the seed has never let me down . If you want a lush lawn in two weeks ... Canada Green Grass Seed is the product you want ! Amazon.com
 I have used Canada Green for three seasons now . I have tried Scotts and expensive pennington seed but Canada green is so effortless !! It greens up my lawn every year . Very little raking and you just scatter the seed . I use the seed and fertilize with Milorganite . Try it , you will not be disappointed .
 We had beautiful green grass in our front yard all winter long . Now we 're getting ready to do the backyard .
 This grass rocks ! I 've planted it according to typical instructions and also by throwing handfuls over sparse grass . It fills in quickly and fully as long as you keep it moist . It 's grown in my yard where I could n't get other seed to take root . This stuff is amazing , so I bought more to reseed my entire yard !
 Not exactly what I expected but I planted the grass seed and followed the directions and amazingly , I have grass growing in spots where I could not grow any prior .
 We bought a 2lb bag of this to test it out on some bare places on our lawn . We scattered this seed as well as some `` name brand '' seed we bought from a local store . The Canada Green sprouted faster and is coming in thicker than the other seed we used ! The only reason I did n't give this 5 stars is because it arrived with a few holes in the bag . I 'm ordering another bag today so that we can finish the other bare spots !
 This reads just like one of Canada Green 's ads -- but I did plant it where foot travel prevented all the other brands I tried but &#34; Oh Canada &#34; came through with a hefty head of hair , whoops , grass , where none grew before . It 's got my vote and I already ordered more .
 green green green ! We did n't get much rain but we had the greenest grass in the neighborhood . We told alot of people where to order it .
 I first tried Canada grass seed last year along with more expensive seed . The Canada seed came up great and this summer it was the only grass that stayed green throughout our HOT dry days . All the other seed turned brown . I did n't water because of the water bills , but Canada grass stayed green . Love it .
 Second time I purchased these seeds for my yard . It grows quickly and is very thick . This is one of the only grass seeds that I 've purchased that doesnt have any fillers or weeds in the mix .
 So far this grass has been amazing . With the drought here in Texas I have one of the greenest lawns at this time . Hope it continues .
 Thanks to this seed , our lawn looks like a professional takes care of it.It is so green that it looks painted . Love this product and highly recommend it .
 It grows where no other will ! It handles our cold winters and HOT summers . Highly recommend .
 I have St Augustine grass that was very thin with lots of bare spots . The Bermuda grass was attempting to fill in the bare spots and I found this unacceptable . I spread the Canada green on the bare spots and within two weeks , the grass had sprouted and all had been filled in with a solid green . It needs a lot of water to get started and has a very thin blade so , I found it necessary to over seed in some areas . I 'm very happy with the results and hope it will keep the Bermuda from taking over .
 We had problems getting grass to grow in some dry nutrient free soil . This seed really grew . We planted it at the same time as some Wal ------ seed that did n't grow so we have a obvious comparison - grass and no grass !!!
 hi , i sent the hailey bag to my daughter in the philippines and she loves it bec . she said its not that big for her to use in school now that she is in college . . its a great size and it function the same as the big one she had . . for me its what matters , the function of the item . . thanks
 This is basically a standard UPS with three exceptions.First , it is not intended for use on computers and thus does not have a USB connector to tell your computer to shut down when the power goes out.Second , and most importantly , its battery capacity is about 6 times that of a standard UPS . For instance , the Tripplite 700 UPS has a 7aH battery , which will provide 400 watts of power for about 7 minutes . This unit has 2 20aH batteries , for a total of 40aH , and should provide 400 watts for about 35 minutes . My big screen , Onkyo surround system , and satellite dish draw about 200 watts , so in an outage , I can probably watch TV for an hour . If my PVR alone is left on , it can run for 5 hours or longer.Third , this unit has a power meter on it , so you can tell exactly how many watts you are drawing .
 I live off-grid , in an RV . I run the generator to recharge a 300aH bank of batteries for the 12v systems in the RV . But even the smallest , most efficient generator still supplies more power than I need . With the excess power I charge several of these Xantrex PowerSources . They then give me back the AC power I need when the generator is off . I use them to power my internet connection , laptop , cell phone recharges , watching TV/DVD , etc. . As for usage ... I have a 26 '' standard TV w/DVD , and I can watch a DVD for 3 hours or so . My wireless internet dish only draws about 5 watts , and I can keep it powered for days . If you are looking to power just a laptop and cell phone , for 8 hours a day , you could probably last two days with one unit . These batteries should not be discharged down to more than 50 % , and the unit will beep loudly and eventually shut off power , so you do n't get the full use of 400 watts overall , it 's more like 240 . You also do n't really get 400 watts at once , count on only plugging in 300 watts worth of stuff at a time . Even so , given the price per amp-hour of AGM batteries , this UPS is still an incredible deal , just in battery value alone -- and a much better deal considering portability -LRB- luggable , but not too bad -RRB- , and the included inverter and drawdown info . Very easy to use , the readouts on both my units have always worked fine and any beeping that does happen is appropriate and helpful . Family friendly , and relatively idiot-proof . Once I explained how they worked , others who have stayed in my trailer have found them easy to operate and difficult to damage . Anyway , buy a couple of these and you 'll run your generator WAY less often and for a much shorter time .
 This is an early review in that I have not had to witness a lengthy power outage to determine its run-time , but from initial experience it seems to run as expected . Some things I do want to pass on to other people , is that this UPS is like most others , even though its from an inverter specialist , and will not operate on an existing modified sine-wave inverter . This wo n't bother most people however . Others should just note that it is very large as is needed for the run-time it is able to offer , and weighs a good amount too . It does not have a continous audible alarm when operating in backup mode . The documentation states it is a modified sine wave inverter , however I have not checked to see what the exact output looks like . I do n't have any delicate equipment connected , so I can not know if it would cause buzzing from audio equipment or picture distortion in video equipment.If you require a long run-time from a quiet back-up system this is an ideal solution . I use it to back-up power to my weather monitoring computer because I am gone too much during the day to activate my manual backup system .
 I bought this battery backup unit to safeguard my work on my computer from power outages . I got it just in time . In the past week , there were two very short power interruptions , and I was able to continue working and downloading without any problems . The PowerSource 400 switched to battery power smoothly and kept my computer , monitor , and DSL modem performing normally while the power was out . When the power came back on , it quickly charged back up ready for the next outage . The PowerSource 400 performed as advertised . I am very satisfied and would highly recommend this battery backup unit to anyone who depends upon computers throughout his or her workday .
 This is a really unusual product in that it can run for about an hour on full power -LRB- 400 watts -RRB- , or lots of hours with a light load.If you need to stay powered up , and are concerned about intermittent AC power service , this unit is quite nice . It has 26lbs of lead acid batteries -LRB- 2 12v 20ah batteries -RRB- inside , which cost a minimum $ 50 each to replace . So you are getting over $ 100 of value just in the battery of system.It is not as `` smart '' as some computer oriented UPS units with USB and ethernet ports , which often drive higher output loads -LRB- often 1200 or more watts -RRB- , but its battery is quite large for its price point , and its easy to use for most consumers .
 I purchased the Xantrex Technologies 852-0400 XPower PowerSource 400-Watt Back-up Power Solution to provide generator free backup power for the sporadic power outages we have in the Northwest.We are using the Duracell XPower PowerSource to backup for our bedroom lights and radio alarm clock . When the power goes out where we live it is often out for days . When this happens we replace the bulbs in the bedside lights with CFL which helps to keep the overall watt usage down while providing sufficient lighting.Since we only use the bedside lamps for a short time in the evenings before sleeping and the radio alarm clock uses so little power I calculate the product will provide useful power for over four days.I gave the product four stars because the first one I received was defective . The manufacturer replaced the product at no charge . Technical support was very helpful , the RMA process painless , and the replacement was at my door in short order .
 I have only had this product for a few weeks but I have tested it and was quite happy with the result . The switch over from line power to internal power was seamless . The transition back to line power was the same . I had a Desktop PC , small lamp , cordless phone , router , Vonage modem , stereo and speaker switch for my whole house system operating for just shy of two hours before the fifty percent signal sounded . There was no deterioration of performance quality on my phone , sound system , or PC -LRB- Including my Magicjack -RRB- . I really like the display of wattage use , although it is not extremely precise . It was good enough for me to tweak my device choices.I bought this to have a safeguard against my family being left without communication should I not be home to get the generator started in case of an outage . It also provides me a ` no panic ' time frame even if I am home , to get the generator going.I would recommend this product . For the price there is nothing out there to compare . It is a little on the heavy side due to the battery capacity , but I am not planning on moving it so that is not much of a problem . Even though it is heavy it is not bulky and fits under my desk without interferring with my movements.It does not have any USB capability , but that also is not a deterrent for my uses.A reviewer mentioned a bothersome beeping . The unit does signal when there is a status change , but it is not constant . it 's a feature that is more covenient then bothersome in my opinion . I do n't have to concern myself with keeping an eye on it 's status . Having the power off is enough to think about . There is also a fan noise when the unit is recharging itself , but again , it was n't anything that was intrusive , although it was constant for the entire recharge which lasted several hours.This was a small price too pay for a whole bunch of convenience.I am thinking about getting the 1800 watt unit so as to extend my time before having to generate power , since a generator seems mighty noisy at night . I would then be able to use this unit to power lights and other covenience devices . HAVE NOW HAD THE 400 WATT UNIT ALMOST TWO YEARS AND I AM COMPLETELY DELIGHTED WITH IT . IT HAS GOTTEM ME THROUGH SEVERAL POWER OUTAGES SEAMLESSLY .
 I bought this product because I am in the Army and needed a power source available away from vehicles and buildings . This is great ! Smaller size when compared to other products because it does what it is supposed to do . Provide emergency or portable power , and let me tell you it delivers . It does not have useless feature I did n't want such as
 The xantrex unit works as advertised . It is heavy , but offers enough capacity to run computers or other equipment for several hours instead of several minutes like other smaller backup power supplies . I have three of these and would recommend them to anyone looking for a portable AC power source or a backup power source for power outages .
 Have run a 31 '' TV , Dishnetwork reciever , DVD player , portable computer , wireless telephone/answering machine and flourescent lamp for combined totals of 5 watts to 130 watts with no noticeable effects when switching between ac input and operating of internal batteries . Works great .
 I have had them all and this is by far the best ! Compared to others , this one has the horsepower to do what you need it to do , including enough energy to last quite a while as well as powering when it is plugged in and taking over when it needs to .
 Bought because it weighed more than any other battery backup at Best Buy.Used for emergency backup for Sleep Apnia Respironics machine.Took camping many times . Ran the machine for multiple nights.Had five years . . still works great . I `` sleep '' better knowing its there for me . .
 I use this as a backup for my nano marine aquarium . It will keep the pump going for 14 hours -LRB- when the power came back on -RRB- at 12 watts . Great for those Florida power outages ! Highly recommend . I could only kill it when I had the 2 pumps and the chiller going , and that was 2 hours later.Worth every penny . Plus , no beeping ! Just a pretty blue light .
 I love it ! I bought it for my husbands birthday cause our power goes out all the time . Twice just last week we were the only people for blocks that had light , tv , dish network , and a clock . It was amazing . The only thing we could n't plug into it was the airconditioner . lol
 It works as advertised but it has two major drawbacks
 This UPS is great , we have 4 of them and all are used on our servers . Depending on what we have plugged into it they run from on hour to eight hours . The only down side to this UPS is the weight and the fact that it does n't have a usb input so that you can attach it to a computer to have the computer shutdown when the battery is getting low .
 My unit only beeps once , when it starts up after a power failure.The owner 's manual is OK -LRB- There is a website -- I did not use it . -RRB- I will probably be getting a 2nd one soon .
 I have had this product for over a year , and happy to make comments . It performs as advertised . I have a desktop , monitor , cable modem , and wireless router plugged in . It has performed very nicely during power outages . Excellent product . I would buy again .
 This is a good product . I work in places sometimes where I have to sit in my vehicle for 8 hours and I want to run my laptop , charge my cell phone , or watch tv . I tried The Power Source and it works great . I was using the battery jumpers from Sears , and they suck . I had the one with the cigarrette lighter on it , so you have to have an adapter to plug in a cord for electronics . With the battery jumpers , my laptop would not always be charging although it was plugged in . With the Power Source it was always on charge when it was plugged in and it even fully charged my laptop . My Sears batter jumper never did that . The Power Source is a bit heavy at 35lbs . but it is worth it . I like the fact that you can have the batteries replaced after they burn out .
 I work as an online teacher and live in Costa Rica , where we have more than the occasional brown outs and black outs , so it is important that I have a back up if the power goes out . I reluctantly bought this because I did not want to pay so much for a battery which may or may not give me power enough to stay connected to the cyber classroom . My power was out for more than an hour and twenty minutes and I was able to keep teaching since the battery kept my desktop , 19 LCD monitor and my modem up and running for the entire time ! I am really impressed .
 This is the best UPS out there in terms of longevity and price as compared to other UPS . My electricity goes out quite often and I have major school work deadlines to meet . It saved me more than once in the short month I 've had it . It does what it says . I was able to get 7 hours running a lap top , printer , modem , and a light set on 50 Watts . In addition I was able to run a boom box on it for 2-3 hours over the 7 hours stated . I like the beeping warning it gives and that it shows the percentage of battery life left . The only drawback is the ability to charge a battery like the one in a lap top . It does do it , but may cause damage to it if you want to take the chance . This is clearly stated in the owner 's manual .
 When cruise ships arrive to Old San Juan and stay until midnight , you can have 3 to 4 lamps with spiral shaped 13watt bulbs that illuminate like 60 watt bulbs and you have power for 4 nights in a row @ 4 hours per night.However , to extend the life of it , I recharge it nightly . Works great since june and should last quite some time . Much , much better than the ones with jump start feature .
 The Xantrex portable powersource has allowed us to go mobile at outrigger canoe races with a fully powered laptop , a printer and keep an Ipod charges while it 's hooked up to sound system.Great product
 You can use this when it is unplugged from the wall outlet . Most UPS 's do n't recommend that . This product works as advertised , and I got it for a great price from Amazon . Unfortunately , shortly after I bought it the price went up significantly ! The blue LED on the back is useful for when the power goes out in the dark . It illuminates the outlets in the back so you can see to plug things in.By the way , for an average 70 Watt load , I used it for 6 hours -LRB- disconnected from AC power -RRB- and according to its battery meter , I would have been able to get another 2 hours out of it , for a total backup time of 8 hours . I 'm using this for my home networking equipment and Verizon FIOS .
 We use it for pulling form stakes and it does the trick . If you can get enough showing to get a grip on , it will yank it out .
 This product was better than I expected it to be . It is easy to use and has easy to use features . I definitely recommend it .
 We were looking for a bird feeder that would keep the squirrels from eating all the food . We had tried others , but the squirrels out here seemed to enjoy eating through the wire / plastic / wood . This one is perfect because of the design - the squirrels try to get at it , but it spins and tilts , knocking them off -LRB- we have it hung on a hook that projects a good 12 '' from the post on our deck -RRB- . Also , the way the panels are designed keeps the food in instead of dumping it on the ground when the squirrels spin and tilt it . Another plus is that the bigger birds -LRB- blue jays , crows , and yes , TURKEYS - they get on the deck railing to eat , but ca n't get to this one -RRB- ca n't use this one comfortably at all . We are very pleased with this bird feeder and plan on buying another .
 This is a great bird feeder . It is large enough to hold 5lbs . of feed , but not so big it bends the tree branch down . It is a very nice feeder and is made of high quality material . I am very happy with this feeder and so are the birds .
 I replaced a plastic bird feeder with this copper bird feeder . On the first day my smart squirrel figured out how to lift the lid -LRB- do n't ask me how the squirrel figured this one out -RRB- and get the seed out . I have had this feeder for about 2 months now , no more `` breaking and entering '' by the squirrel -LRB- s -RRB- and I love it ! Worth the money if you plan on long time devotion to feeding our feathered friends .
 Basically , this bird feeder is fairly priced , but its plastic construction , especially the clear plastic side panels , is likely to break easily . Small birds sit comfortably on the 4 small perches while feeding . However , large gray squirrels still manage to feed by hanging upside down from the dome . The small Douglas squirrels sit on one small perch and reach around around a corner to feed from another side opening . We will still need to invest in a squirrel baffle .
 Most of the little birds in our yard are bullied by a pair of nesting jays . This feeder works great in that vein as the jays just can not settle on the perches or get a purchase on the sides . After a couple of days of trying they gave up and the little guys are having a good time with the feeder . It is attractive to look at and holds the feed without spilling.The only irritant is that the lid is not the most secure , and winds will move it around and cause it to not fit correctly in the grooves . Not a big deal , but it does require one to align it every few days . All-in-all , an effective and attractive feeder .
 we now have three feeders and this feeder is their favorite . They can not knock the seeds out easily ... very pleased with the feeder ...
 Excelent construction , easy to load and the birds love it . Yes , I would buy it again . Durable material , great color .
 The bird feeder does the job it is purported to do efficiently and to date I have no problem with it although a squirrel proof shield may be advantageous as I suspect they 're capable of separating the cover from the body .
 Excellent quality . Attractive product . However when lifting the top to fill with seed the body of the feeder tips a spills seed .
 I purchased as a gift . Good construction . So far weather resistant -LRB- we 'll see as time progresses -RRB- . The Birds like it a lot . Especially when it is full of seeds .
 I just received my birdfeeder and was thrilled with it . It 's not only a beautiful piece but a sturdy one , as well . With our changing seasons and brutal winters , I have no doubt that this feeder will last where other plastic feeders have failed .
 At first the birds would n't come . It took a long time to discover the feeder . The squirrels do seem to stay away from it . We also have a squirrel guard , but that never stopped them before . So , maybe it 's doing the job . It 's very attractive , and we get many birds now .
 I love it ... it iws well worth the money . . My birds love it and it holds alot of food , . . Thank you
 Nice design with a large capacity for bird food . The perches are small enough to accommodate the birds but do not make it easy for the squirrels to hang on !
 These simple but strong feeders do hold a nice amount . They seem like they will last for years . Especially nice when full of food .
 This product , is smaller than I expected . . It is not a product that keeps squirrals out . . It is very heavy and is heard for the birds to even stay on it ...
 I have a problem with squirrels . I seem to feed the squirrels more than I do the birds . This bird feeder really is squirrel proof !! The top actually locks in place and the squirrels ca n't get it open . This is a beautiful bird feeder to hang on your patio or porch .
 Love this feeder ! Easy to fill , good capacity -LRB- fill it 2 to 3 times weekly -RRB- rather than every day , the birdslove it , squirrels too but ca n't wrap themselves around it -LRB- just reach from the tree trunk -RRB- they are hungry too and fun to watch !! It does swing and turn a bit but no problem so far - the birds do n't mind.Will be ordering a second feeder right away to replace a worn out one .
 This was ordered for Mother 's Day . I live away at college and would n't be able to make it into town for the holiday so I needed something I could ship without seeing and make sure it would arrive on time . It arrived with several days to spare and when I saw it , I could n't have been happier . I was worried , after looking at the price , that it would show up and look a little cheap , but it was better than I had imagined . It did n't say anywhere but it 's made out of metal , not plastic which looks great . The birds love it and my mom loves it hanging out of her kitchen window . It comes with a wire built in to hang off of a tree or pole .
 This is a beautiful bird feeder that is easy to fill , & is well made . The only thing I would change about it would be to make the metal rope that it hangs from adjustable in length -LRB- perhaps it is adjustable & I just have n't figured it out yet ! -RRB- Great product at a great price .
 Its been a few months and no squirrels yet , birds love it -- everything from song birds to woodpeckers .
 Well constructed , holds a lot of seed , good for the perching birds and the sparrows do n't like it . Clamping lid makes it easy to fill .
 i m very happy , nice bird feeder , good deal all around , fast deliverly , price was right , i like that it is made of metal , made to last a long time
 Purchased the Birdscape Tulip Garden Lantern feeder and it arrived as promised . Attractive feeder , but , only the little birds can use it . The larger birds , Cardinals , Jays etc. , ca n't land on the small perch . I have to use my old feeder for the larger birds . It could have been packed a lot better . Large box , 2 feeders , one piece of brown paper , and the feeders were pack very loose . One of the tops was bent but not enough to report the damage and go through that hassle .
 Feeder is good capacity and favorite with the birds in my yard . If I filled it full every day it would be empty every day !!! They love it and it is easy to fill .
 not as sturdy as it appears in the picture , and you have to take it down to fill it , as the top is on a string that holds the whole thing together , but the birds like it .
 Overall a very good item . Holds plenty of seed , however just as others , much of the seed falls to the ground as the birds are feeding . The only good thing there is that once the feeder 's empty , the birds fly down to clean up the rest .
 We -LRB- and the birds ! -RRB- like this one so much that we are getting another . This feeder has held up well -- it 's been in active use for 14 months . The birds love it ! We have tried several types of bird feeders over the years and this is so easy to fill . The squirrels have never outwitted it either . p.s. . We use this feeder exclusively with black oil sunflower seeds .
 Charges my Thinkpad T60 with 9-cell battery without a problem . Very small , perhaps a little larger than a deck of playing cards . Will easily fit in a glove compartment . Whisper quiet . I can only hear its fan if I hold the inverter up to my ear . The membrane on/off switch with dual-color LEDs is a nice touch . The shiny plastic case is a fingerprint magnet . Construction is light but durable . The side panel with AC and USB plugs is robust metal . Mine is well put together . I think I 'm going to buy several more , one for each car . Overall excellent product .
 Finally purchased an inverter to power a laptop and to recharge various battery powered devices on the road . The Xantrex was a nice small unit with enough oomph to charge batteries and run my laptop . This device fits easily in my glove box when not in use.I have already used the device several times and have been quite happy with it.My only complaint , I wish the cord that connects the unit to the lighter port was longer so the device could sit on the floor . Other than that minor issue , great product .
 Did the job ! Four seven hour days powering laptop in car . Only complaint , power light not visible in daylight .
 This product works good . I have used it only once so far . The price is acceptable too .
 This is a cool product , so far I do n't have any problems with this . It charges my Iphone , and any other small units . I have n't tried this in a long drive yet but I 'll give you guys an update when I drive from NY to TX this summer . Well , so far so good!Cons
 I 've found this to be very easy to use and quite useful . The only drawback so far is that the power switch indicator -LRB- blue LED with a translucent cover -RRB- can be tough to see in daylight making it difficult to tell if the device is operating or not .
 checked its output . It is a 60Hz square wave generator . That is what they called `` modified sinewave '' . Very low tech . However , looks great , space saving and use it once for cell phone fine , but have not check with high power yet
 I 've bought two of these now for different people . Mine did come with a case and an airline plug -LRB- unlike person who gave this a bad review -RRB- . I love this inverter-super handy to have in the car -LRB- have n't tried it on a plane yet -RRB- .
 works great , I just wish there was a way to mount it in the car
 It 's about the size of a 2.5 inch western digital passport II . Very small and compact . Gets a little hot but does the job . It can power my laptop just fine.Looks better than the picture . it has a neat on and off switch that lights up.I have a small 14.1 inch IBM-T43since it 's small it doesnt use much power . i wouldnt use this to power anything thats too hungry though .
 This small inverter worked perfectly for adding strings of LED lights to my motorcycle for a local Christmas parade . It did get a bit hot -LRB- it has an internal cooling fan -RRB- , but that was because it was inside a nylon pouch mounted on the bike . It would probably have run cooler if more air circulation were provided .
 After reading other people 's reviews about the product , I was a little worried . I bought the product and it works great !!! No problems so far . I love the small size . It fits in my small backpack . I 'm not sure why people complain about the noise . I held it up to my ear and all I heard was a small hum . Maybe that 's what they 're complaining about ? Its not that bad . If space is an issue for you , I would consider this item . Similar sized items are more expensive and they do the same thing .
 My husband and I recently drove from Nevada to Washington State . We used this to power up and recharge our laptop , video camera and cell phone batteries . It 's quite handy and was a good value for the money .
 We have one of the plug into the cigarette lighter single piece design inverters for the car already . The ` box ' like design works well in the car but took up to much room when attached to a port on the Harley Davidson motorcycle . The Xantex has the same small size but uses a short cord allowing it to be fit better with the weeks forth of belongings for 2 people on a long bike ride .
 Actual output power lower than specified but not by much . Usable .
 I have n't get chance to use it , but it looks ok , it is very small that can fit in your pocket .
 This powered a laptop and an ipod -LRB- via USB -RRB- at the same time for hours without getting too hot or making noise . Works on the plane or in the car . Portable and comes in a nice carrying case . Slick for only $ 35 . I 'm buying more as gifts .
 We bought this snappy little gadget to keep the family laptop powered for an upcoming trip . Recently took it on a test run with very good results . It plugged into the power port of our SUV , as designed . The laptop seemed to get a steady stream of power , with not a stutter in the DVD 's performance . . The Xpower 175 features a blue LED when it is in operation and is both quiet & compact . Keeps our son entertained as the miles tick away . And when the trip is over , the Xpower , stows away in a carry pouch , perfect for storage in your laptop bag !
 My family takes our 12-inch Powerbook G4 on road trips for showing movies and doing other computer stuff on the road , but the battery would often give out after 2-3 hours rendering the laptop unusable until we could charge the battery again . Over Christmas vacation my family was mid-way through a 2,000 mile road trip , and I saw the Xantrex XPower Pocket 175-Watt Inverter for $ 20 in the clearance section of a local store , so I picked it up . Could n't be happier as now we can run the laptop as much as we want . The inverter gets warm but not too hot . I never heard any noise from it , even after running for over 5 hours -LRB- looks like it has a fan on the bottom , but I never heard it running -RRB- . This is the perfect inverter for us as it is very small and fits easily in the under-seat storage compartment in the van . It only has one power outlet -- if you need two outlets , look for a different model . This one is perfect for powering a laptop.Note that this model , # 813-0291 , does NOT have an airline adapter , but comes with two cables , one for a cigarette lighter , and one for direct connection to a 12-volt -LRB- car/boat -RRB- battery . The product probably has changed since Amazon first started selling it . My model is black , like uploaded in the photo section by R. Liu . The silver photo must be the old model that included the airline adapter .
 I also have to give this one a 5 star rating . I originally purchased the Xpower 175 micro but it was a DOA and the fan was really loud so I returned it for this one . I use the Xpower pocket inverter 175 with my laptop and GPS when I go on road trips and it is quiet and reliable .
 I have n't used it much yet but I 've tested it in the car using my wife 's ThinkPad . It runs that load essentially silently -LRB- the fan hardly works -RRB- and the free powered USB port means I can charge my cell phone too with the right USB cable . The whole package is very compact and fits in it 's own carrying case . My primary reason for purchase was as a power inverter to take in a small airplane so I think it will fit the bill perfectly . I wish I could say I 'd used it enough and for long enough to report on it 's reliability but I have n't yet .
 Just got it yesterday and used it today for my laptop . It works flawlessly . Some notes on the item
 I bought this unit with one thing in mind . To power my laptop GPS system . This unit does that and more for a fair price . So far I have used this unit of about a year with no problems .
 Not too much you can say about a template , but it is sturdy and works great for exactly what I need .
 This was my first plant order from amazon , and i was amazed on the arival of this little guy . I ' v been in bonsai for 7 years and these amazing junipers make great shohin twisted trunk . As of the roots in less than week it showed signs of new roots . hope this helps .
 I am pleased with this grass shear . Have only used it once , but it held a charge for more than 30 minutes of use and had power to spare . I would reccommend this product and this seller .
 This product is the second grass clipper I have had . This time I got the combination of grass shear and shrub clipper . It is a great litle machine for anyone to use , but especially women .
 Works well with both shears and clippers . Made for light work as expected . I would have preferred to know the country of origin beforehand . Especially being called American Gardener brand
 This little grass shear is great ! It is easy to use and I have had no problem with it . It is so easy to change from grass shear to shrub clipper . The shrub clippers are a little short , but still work great . I would recommend this to anyone !
 I bought this because I twice cut the cord on a power trimmer and decided that I was better off with something I could n't cut . I 've only used it once , but it did exactly what I wanted .
 I purchased this item specifically to clip a hybrid Bermuda grass developed for golf courses . It is installed on an outdoor model railroad . The grass must be clipped closely at least every other day . I had been doing it manually until I received the Power CS18 . This tool has made this chore a breeze . Moreover , the grass clipper also does an excellent job on an Asian jasmine groundcover , even without the shrub attachment .
 This is an excellent tool for yard work . I have used it to trim my hedges , trim weeds , and it really works great ! It is very powerful , the battery is also lasting before needing a recharge . Worth every cent !!
 This product is more durable and powerful than the B&D version . It has one housing with battery with inter-changeable blades where the B&D is two seperate houseings with non-inter-changeable blades . I have had this company 's grass shears before and would definitely buy this brand again .
 The price was right and I love the ease that it takes to change the blades . It really cuts out the time spent trimming both bushes and grass . I love it .
 This is a great little clipper . I have only used the hedge trimmers and think it is a great product . I purchased this after trimming over 20 boxwoods with a hand trimmer and got tired of a sore hand . It is a great size and not too heavy . I have had this for about 2 years . I get about 1 1/2 hours worth of trimming on a charge . I also trim burning bushes and spirea with it . I have recommended this to a friend and would purchase again .
 Nice that this comes with both a clipper and a shrubber . Easy to work with . A must is also the extension handle so that all clipping can be done while standing . A real help to a senior citizen with arthritis .
 The clipper and the handle we bought with it work good for light duty clipping and trimming it will run about 45 to 50 minutes its small size lets me get into tight spaces my weed eater , and large hege clipper ca n't go . when you done wash off blades and spray with a light oil it will keep them sharp longer . If your blades get dull they are easy to sharpenn witha good file just follow the angle and remove a little metal they should last for years . the handle the first cuople of times was dificult to align with the plug but some carefull bending and a little WD40 did the trick.Amazon was by far the best price the delivery from the hardware vendor was a little slow but worth the wait .
 This tool gets my edging job done very well . This is compact and doesnt take up space in my garage.The interchangeable shrub clipper , which I use as a hedge trimmer is the winning feature of the product . Small enough to handle , it can get into tight spaces and ` shape ' hedges precisely.I would give ths 5 stars if I can find replacement batteries !
 I live in Hawaii , we do not have much of a choice when it comes to grass shears . It has been two years since I 've purchased my orange black & decker shears . I have had nothing but trouble , the blades rip through the grass instead of cutting , the blades need to be unscrewed inorder to clean and oil the shears , and the battery life is about 20 minutes when new and about 5 minutes two years later . I finally had enough , I threw those shears away , went on the computer , found some nice yellow shears on amazon , and ordered the best that they had to offer which was the Original Power CS18 4-inch 6 volt cordless grass shears with 6 inch shrub trimmer attachment . These shears are AWESOME ! I needed to dethatch my grass so I sheared my entire lawn down to the root on 1 charge it took me 1 hour . The blades cut through the grass like butter no elbo grease at all . These shears come with a quick release that makes cleaning and oiling an ease . I have now cut my trimming work from 40 minutes down to 5 . I am one HAPPY customer . MAHALO !!!
 I have used this product for the last five years , and it just wore out , had to replace it with another . It does what it was designed to do -- trim grass around lawn objects , ie , trees , walkways , flower beds , etc. . The trimmer is perfect to touch up shrubs , bushes , plants etc. . Just the tool for quick touch up . Not designed to trim as a hedge trimmer but for touch-ups .
 I had a pair of these cordless grass clippers years ago and have not been able to find them again until I went on to Amazon.com and I was able to get another pair.They are great ! Especially if you have arthritis in your hands . Just a push of the button and they cut the grass . I use them to do the edging on all my flower beds.They are the best things going for anyone that has problems with their hands.The only thing I 'm sorry I did n't buy was the long handle that is extra . This would also be good , then you do n't have to bend down or get on your knees to do the edge trimming on flower gardens or around trees.I plan on ordering the long handle from Amazon.com in a few days.Thank you , Amazon for carrying these cordless grass clippers .
 I had used string edgers in the past but hated the way they would fling dirt , debris and pebbles everywhere . My edging needs are actually minimal since the landscape look I 'm creating is rock plateaus with woodlands patches . However , the Bermuda grass lawn over the septic leach field with a rock retaining-wall border needs regular mowing and trimming in order to look nice . I had been using hand shears when I read another gardener 's comment that his wife 's favorite gardening tool was a pair of rechargeable shears . I had thought these rechargeable shears went extinct after the proliferation of string edgers . I have n't used the shrub trimmer attachment yet , but the shears worked great ! It 's much easier to preccisely control the path of these blades than it was the path of the string edger . For my limited requirements , this is the perfect tool .
 This set of electric clippers were bought to replace an identical product , previously sold by Sears . The Sears battery pack went bad and it was going to cost almost as much for only a new battery pack as the new clippers were . These are great and actually cut like you would expect them to . The run time on a fully charged battery is well over 30 minutes , which allows me to do all of my trimmimg that I need to . One suggestion would be to put an led in the charger that shows when the unit is charging . These clippers are well worth the extra cost over a cheaper name brand set . Price and shipping from Amazon is great !!
 I did n't believe the claim
 This is an outstanding product . Some criticize the length of time the power functions . It does n't advertise itself for long time power usage . It lasts long enough for me to trim edges in the front and rear of my home without all the wires of a whacker . It cuts neatly and is so convenient . I even use the clipper blades on my smaller shrubs .
 I purchased the trimmer two months ago and have now used it several times . I find that both the shrub trimmer and the grass clipper is easy to use and the charge lasts longer than my interest in trimming . I 'm getting at least 30-40 minutes on a charge . I take care of the gardens for several clients and find that this trimmer is great for putting the finishing touches on shrubs , or if you do n't have a lot of heavy trimming to do this works just fine . For major trimming I have used a new product called the Garden Groom , that sucks up the leaves as you trim . The grass clippers work well too , but getting the extension so you do n't have to kneel down makes a lot of sense . We 'll see how the product does by the end of the summer . My only concern is that the parts are plastic and may not hold up over time . But for now , I think its a great product .
 I had a terrible mess of overgrown old grass that reached out onto my sidewalk ; I bought this little gem with my fingers crossed . Well , I want to tell you I did n't have to worry . I charged it up for a day and then went to work the next day . This was tough stuff that my weed wacker would not touch . This little gem went right through it all with no problems whatsoever . I became a trimming fool , tidying up everything I could find . I would recommend this to anyone . I do n't know how long I was out there each day , but it worked and kept it 's power until I dropped .
 I was sceptical about buying this pump . I needed to replace a burned out Hayward pump for my inground pool . This pump is around 1/3 the cost of major brand pumps so I thought I would take a chance on it . Replacement of my old pump was very straightforward with 1 1/2 inch inlet and outlet . This pump is NOT self priming so if you have a lengthy vaccuum lift it might not work for you . My pump is about 15 ft from my skimmer and only lifts about 2 feet . After plumbing it in , I started it up and it primed right away ! Also the pump runs very quietly . Another feature that I really like is that it has a fan at the end of the pump housing that draws in air and blows across the cooling fins . As for performance I am happy so far . The pump seems very solid . Checking the specs I noticed that this pump only draws 6 amps compared to 14 from my Hayward . The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is that Ive only been using it for a few days and ca n't speak for durability . Overall a nice pump for the price!Update ** After using this pump for around 2 months I have been having ongoing priming problems . I would still recommend this pump for above ground pools , but would NOT recommend this for inground pools . Although I am extremely happy with the performance of this pump -LRB- when I can get it to prime -RRB- , I am forced to switch back to a self-priming type pump due to my ongoing priming issues .
 I was shocked to actually locate a new burner for my six year old -LRB- obsolete -RRB- Ducane grill . Ducane was bought out by Webber several years ago but good luck getting Webber support for a product they never manufactured . This burner is the exact OEM replacement and came with new igniters . FYI , this is only half the burner . The right and left burners have different part numbers .
 Great product . Has been using for a while . Will not change for less expensive and less effective products . Will recommend .
 Delivered promptly . Works well for picking fruit that is too high to reach and that we had to just let alone previously .
 This fruit picker was a bit difficult to put together but well asking my son for help . It grabs the fruit and holds it in the basket until I am able to get to it . It reaches those hard to reach branches with ease .
 Just the thing for reaching those high on the tree oranges . Very handy and practical . Eating right off the tree is healthy and tastes yummy . The pole picker lets you get to the very last piece of fruit .
 Cool , it works and it 's cheap ! Other onew cost 10x this one and this works just fine for our apple and pear tree .
 Easy to put together , easy to use , and got all the lemons off the tree myself !!!
 I purchased and used this product in 2010 and 2011 . It is reasonably priced , large quanitty and works as expect . Every year I open up the pool I need to stablize , usually once in the season . I pour this in the skimmer and let the water flowing over the granuals disolve . I have not had any issues with this product not disolving . You have to at least let the pump run for 24-48 hours for total disolving . I would highly recommend !
 I had been searching for a large sun for my patio wall for the last few years and saw this one . I was a little apprehensive buying it by a picture but it 's well made , solid piece of artwork with a good hanging system that will hold up to the weather and looks great . Very nice packaging too !
 This sun looks really cool on my potting shed . It seems that stars have popped-up on everyone 's homes , garages , and out buildings , so I wanted something unique , and this fits the bill . It 's heavy because it is made from cast iron , but it was still easy to hang . I have received many compliments , and recommend that you too bring this sunshine into your life .
 I turned this upside down in the box it came in , cut a hole through both then threw in a cozy blanket . The feral cat in my neighborhood seems to love their winter refuge .
 We have five stray cats that come every morning for food and water . Our vet told us that cats can survive cold , but not wind . So my husband and I used these coolers as shelter from the wind . We put nice warm blankets inside , put them in various locations in the back yard and covered them with tarps to keep them and their food dry . The kitties use them everyday . This is a great idea to help save a few stray kitties lives . I hope other people will consider doing the same .
 A great insulator against the weather , a good cat house . Using a hot knife I cut a door into the side , inverted the lid , then turned it upside down . It is larger at the top which was the reason for tuning the whole thing upside down . Since the lid is raised , with it inverted , the cat is on the high part away from any moisture that might get inside . I used clear duct tape around the doorway to add some extra protection but it still allows the animal to get in and out with ease . I placed it behind some bushes with a stone on top to keep it from blowing away . Works great .
 I absolutely love the crane pair . They are so delicate looking and beautiful in my garden . I have thought about ordering a pair for indoors too .
 Please note the size . They are not large , but perfect on my kitchen island . They are very well made and classy to look at . I put felt on the bottoms so they would not scratch furniture .
 This is an awesome product perfect for grilling veggies and/or meat over an open flame . It 's sturdy and cleans pretty well with a brush or steel wool . It 's big and has a super long handle to keep you hands away from the flame . Great price too !
 we 've had this grill basket for about 4 years , and we use it on every camping trip . It 's great for chicken , steaks , pork chops , burgers , toast , you name , it 's cookable in this basket !!! It has now seen better days , and time for a new one as it has fallen apart . But we are not too delicate with our camping cooking tools !
 small mesh makes it great for vegetables or fish . The metal handle can get very hot , so be careful around the kids . Clean up is tough , as is the problem with all baskets . I had to crimp the hinge tighter as the basket pieces came apart , but other than that , good product .
 I purchased this item for small things on my grill that have a tendency to roll -LRB- hot dogs -RRB- or fall between the grill . Most of my cooking is done by smoke , however , the firebox on my smoker has a grill for grilling when desired . While I place steaks or tri-tips directly on the grill this is very handy to have around . The handle is very long allowing the heat to dissipate for handling without requiring gloves . I also like that it is n't shaped like a fish restricting it 's use . Good product worth the price .
 This basket is a nice size - wish it had a wooden handle . The wire basket is very sturdy .
 I read a number of reviews of similar products , including non-stick versions before buying this . This product has a chrome , not a non-stick , finish but nothing sticks to it . the simple trick - and I assume it would work with failing ` non-stick ' products also , is to heat the basket to grill/fire temperature before putting the vegetables or fish in it . Sure it 's a little more complicated , but the results are worth it . Just used ours for the first time tonight . We heated the basket on the grill then opened it up -LRB- still on the grill -RRB- poured in the vegetables which were marinaded in an oil base , closed up the basket and cooked for 5 +5 minutes each side . Veggies came our perfectly grilled , nice grill marks on them from the basket not one stuck to the basket . Now enjoying the fruits of my labor , A nice cab and no pesky washing up to do !
 I bought this as a gift for my son-in-law who grills a lot . It 's a great product & he loved it . Price was very good , too . I 'm happy .
 I got this for my husband . He has n't used it yet , but it seems like it 's decent quality . The handle is VERY long , much longer than I expected . Looking back at the dimensions , it does say that it is 29 '' long .
 I use this judiciously on every refill plus weekly . It takes care of rust stains -LRB- I have rust in municipal water -RRB- , keeps the water clean and clear . One of the best products of its kind out there
 works fantastic with the other Rendezvous products that I use . Keeps the water very clear and inviting . Living in the colorado Mountains , our water is natural and quite hard .
 It was difficult to get all the pieces in place and there are holes on the side that people can see from feet away . But overall is a great item for Halloweeen .
 As a cook , baker and full pantry keeper , I 've used this product by the case for years . It keeps those pantry pests not only out of the pantry , but out of anyplace people do n't think they are needed
 I sent this to my sister who had an infestation of pantry moths . They were hanging on the ceiling in her living room ! It made a difference immediately and solved the problem within about a month . Effortless and effective . It was stuffed full of the moths when it was all over .
 We are catching stray moths that we would not have noticed.I think that the directions should be stated more clearly on how to put the red lure in the trap .
 Only gave it 4 stars as I 've only had it for 6 weeks . It is VERY easy to set up .
 Catches lots of moths and is easy to set-up . Finally use Safer flying insect spray in connection with this product .
 This product is amazing ! It works wonderful , must replace when getting a lot . This is my saving grace to my pantry items . Thank you Safer !
 These traps work very , very well . We caught lots of moths in ours and are now almost completely moth free !!
 We had been plagued with pantry moths for MONTHS , and were getting at our wits ends . They were everywhere ! I checked every food item we had and threw some away , cleaned the cupboards , but nothing I did even put a dent in the amount of moths we had . When I found some information online about these pantry moth traps , I then came here to Amazon to read the reviews . I was torn after reading that the newer versions were said to not work , but I was also desperate . When I received this , I set up one of the traps in our kitchen on top of one of the hanging cabinets , and was amazed that in only about a week , our problem was solved ! I wish I would have tried this at the beginning and saved us a LOT of stress . I would HIGHLY recommend these traps to anyone ... they work !
 Yes , the moth pheromone wafers are very effective at attracting moths . No , the traps are not very good at catching them . I have tried these , and many similar brands , all with the same problem . Here 's what you do
 If your pantry is inundated with moths -LRB- or weevil-types -RRB- - this trap will take care of the moths that hatch after you clean out your pantry . With the long life cycle that these pests have - you need something to catch new ones . Even if you clean out your food and put everything kept in storage containers there may still be some rogue eggs -LRB- you would be amazed at what these pests like to lay their eggs in ! -RRB- I found eggs in clean brown lunch sacks . It would n't even be unreasonable to use these traps before you have a pest problem . Very safe !
 No question , this is an effective product . Using pheramones -LSB- sic . -RSB- to attact moths then trap them with sticky paper appeal to my love of science and technology.Today , the product is already folded into a triangular house for the moths to fly into . The interior is coated with adhesive so the moths become trapped after entering the house . Users must removed a pheramone-infused tab from a sealed package , then insert the tab into a slot to get it inside the housing . But almost always , the tab falls out of its intended spot and is stuck to the interior . I 've used it this way and it seems to work fine , but the manufactuer can help users by making three changes in the way they package the product .1 . make the little pheramone-infused tab already correctly positioned and attached to the interior so that users do n't have to open the sealed package and handle the tab .2 . They should cover the whole item , including the sticky paper , with wax paper , score where the folds go , and indicate how to fold it into the housing shape . Then users would just have to peel the whole wax sheet off to expose the sticky paper and the pheramone tab , fold it up , and voila , done!This way , the manufacturer can also save on packaging by shipping the items in a flat envelope rather than a mostly empty box .3 . Make the sticky housing attachable to something so it does n't knock around my pantry . This can be as simple as a hole to hang it on a nail , or a weak adhesive like that used on Post-it notes to attach the trap to a wall .
 Woodstream 05140 Safer Pantry Pest Trap -LRB- 2 per box -RRB- I have had great results with this product . Those who say they work for a while and then quit need to remember that the traps are only meant to catch flying stages of the insect . I use these traps once or twice a year , whenever I see a moth or two , once the infestation problem has been solved .1 -RRB- Use Pantry Pest Traps to eliminate all ADULT moths .2 -RRB- Next , go on a larva hunt -LRB- in the early stages they look like caraway seeds -- dark little crescent shapes about 1/8 '' long -RRB- . Check all the food in your cabinets . Take it all out . Anything can house larva . Look in the flour , cereals , boxes , bags , anything with a seam or crevice . Think like a mother -- she is trying to hide her young so that they will survive ! 3 -RRB- We have a pantry cabinet with adjustable shelves . When moths kept coming back , I got a flashlight and discovered that there was larva in every single hole for the shelf brackets . Swabbing the holes with a cotton swab dipped in alcohol produced mixed results , so I finally placed a piece of tape over each hole . If the larva survived the alcohol , they starved to death in their little cell.Using this method , I buy traps when moths come in with the groceries . I use canvas shopping bags that I wash every now and then so that the bags from the store -LRB- especially paper bags -RRB- do n't bring in larva .
 For some reason -LSB- unknown to me -RSB- I find these traps to be more effective when the pantry door is closed . Maybe the natural air circulation in an open room dilutes the pheromone scent . Anyway these traps have been VERY effective at stopping several infestations within a week . I now keep a couple on hand and bring them out when I see moths flying about . The package says they should be replaced every three months .
 This product works perfectly ! When I first began using the product , I had tons of moths caught in the traps . Now I find very few moths in the traps or in my house . I highly recommend Pantry Pest to anyone having problems with pantry moths , etc. .
 These Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps far exceeded my expectations . We had suddenly become infested with small gray moths in our kitchen and pantry area . The problem got better after throwing away an open bag of flour that was improperly covered , cleaning the shelves , and putting all other flour , grain , and pasta products in Ziploc bags , but we still had several of the little pests fluttering around.We followed the package directions and placed the Pest Traps in the areas where the moths tended to be the worst . Sure enough , the first two traps literally filled with the moths within a week . Since then we have placed two more traps out and they have caught a few more , but we have n't seen any more flying in the house since.We are very pleased with the effectiveness of the Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps - Highly Recommended
 I purchased this product two weeks ago and placed one in the kitchen and the other in the dining room . I went to check today and there are 6 moths in one and 5 in the other . I 'm pretty impressed . I highly recommend this trap for anyone with moth problems .
 It works for me when the trap is full what I do is take the red tab out and stick it on fly paper the thing has been working for more than 6 month now !! I Bought it online but you can find this at Home depot or Lowes get it from there its way cheaper !!
 We had an infestation of Indian meal moths a few weeks ago and have been struggling to get rid of them . After going through every box and container to get rid of the larvae , I purchased this trap for the pantry . It works well catching the male moths , but does n't catch the females . The idea is that if all the males are caught , the females wo n't be able to breed . It does the job , however you still have females moths hatching and flying around for several weeks ; I wish it caught both , but other than that , I think it does the job well and I will definitely purchase it again if I have the same problem in the future .
 Those little pantry pests come in with organic foods from just about every supplier ; At least the food wo n't poison them so maybe not us either ; that 's why I buy organic , But these little moths really are a PEST ! And difficult to rid from your pantry or even the rest of your home.I date put these traps out whenever I see those little pests fluttering around . Often the traps will be loaded within a month or two . And in general I make sure there are at least a few , current traps around my home at all times . They do work .
 I was amazed at how quickly these moth traps cleared out our moth infestation . The moths came from bird seed , and they were EVERYWHERE ! As soon as I opened the package with the pheromones in it , the moths started gathering around me . I can recommend this product with no reservations .
 the price for this two-pack was reasonable , the product is easy to assembly and does the trick . I would order it again
 First of all you need to identify the main source of the infestation and clean it up even if this means throwing out most of the food in your panrty . Once you have cleaned out the space you put on of these traps out and in a week or two you will be moth free .
 works better than expected . Took a couple days before anything happened , but now both traps are full of more moths than I thought existed . great product .
 Woodstream 05140 Safer Pantry Pest Trap -LRB- 2 per box -RRB- I have used these for the last year , have solved my pantry moth problem , although they seem to come back in the spring - these catch them all !
 I think this is a great product , it 's been working ! I 've caught so many of the moth 's I ca n't believe it ! I still have to work on where they are coming from , as I 've cleaned the area . The kitchen cabinets are new , so I 'm still wondering where they are coming from , and I 've cleaned out almost everything , but the product is definitely working !
 This product works to trap meal moth males . You 'll still need to kill the females by hand and throw away any food that has gotten infested . Put out several of these traps and the problem will be gone in a few weeks .
 It took a few days to begin to trap pantry moths with these , but they 've worked beautifully . I 'm ordering them again!Update
 If you have moths/grubs infesting your flour and grain products , this product is part of a long-term solution . Yes , you have to clean out your cabinets , eliminate contaminated products , etc. . But then pop these simple sex pheromone traps into the cabinets . They are useful both to trap moths looking to mate and lay eggs in your flour , and also to keep track of whether you still have moths , how many , and where . Knowing this , you can search more diligently for contaminated products to attack . You know that you are winning when you check the moths stuck in the trap and there are NO MORE MOTHS with wiggling antennae !
 We have battled these little monsters several times . One of these traps will be a fixture in our pantry from now on .
 Brought pantry moths home in a bag of cat food . The trap seemed to catch many of them , and eventually , after a few rounds of purchasing traps , I stopped seeing evidence of moths in my kitchen.A word of caution
 easy to use , no poison , takes a few days , but gets rid of the moths , buy several to have on-hand when the pesky things come back !
 I have a serious infestation going on . I kept hoping they would die out but after walking into a room and seeing literally a dozen or more flying around I went out to buy traps . These were the only ones available and I was skeptical about them . I set up the two in the package and went to wash my hands . When I turned around there were at least 12-15 moths flying around the trap already ! I keep going back to the store to buy more because they get full it attracts so many . I counted 30 in one trap alone ! I ca n't vouch for length of effectiveness because they fill up but they DEFINITELY catch them ! I would absolutely recommend them .
 I have 2 of these and hundreds of flys in the basement . These have not caught a single moth . Thankfully the cause of the flys were found and are now gone . * edit * Summer came around , and with the doors and the windows open nature made its way indoors . I never took these down as they were mostly obscure , but one day i decided to throw them away , and lo and behold ... They work ! There were about a dozen little moths on here .
 I love this because -LRB- 1 -RRB- no chemicals in our kitchen 2 -RRB- it really works and saves our kitchen/pantry from moths and 3 -RRB- is easy to hide or place anywhere . I would highly recommend these . Order extra so you can replace them every few months . It 's completely worth not having to throw away food that is fulled with moths -LRB- which happened to us last year ! -RRB- These have been a lifesaver .
 Moths were circling the shipping box before it was opened the lures are so effective . If anyone has complaints with the traps , they must not be taking the lures out of their packet and placing them in the traps . They are almost covered with moths in a few days . Ordering more .
 I have tried many other brands but this one is safe and effective everytime . I have used this same product for years and this purchase was actually cheaper than most locations .
 I bought a 2-pack of these traps to see how they would deal with my moth problem . I just ordered three more 2-packs because the traps have caught so many moths that the exisitng traps are running out of room on the sticky surfaces.I think they are a winner .
 After buying these traps in a local hardware store , I found them online at a reduced rate . They worked very well initially and did help to stop the cycle with the Pheromone attraction . But the pheromone seems to wear out in ten days . not weeks . However , that said , these simple easy traps took my home out of being moth infested , to having a few here and there . I recommend them highly .
 It seems to work - - We are n't seeing any more flying things coming out of our cupboards .
 I was looking for a product that I could safely use around my birds . This works great . Just drop the bait -LRB- which is about 1/2 '' square and thin -RRB- on to the sticky part of the trap , set it and voila ! In 2 days several moths were removed from the area . In a few more days I no longer see moths anywhere . No ill effects to my birds or to us . Great product .
 These work . Within seconds of having torn open the little pheromone packet I was swarmed by male moths . You just need patience . The life cycle of the pantry moth takes time . There may be eggs that have n't hatched yet , and larvae that have n't metamorphosed yet still hanging about . You have to leave the trap out -LRB- and according to the directions -RRB- for a good long while to catch all the moths . The traps say they are good for 3 months ... well you should leave them out that long to make sure you get them all . I believe we have conquered our pantry moth problem using the Safer brand traps .
 It caught many , many pantry flies . No issues . Cheap . Was exactly what I wanted .
 I literally ripped open the lure packet and one of these pesky pests was flying towards it . Thirty minutes later and I had four or five stuck to the glue trap . I am beyond pleased .
 I have used this product for many years and love it . It 's safe and easy . Anybody who says this product does not work apparently does n't know how to use it - and it 's very easy to use .
 this product is basically fly tape in a box . it doesnt get rid of the eggs ... you have to find those yourself . i basically wound up throwing all my boxed food away until all the moths were gone . and then the new batch hatched from their secret hiding place ! if you want to get rid of the moths , this definitely will catch them . the whole sticky area was covered with moths within a month
 I 'm so glad that a friend of mine told me about this product . I had no idea there was such a solution .
 I had an infestation of grain moths shortly after moving into a home - these traps really worked . Best if kept somewhat away from the food area . Recently I must have purchased something that brought them back . I have caught a lot of moths so far and gotten the population down . Think more hatch so it will be a while .
 I know this is grody , but I had to show proof -LCB- see images -RCB- that these really work , it DID take a few weeks to REALLY see a difference , but I went from spending an hour a night wacking and vacuuming moths off the ceiling and curtains to now , literally right now , I have 1 moth to kill . This is only 2 of the traps I put up , there is a 3rd , and I am going to stick up fresh ones just to be sure they are out of here ... but yeah , these things are amazing . ALSO , when we first opened the pheromones , there were male moths EVERYWHERE and at first I was upset because none of them went into the trap , but as you can see , they eventually do : -RRB-
 We have been plagued with these moths on and off for a couple of years . I do n't know exactly what brings them back , but the traps work well . I 've tried others -LRB- one with a white disc instead of red -RRB- that barely caught one , but these will catch 50 or more ! At one point , I thought they disappeared but I realized the traps were almost full and they just were n't flying around.You must be diligent though , do n't stop using them because you do n't see anymore , wait until they are empty for a while . Do n't put them too close to each other , a few feet works better . I have a small kitchen and I put one in the pantry and one on a shelf , one in my den and one in my living room . They do n't just stay where they hatch so spread them around.I am hoping as my traps are getting less and less , this is it , but if not , I found this brand works the best . -LRB- Sometimes Home Depot has them a bit cheaper but the convenience is great here -RRB-
 I have used these on and off for years because they are indeed effective for the grain moths sometimes seen around the kitchen and pantry . My rule of thumb is that if you see one moth there are likely to be several more in the area . If this is the case when you open the bait almost immediately you will see several moths approach the trap . Put the trap up quickly so that you do n't have moths flying at you ! One caution - the life of these traps is limited . I use a black magic marker to date the outside of the trap so that I can toss it when it expires . Place these on top of tall cabinets where the moths like to hide for most effective use . One last thing to remember is that if you keep seeing moths than you should look for the source . An old box of cereal or bag of flour or pasta forgotten in the back of a cupboard could be the source of the problem and is easily disposed of . The pantry pest trap is a very effective item for both trapping moths and judging for the need for further action . Highly recommended !
 Product is effctive , simple , cheap and unobtrusive . Put them on top of cabinets and forget them , for a few months , then toss them .
 Be sure to go through your grains on a regular basis to check for problems - flours , cereals , rice meals . Be diligent with pantry moths .
 They trap the moths as advertised . I would give them 5 stars if they came with a more traps in each package -LRB- for the same price -RRB- .
 My flatmate just loves to keep old cookies , crackers , cakes and snacks on the countertop ... for weeks on end . We were absoutely under attack from these horrid pests . They were swarming EVERYWHERE ! Even inside the toaster -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- > _ < -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- I was furious . Got the traps and they caught some moths . A few weeks later , the attack was back . You must find the source of the problem . Throw away all old food and then wipe the countertops and shelves with tile cleaner w / BLEACH . You need to set up SEVERAL of these traps , not just one or two . They are not cheap either ! The traps will attract the males , thus ending the breeding cycle . -LRB- Gross ! -RRB- At night time , come into the kitchen and be prepared to rat-tail these little pests with a dishrag . They are nocturnal and very nasty . They enter the home usually thru flour or flour-based foods . Good luck ! These moths are VILE to the max . They are tough to get rid of ... trust me and my house is CLEAN !!!!
 Length :
 This worked well for us , though it might take a little patience.We had a pretty bad infestation . After throwing out most of our open grain products , I knew the moths would still be lurking around and would be back . I bought these , and caught a bunch of moths right away . Then caught more a few weeks later , then a few weeks later . We could actually see the timing of the breeding cycle . Each time the moths appeared we had fewer and fewer of them , and now we do n't have any.You have to keep in mind that , though the moths might be gone , you might still have their tiny eggs lurking around . You have to take the time to capture several generations of moths before you get them all . Each generation is smaller than the previous one.We have n't had a new moth in a couple of months , but I will keep one of these in the cupboard at all times to make sure the moths do n't back .
 Those little white `` flour moths '' which appear in your pantry usually come with contaminated products -LRB- not unusually dry dog food , but lots of others , too -RRB- . Besides the arduous task of cleaning everything to be rid of them , the best deterrent/eradicator I know of is this Pantry Pest Trap , a pheromone-based item which traps the males so they can not mate , ending the breeding cycle.This brand works , and all you have to do is switch out for a new trap every three months and they generally stay away .
 We returned from a month 's vacation to find moths flying freely in our kitchen and cupboards . I have used Pantry Pest in the past and found that Amazon offered them for about $ 2.00 less per package . After cleaning out my cupboards and tossing anything that I found with signs of moths , I placed 4 traps in my various cupboards . Within a week , all of the moths were gone . Now , 3 weeks later , I remain moth free .
 Worked great at first . After we put out the second trap with a fresh lure , many fewer moths were caught -LRB- even though we still had quite a few -RRB- and we often saw moths sitting near the trap , but not going in for the bait . Maybe they evolve and we were selecting those who were less attracted to the scent of the lure .
 Based on my multiple experiences , I recommend :1 . Buy extra Pantry Pest Traps ! $ ave at Home Depot ! 2 . Use traps when FIRST seeing evidence of moths .3 . Cluster multiple traps -LRB- 2-4 -RRB- on top of the fridge.Can this product be improved ? Yes ! Make a larger sticky surface to trap moths . Most of , but not all of the inside surface of the trap is sticky . To help , I suggest ... 4 . Buy a package of fly paper ribbon/strips and temporarily mount 1 from the ceiling close to the Safer Pantry Pest Traps to trap more bugs.Unrelated to the product , due to re-infestations , I now additionally do the following : Toss ALL baking mix , flour , rice , cereal , macaroni , ramen , noodles , mac-n-cheese mix , pizza mix , gravies , chili mix , spice mix , etc. into garbage bags , seal and immediately put into an outside trash can.Thoroughly and carefully clean out/vacuum all cabinets/drawers paying special attention to crevices and all surfaces . I carefully clean product containers returned to the cabinet/drawers . It only takes 2 moths/larvae/eggs to re-infest . I stopped buying food in bulk , and I end up with fresher products and less cluttered cabinets and drawers.I now store susceptible foods in glass containers with screw-on lids , it 's a lot easier to see a moth that way , and a good way to recycle glass.NOTE
 These Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps far exceeded my expectations . We had suddenly become infested with small gray moths in our kitchen and pantry area . The problem got better after throwing away an open bag of flour that was improperly covered , cleaning the shelves , and putting all other flour , grain , and pasta products in Ziploc bags , but we still had several of the little pests fluttering around.We followed the package directions and placed the Pest Traps in the areas where the moths tended to be the worst . Sure enough , the first two traps literally filled with the moths within a week . Since then we have placed two more traps out and they have caught a few more , but we have n't seen any more flying in the house since.We are very pleased with the effectiveness of the Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps - Highly Recommended
 The trap caught 2 moths within 15 minutes of placing it in my pantry and I was n't aware that we had any left after throwing out all our grains days before . A bit later we killed some that had found their way to the pantry drawn by the pheromone tab in the trap . We have n't had moths in a couple of weeks now . Highly recommended !!!
 I was aliitle skeptical at first but this product really works . Mind you it does take some time but aver a few weeks all moths were gone . Now I uses these traps on constant basis , repalcing every four months making sure no more moth problems - nip it in the bud - so as to speak !
 This product works like it is described . Would suggest purchasing the double pack . Easy to use . Good price on Amazon !
 These little traps work great . Ten dollars for a box of two at your local hardware store though . Here the price is a little less , but that is without shipping ...
 The product worked as advertised and took care to the problem ! We liked how fast the product worked without any chemicals .
 I observed the pantry . I saw 2 pantry moths . Within 5 seconds of setting this trap inside the pantry , about 10 moths came out of nowhere and flew around like they were on catnip . It seems like this drives both the males and females crazy , except only the males actually go inside the trap . Within 3 minutes there were 3 moths on the sticky pad . GENOCIDE FOR THE WIN !!! Thanks , Safer ! I feel like my old self again !
 If you have pantry pests , buy these traps . I 'm not joking when I say that the minute I put the trap out they came swarming from hidden corners . It was sick , but it also brought me happiness to see them lured away from my precious food . YES .
 These are important to get a control on meal moths . I think we are making progress and I really appreciate that this product does work . It does n't solve the problem but helps to control the ever hatching batches .
 We bought it to get rid our house of the Indian Meal Moth . These insects are pretty harmless but annoying and would turn up in flour/cereals etc. . After setting up the trap , nothing happened for like 2-3 days and we would manually swat the moths . Later it managed to catch 15-20 of these . But it would not attract all of them . We still had to go after them with brooms etc. .
 Made a difference in the cupboard the first week . Would recommend to anyonelooking to rid their kitchen of these pests .
 I have a horrible moth problem lately ... searched everywhere for moth traps with no luck . I ordered this product in hopes that it would work . As soon as I took the bait out of the plastic , the moths came out of the woodwork ! I would recommend this product to anyone with moths .
 I like this trap - I have bought it several times now because it really seems to attract and catch a lot of moths.As long as you make sure to go through old food and throw out anything the moths have gotten into , you can successfully get rid of them with these traps .
 This trap really helped curb our 6 month problem with Miller moths that were in our kitchen and pantry . Within minutes of putting out the trap several moths were attracted to their demise . Works great !
 I had a terrible pantry moth problem a few months back and along with putting EVERYTHING in air tight containers/bags and trashing every open bag of rice/flour/cereal / whatever these were AMAZING . They each probably caught 50 + months in each and worked fabulously.If you are the type that does n't like watching insects struggle in a glue trap , do not buy this , or if you do put it in an easily accessible place for the moths to get to that you do not have to look into because it is n't pretty . But the bottom line is this works PERFECTLY . If I ever see moths again I will buy this product time and time again . I can not recommend it highly enough .
 It definitely works . Be sure to read the package carefully and follow up with frequent cleaning of the effected area .
 I did the job ! No moths for a weeks now ! The instructions are not real good but if you read them carefully and not drop the little tab through the hole , but slid it under the tab until it drops , it will go where it should go . You may need to use the corner of the envelope the tab comes in to push it all the way through .
 We had tiny little moths that seemed to come into our home from packaged grains that we purchased from the grocery store . Once we had them , they just seemed to multiply . I did n't want to use toxic sprays or cleaners in the pantry so I was happy to find these easy to use pantry pest traps . All you have to do is fold the traps into a triangle with the sticky stuff inside and open the little dot with the pheromone -LRB- a scent that attracts the moths -RRB- and drop it into the trap so it sticks on the side . Then just set the trap in an area where the moths are . You wo n't be able to smell the lure , but the moths will.It takes a week or so to trap all the moths , and each trap lasts for up to 3 months . I was surprised at how many moths it trapped . We also used one in the garage near the bags of bird seed and thistle . Moths seem to be attracted to that too and we caught a lot of them in there . Two thumbs up for a safe and effective product .
 Moths were getting in the pantry so needed a trapto catch them to protect the food . After placingthis trap on the shelf in just a few days themoths were caught . Great product .
 Great results from such a simple product . I would recommend these to anyone that has problems with moths in their pantry !
 Only thing worse than the pantry moths is finding their offspring in your food . Ugg !! These traps work great . There in no oder or insecticides so you feel good using them next to your food . Problem solved !
 So I opened up the box , placed the square pink thing in the middle . I open up the pantry and all of a sudden 4 moths flew out with the box still in my hand . I set it down inside the pantry and saw them go in ... the 1st day i caught about 5 . A week later I had about 15 . I did see one or two go in and not get stuck though in the glue .
 I got an infestation of pantry moths from a bag of bird seed . The population of moths soon got out of control , and I was finding them everywhere ! I have 2 of these lures in my pantry , and they have been there for about a month . I still find the odd moth flying around , but the population is definitely dwindling , and I 'm sure I 'll be moth free soon . The lure definitely catches the male moths , you just need a little patience to allow the life cycle of already hatched moths to pass . Pleased overall .
 very good costumer service . Very good natural product also . Safe to keep in kitchen.I also suggest to my friends . Thank you .
 My moth infestation started with my cockatiel 's food -LRB- I think -RRB- and spread so fast I 'm still not sure I 've found all the larvae-friendly nooks in my apartment . I 'm still baffled why I find them hovering around in my bathroom!But my poor housekeeping aside , I stood in the kitchen , opened the sealed bait packet , and dropped it onto the sticky trap . Instantly two moths were circling . A couple hours later there were ten or twelve stuck in the glue . After a week it was covered with them and I had to dispose of it.The key with these infestations is breaking the lifecycle . You have to get rid of the moths before they can reproduce , which means you need to keep catching the boys for at least a couple weeks , and doing it before the girls can exercise their charms . The best advice is to employ both a trap like this and a larvae insecticide that you apply to your walls in any room where you think the infestation started up near the ceiling . This is because when the larvae hatch they crawl upwards . They hit the insecticide barrier and die -LRB- or become unable to cocoon , I do n't recall which -- same effect either way -RRB- . The insecticide is very effective , I 've successfully eliminated these moths in the past with it . However , it is also toxic to just about every living thing -- including your pets and you . So I hate using it in the kitchen.The third thing you must do -LRB- and which I 've been lax on -RRB- is find and get rid of EVERYTHING that 's infested . The infestation is obvious . The larvae form small cocoons usually in the corners of boxes and walls -LRB- look up at the angle between your wall and ceiling -RRB- . But they 'll also eat their way into envelopes , like packets of taco seasoning . You can spot the tiny round hole . They like dry goods , and I 've even found then in soap powder . Zipper closure bags are n't effective -- they can chew through them . They can also worm their way inside of twist cap tops on jars and I recently found them inside a can of McCann 's Steel Cut Oatmeal where the metal lid was firmly shut . Maybe in that case they got in when I had the can open to make oatmeal -LRB- I do not mean to suggest that the oatmeal was infested when bought it -RRB- . Put dry goods into firmly sealed hard plastic or glass containers.And the final thing to do is freeze the suspect foods . Any bag of bird food that enters my apartment goes right into the freezer for at least three days . That kills the eggs . If you can keep things like flour and cereal in the fridge you 'll have better luck , too.This product as an excellent part of a moth eradication program . The box contains two , and you should use them both one after the other -LRB- do n't set them up in two places at once , that confuses the moths -RRB- in addition to my other steps above .
 It just quietly sits there and nails the little devils . No odor , no mess . I find they 're effective next to a fruit bowl in the summer for a couple of months . Have tried cheaper ones .
 This pest trap is working pretty well for me . I 've had moths for a few years now . They seem to come out mostly on summer nights . I threw out almost all my food last year , yet they continue to show up . I finally got sick of spending every evening swatting 5-7 moths . Now with the trap , I only have to chase down 1-2 moths each night , if any . I 've found that location really does matter though . One trap I placed on a bookshelf and caught nothing after several weeks . I moved it just 5 feet away to another shelf , and now it 's catching plenty of bugs . So if you are n't getting as many bugs caught as you would expect , try moving the trap . Anyway , this product is n't solving my pest issue , as I still have some floating around , but it 's certainly helping a great deal .
 I found I had moths in my kitchen . Looked up on internet , and found these strips available . They work ... that is all I know .
 Well truth be known , this product lives up to it 's claim . The pantry pests are indeed pretty much gone . Yes there are still some the linger , but it culls them enough so they can not get a stronghold on your pantry . The trap uses a pheromone to draw in the insects , it then uses a sticky pad to catch them . All that matters is that is works . You will usually see the moths on the paper in the first day . The benefits to this type of pest control are obvious . No mess , no stinky odors , and it 's safe for the environment and your family.Looking back , I would sure love to know how the critters got there in the first place ? I can say this much , once they move in it 's tough to get rid of them ! I have a gut feeling I know where they came from , but cant prove it . If ever your in a supermarket and they have flour products reduced in price , think twice before buying . There might be a reason why they are cheap . Enough said .
 These Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps far exceeded my expectations . We had suddenly become infested with small gray moths in our kitchen and pantry area . The problem got better after throwing away an open bag of flour that was improperly covered , cleaning the shelves , and putting all other flour , grain , and pasta products in Ziploc bags , but we still had several of the little pests fluttering around.We followed the package directions and placed the Pest Traps in the areas where the moths tended to be the worst . Sure enough , the first two traps literally filled with the moths within a week . Since then we have placed two more traps out and they have caught a few more , but we have n't seen any more flying in the house since.We are very pleased with the effectiveness of the Safer Brand Pantry Pest Traps - Highly Recommended
 I 've used this product in the past , and each time it has taken care of my pantry pest infestation . The traps are easy to install , and within a few days , the pest is gone . Wonderful !
 If you have dogs , cats , or other critters that eat dried food , you will get moths sooner or later ! Not to mention all of the other dried products that we all tend to use.I have used these for several years , and they do a great job of keeping the moths down . I would rather have a few moths than risking the safety of my food using various pesticides.One goes atop the fridge , and another atop the microwave sitting on it 's cart . As the trap fills up , effectiveness decreases because the sticky surface gets covered in moths and ` moth dust ' . I intend to spread some `` tree tanglefoot '' on top of the moths - might extend the life.Overall , an effective product for those moths listed on the box . If this does n't work for you , do a bit of research to identify your ` guests '' !
 These traps are amazing . We put the box containing the scent -LRB- not noticable -RRB- and sticky paper on a top shelf , and left it . When I checked it several days later there were moths caught on the sticky paper . They are attracted by the scent , and I have seen no more moths flying around .
 My parents are pack rats and they do n't throw away many things ... because of this they have expired dried food ... so every time I go home their house is like a moth farm . Moths were flying in my face , near my food ... they were just everywhere.I bought a couple of these traps and put them up near their food source -LRB- flour , grains , crackers , cereal , etc. -RRB- and hoped that they would help . A month later my parents called and told me how great the traps were ... they were very thankful . I did n't know how effective these traps were until I visisted my parents ' home again . . I did not see one moth ! Very impressed . . and I would recommend this product to anyone .
 We have pet birds and with all the bird seed around you are bound to have moths . The house was once infested and this little item saved the day . They DO WORK !!! Also safe around pets and especially delicate lungs of birds . No toxic odors and no messy sprays , just dead bugs !!
 Pantry moths are just gross . So when I Googled it & realized why I had so many moths in my house , I quickly got onto Amazon to find the right product - one that did n't use harsh chemicals & one that was effective . The minute -LRB- literally -RRB- I opened the pheromone packet and placed it in the trap , I had 4 moths fly in from who knows where attracted to the trap . -LSB- I have video proof -- I 'll try to upload -RSB- . One got interested enough and was caught on the sticky trap immediately . Unfortunately , the other 3 just kinda hung out but never entered the trap . And I did n't catch any more for a couple days . Just as I was feeling disappointed by it 's lack of victims , after being away from the house for a couple days , I came home to 3-4 more moths captured . -LSB- Hooray ! -RSB- Overall , it works but not as aggressively as I hoped . But I 'm not sure another trap would . I 'm happy with my purchase because it is capturing the moths and my problem does seem to be reduced -LRB- I only see about 1-2 moths a day ... I still have to majorly clean out my cupboards before I expect any full reprieve -RRB- . I might try a stickier fly strip as suggested by some - I have not seen that the tackiness does n't work , but I 'm willing to try anything to make sure all the moths are gone .
 We went to a lot of work to rid ourselves of pantry moths , but we could not get rid of the last survivors . This product did just that , within days of putting it on the shelf . Best to use a high shelf because you can see the dead moths , which is n't very appetizing .
 Found product to be effective . However , it will take at least three weeks to start seeing results.We had a moderate infestation .
 These work really well . I have a problem with pantry moths , and thought I had almost gotten rid of them , but got the traps just in case . When I first opened the shipping box in my kitchen , a small fleet of moths seemingly came out of nowhere and starting swarming the box . So , I 'd say that this is pretty potent love stuff for them ! The downside of course is having the traps laying around with dead moths -LRB- or struggling moribund moths -RRB- stuck to them . And , despite using the traps for 6 months , and putting all newly purchased grains in the freezer for 24 hrs , new moths are stilling appearing now and then , so full eradication remains elusive .
 I order 2 boxes every 6 months for my pantry . I do n't know how those bugs get in there , but those traps are full by the six month mark -LRB- I am a Chicago suburban homeowner -RRB- . It 's safe , no pesticides .
 These traps were the only thing I found that cured my pantry moth problem -- I cleaned out my pantry , disposed lots of dry goods , and tried to keep everything tightly sealed but still have problems with the moths . After a few weeks with these , the moths were gone . I 've used them for about three years now and have n't seen any moths or their eggs anywhere.You 've got to be patient . I was expecting that the moths would fly right in to the traps to meet their demise . It does n't exactly work that way -- but with time , the moths do find their way into the traps and the problem is solved.Overall , a great , simple solution to a very annoying and costly problem .
 This is the third set of this brand pantry moth trap I 've purchased . It 's virtually impossible to permanently rid your pantry of moth eggs once you have a moth . They come in cycles for us . The traps attract and catch all the adults . They hatch in cycles , months apart . The traps will sit empty for a long time , then suddenly I 'll find 8 moths in one . We keep as much food as possible in tightly sealed containers , but always have open cereals and cracker boxes on hand . Since we started using the traps I 've never found moths in the food or flying around . They just show up in the traps . You are supposed to replace the traps every three months , but ours have been working for longer periods - probably 5 months .
 We put out these traps in 2007 or 2008 - a very long time ago . They never caught anything , so I left them alone and simply checked every few months . I knew they probably were `` dead '' and should be replaced , but just never got around to it . About a month ago , I found the trap and looked inside - inside three months -LRB- when I last checked -RRB- , the trap went from no moths to a dozen or more captured ! And this is after years of just sitting with the phermone strip exposed to the air ! THANK YOU , SAFER ! I immediately replaced the traps with new ones , since the old ones were full . Hope the new traps last 1/2 as long ! RECOMMENDED .
 My life was consistently plagued with pantry moths until I found this product . I had tried every other approach imaginable , including a high-powered chemical that I sent for on the Internet -LRB- banned in my state -RRB- and landed me in the ER.That 's not to say that the problem has completely disappeared . It requires constant vigilance . But this is the best product I 've found .
 Purchased my traps at Lowes and the moths flocked to them . After a month or two I could n't tell if the traps were still working - they had collected many moths ! So I moved the old traps to a different closet and added two more traps to the pantry . all four traps are still catching moths!So , the traps -LRB- a -RRB- lure the moths and trap them , but -LRB- b -RRB- I 'm still having moths show up over three months later . I suspect the moths have dug in quite well , but I 'll continue adding traps until they come up clean.I realize that some reviewers say the traps do n't work ... I wonder if they opened the small envelope -LRB- ~ 1 `` x1 '' -RRB- that contained the pheromone chip , and placed -LRB- dropped -RRB- the chip onto the sticky board as the instructions directed . That chip is what draws the males to the sticky board . Without the pheromone chip , the trap will be ineffective.When I first opened the trap I found the instructions to be not as clear as I thought they should have been - I was n't certain how the pheromone chip was to be placed in the trap . It turns out that you just open the envelope -LRB- pouch ? -RRB- and drop the chip onto the sticky board on the inside of the trap . then place the trap in the location where you believe the moths reside . The trap does the rest - safely.I 'm satisfied with the operation of the trap , but ready for the moths to be eradicated . At least they are no longer flying around my kitchen !
 Put it in my pantry tonight , and it caught 2 moths within 15 minutes , so something is working!That being said , I actually bought this at Home Depot for only $ 5.78 + tax ! This really casts doubt on Amazon 's claim that the list price is $ 11.11 ...
 I 've been using these things for years with good success but what prompted me to write this review was setting out some new traps tonight and watching as one moth flew in to the pheromone bait tab , got stuck , managed to get loose , then went right back after the tab again , apparently thinking he 'd found the moth of his dreams . He did n't get loose the second time . There 's an allegorical tale for all us males right there.As has been mentioned in other reviews , these only trap the male moths . That cuts down on the reproduction rate but you still have to kill the females by hand . The traps might work better if the manufacturer had put a larger patch of the sticky stuff on the inside and the price is a little high but when used in conjunction with proper storage techniques , the traps will help you keep grain moths under control .
 This does what it advertises . I had a meal moth infestation in my storage room and after one year of squashing these pests by hand , i decided to research on an easier way to kill these bugs . Luckily i came across this product which works like a charm . I no longer have to go into the storage room at 11pm to kill bugs . After a few days the problem is solved . No more bugs flying around .
 I have been using the `` pantry pest '' in my pantry and closets for many years now.It is the most effective product I 've used . I recommend it to everyone.C.A . SmallArizona
 A roommate and I moved into an apartment with a serious moth problem and took almost a year to get it completely fixed . I can sympathize with anyone in a similar situation!This product essentially does what it says -LRB- at least for us , I think we had grain moths -RRB- . It would lure-in and catch 10-20 moths and day and within a week , would be at capacity with no more sticky surface left ! It 's great that package 2 traps in each box ! The REAL solution to a moth problem is :1 -RRB- Place all grains in anything less than sealed glass or metal containers in the freezer for a week . Put almost anything you can in there for good measure . Try to use heavy-duty containers in the future too ... 2 -RRB- Place tape over any cracks in the walls or between cabinates and the walls . I think they were nesting in there ... 3 -RRB- Clean all surfaces carefully and throw out any food older than a week or two . My roommate brought a paper-bag filled with corn flour ... . They got into it at some point and by the next time we checked it was filled with silk - yuck .4 -RRB- Use these traps to catch the stragglers . They wo n't fix the problem alone .5 -RRB- Be diligent in killing them yourself . I killed many-a-moth by hand . . These traps are great , but no more than a band-aid if used alone ! Find the source of the problem !
 The Safer brand pantry moth traps are amongst the best . They are odorless and effective . Unlike other brands of similar traps , the Safer brand has the lure pads individually packaged so you can only use one trap if that is your need.Although the packaging suggests several weeks between trap replacement , the lure seems much less effective after 3 or 4 weeks .
 The Pantry Pest is a great product . After being away from our home for 3 months , we came home to moths ! It took a while to figure out where they were coming from . When we realized they were FOOD moths and not CLOTHES moth , I went to our local hardware store and bought The Pantry Pest traps . It 's important to throw all food stuffs away . Anything new was stored in plastic bags or containers . Eventually they disappeared , thanks to this excellent product . I highly recommend it!Sally Fama
 Attracts only male moths , so do n't be surprised to see other -LRB- female -RRB- moths flying around it . Ours worked for 2 months , killing many moths and finally ridding our cupboards of these incredibly persistent pests . Highly recommended .
 These moth traps are excellent . In one box there are two trap and the scent packs . After putting these traps out I caught tons of bugs . Many moths swooped down and were trapped . It does take sometime for these traps to start working , give it a day or two . I will be adding some pics of how my traps look after about a month of being out .
 These are fantastic . I will often get pantry moths in early spring so I set these up before that time and it takes care of the problem .
 This trap was a great fix for our moth problem ! I put them on our kitchen counter and within about a month we had tons -LRB- maybe 40 -RRB- in the trap . They are very easy to set up and when full , just throw them away . I think it was very affordable and well worth it for the amount of moths it caught . I even reordered the same product again to replace the full traps .
 This product worked well to rid my pantry of moths . It is still necessary to clean the pantry well and check stored products for mealworms .
 I had a terrible problem with pantry pests , so I looked online for something to solve it . I searched Amazon and decided to try this product . It worked immediately . Took it out of the box , put in the lure and set it down . Those pest started to circle around the little trap and soon were flying in and getting stuck on the adhesive inside the box . Needless to say I am happy with this product .
 I have found ` The Pantry Pest Trap ' to be the ultimate deterant to the moth pest . When The Pantry Pest Trap was no longer available at a local `` box '' store , I had a fit because the traps kept my pantry , garage and closets free of moths . Fortunately , I searched the internet and found the `` Safer '' product available via Amazon.com . So instead of chasing moths all through the house with a fly swatter , I use ` The Pantry Pest Trap ' the best moth catcher ever available via Amazon.com . And , I approve this message ... J R Johnson
 I had a bag of dog food come into my house and it was contaminated with moths . We spent days killing them . Apparently we did not kill them fast enough because in a few more days we had the worms EVERYWHERE -LRB- there must have been 200 on the ceiling in the morning -RRB- . A few more days pass and even though we thought we had all the worms we had moths everywhere again . I bought a couple of these traps and they worked well . I was rather impressed . We still have moths and we kill them as we see them , but the trap does catch them . A few days later I went to order more of these since I knew they worked and saw the catchmaster ones as well for a lot cheaper , so I ordered both . I am giving these 4 stars because they worked well and really impressed me , until I put out the catchmaster traps . In 2 days the catchmaster ones are outcatching these ones 4 to 1 . They seem to use the same lure , but have MUCH stronger glue and a lot more of it . These work well , but you can get 3 times the traps for about the same money and the cheaper ones do a better job.Catchmaster Moth and Pantry Pest Trap
 We have unfortunately had a real problem with these food moths and found that these Pantry Pest Traps to be EXCELLENT in catching them . I truly do not understand the negative reviews , other than perhaps these customers do not have ` food ' moths but ` clothes ' moths . I mean who ever thought researching ` moths ' would ever be on one 's agenda list ??? Anyway , suffice it to say , that these moth traps are highly effective and the Amazon price is the lowest around . Thank you both Pantry Pest and Amazon for being the amazing company that you are !
 In April , at the height of our moth activity , I bought a box of these traps and placed one , per the instructions , underneath the cupboard . Three days later , all I 'd found inside was a gray smudge where a moth apparently managed to free itself from the glue . I was frustrated and posted a 1-star review.Just over a month later I happened to look inside the trap , and I was stunned . Both sticky surfaces are now covered with moths and even a few flies . I have n't touched the trap , and I 'm not sure what happened , but I 've completely revised my opinion . You may now consider me very pleased with my purchase .
 Product works very good . Will buy again . I would recommend this product for house , garage , where the little pests fly .
 Nothing terribly exciting , except that it worked and did what I needed it to do . We had had a problem with moths and I did n't want to use anything toxic . This worked quickly and got rid of the moths .
 We 've purchased this product twice now and have been satisfied with it each time.Product does just what it says . Easy to assemble . Set it up and the pantry moths find it quickly . They stick to the glue inside the paper triangular unit.Will buy again.Non-toxic , safe around food , children , pets.Vendor sent promptly .
 I am going through the third sets of these traps . Each trap catches about two dozen months before it fills up . In the same time frame the UV light electronic sapper only kills a couple . I have improved the UV Attractor with the used up scent pellets from these traps . The production rate may be attributed to position but they are only 12 ft apart .
 Love this pest trap , it really works ! Have n't seen any moths flying around the house since I put one near my cabinet where I keep cereals and pasta . They get stuck inside on the sticky sides and presto , no more moths !
 Wow , great for around the yard ; powerful ! no cords ! uses Ryobi 18v batteries !
 This is the best of the home tools I have purchased as a homeowner . I charge one battery while using the other one . Perfect and lightweight too .
 I tried a few other brands , and found this one to be the best of all .
 I 've had mine for about 5yrs . I 'm now in need of new battiers but it works so good . A little maintance and good to go . Battiers cost a bit but they did last 5 yrs . Ca n't beat the price I paid 99.00 $ for the whole set . Well worth it .
 These are solidly made , comfortable to use , and about 95 % nonstick . The handle stays cool during use , the latch slide is secure and solid . The nonstick makes clean up easy and keeps you from peeling that tasty crisp fish skin off when opening .
 Nice product . Stylish , elegant and practical . My husband loved his Father 's Day gift . Grilled fish and it worked perfectly .
 I 've had one of these for two years , and use it all the time in the summer . I also have theOutset QN77 Copper Nonstick Grill Skillet with Removable Soft-Grip Handleand theOutset QN77 Copper Nonstick Grill Skillet with Removable Soft-Grip Handlewhich are terrific.The fish basket holds -LRB- small - to medium-sized -RRB- whole fish or fillets and vastly simplifies the tricky job of turning a fish on the grill . Three quibbles
 I enjoyed this purchase . Good merchandise , great price . Good company to deal with , delivery was wonderful . would purchase again .
 My wife informed me it was the best grill brush she ever owned . would recomended it to anyone . It was priced right .
 This brush is a great , large size , with a long handle . Seems sturdy . I 'm pleased with my purchase .
 My order arrived within the estimated time I was given at time of purchase . The GrillPro Deluxe Long Handled Brush 's product photographs and description are well described by the Seller . I had seen on the evening local news a warning explaining when it was time to replace a grill cleaning brush that has the wire bristles . It is time to replace your old grill brush when the metal bristles are bent and show signs the metal bristles are close to breaking off because the broken metal shards can be left unseen on the grill grates which can stick to the food , be consumed and can cause a medical emergency . Sure enough , my old metal bristled grill brush had major metal breakage and it immediately was discarded . I then went in search for a replacement and chose the GrillPro 77380 18-Inch Deluxe Long Handle Grill Brush a couple months ago . . The long handle length is very sturdy and the metal bristle end is a nice size for a wider area of cleaning . The metal bristles are adequate in length reach in between the grates to clean in between each open space thoroughly . There is a dual ended flat metal scraper works wonders on the stubborn burnt on that the bristles are unable to remove . And there 's even a slot at the end of the long handle to be able to hang up the GrillPro brush when not in use . I love my new GrillPro Brush !
 If you must have the best , this is it . I have yet to see a set of outdoor cooking tools that can beat the quality of this one . The tools have a solid feel to them , and a nice shape with all rounded edges . The stainless steel is polished to a mirror finish . The one piece solid steel construction makes these sure to last a lifetime . I challenge anyone who can locate a better set of tools to post the link in a review below .
 I purchased this item for a low price with free s/h . I 've used it for four summers . It has the power to wash my house , garage , deck , large spans of pavement turned black from Oak trees , clean my patio furniture ... So far no project has been too large for this item . I probably use it 4-5 times each summer , so for me ... it is working out to be exactly what I needed at a price I could afford .
 When my wife gave me the task of getting everything spruced up for an upcoming visit and cook-out for the my daughter and her kids , I was truly dreading it . Explaining that March Madness had priority was an excercise in futility . Looking for a way to minimize the time so I could see my beloved GATORS make a run in the tournament , I purchased the PWS1750.Talking about picking winners , this thing is absolutely amazing . It came nicely packed and full of extra features that I had n't found on other machines I had seen at Sam 's and Lowe 's . A hose reel and brass fittings for the hose connection to name a few . In no time flat , I had cleaned the patio & lawn furniture , BBQ grill , the floating dock and the pontoon boat . It has more power than I will ever need for my regular cleaning jobs which include removing the mold from the house siding which is a common occurrence down here in the Sunshine state.Hooking it up and putting this dream machine to work was a breeze . The hose reel was great for storing the hose after I finished and the on-board storage was more than adequate.One thing I discovered when I first started using my `` cleaning buddy '' was that it was extremely quiet when compared to my neighbor 's unit . His machine has this feral cat scream emitting from it while my just purrs with a very low hum . Also , his does n't seem to have near the power I have . Since he is my golfing buddy , he will need to get a quiet runner so we can clean in the morning while the wives are asleep then we can still go tee it up before 9am . Next to my R7 driver this is the best thing I 've bought in a while.UPDATE
 I had a gas powered pressure washer that was a real nightmare to start and I had to deal with gas , oil and winterizing the thing.I finally had enough and bought the PWS1750 and what a joy to use . Although the last washer was rated at 1900 psi , I can not tell the difference in power . This is relatively quite and a press of a button and you 're ready to go . I wish I would have gotten this first .
 I recently purchased this product , and can not put it down ! Of course if I did my wife would notice and tell me to do something that is not as fun . I simply have moved my way through my backyard , cleaning furniture , the patio , the exterior of my shed , my car , it goes on . My last electric unit purchased at Lowes should not have even carried the name of a pressure washer , the only pressure created with it was in my head , cause it was nothing but a headache !!! This Powerwasher 1750 , cleans effectively and quietly , and I can not reccomend it enough .
 I 've had it for a couple of months now and am happy with it . I was drawn to it because it was one of the higher psi electric models available . I thought the hose reel looked interesting and the advertised on-board detergent tank sounded promising.When I first hooked it up and turned it on , it leaked water like crazy . I removed the plastic cover and tightened up the 2 '' section of pipe which connects to a garden hose and it worked fine after that.There is no onboard detergent tank , only a 2 foot intake hose which you place into your own detergent container . This works fine , unless you have to move it around a lot . I primarily use mine to clean concrete retaining walls , brick and concrete patios . I find it takes about an hour to do a 10 ` x10 ' section.The onboard hose reel is only useful for storage . When you actually use the unit , you have to unravel the entire length of hose in order to connect it to the unit .
 I had another electric washer that never worked right and leaked all the time . I 've had the PWS1750 for just a couple weeks but it has been great . I 've used it to clean the deck for re-sealing and to clean years of dirt , etc from the lawn furniture it was plently powerful and relativley quiet.Compared to the maint for a gas unit I went with an electric and I 'm very satisfied with this unit .
 It seemed like every place I went another friend had a power washer , so I decided to look at them online . I came across this one , so I bought it . This was a great buy . It has power , 2 nozzles , and its priced right . The best part was when my friends saw what I bought . They all said the same thing . After I took it out , it took them 5 seconds to say , `` No way , yours has a reel for the hose . I sure wished mine came with one . `` There has been a oouple of times when I 've turned it on and tried using it , and nothing happens . Its like it is just blowing air , but I walk over to it , adjust the washer so its sitting level , and then it works great !! Look around if you want , but for the money and power , you 'll be satisfied .
 I purchased this Powerwasher PWS1750 about 3 weeks ago.It arrived in about 1 week and in great shape no problem.When I used it for the first time , it had a small probemwith the pressure and leaking form the handle.The problem was small and a easy fix . The hose connected tothe handle was not locked on , so far so good.This unit seems to be of good quality and easy to operate.So far I am pleased with this product .
 I like it so much for myself that I 'm probably going to buy a couple for a new spa my company is building up in Colorado . There are many higher priced washers out there , but this one gives the flexibility and it seems like it will hold up . Did my homework well and did n't get burned buying this !
 the powere washer works well , but could be a bit more powerful.The adjustible or wide spray wand / nozzle was not in the packaging or was inadvertanly discarded with the packaging unnoticed . How might I get a rerplacement ?
 Right out of the box this machine did everything we asked . Received it yesterday and put it to work right away . Cleaned the siding on my house and my son 's rims on his truck.Easy to use .
 I had a gas power washer and it was so clunky and heavy hard to use and hard to START ! I hated getting it out of the garage ! This is light weight and I can hook it up and get it going with no trouble at all . I used it a few weekends ago to clean off the deck before staining and it worked fantastic ! The driveway is next !
 Works great . The Turbo extension broke as soon as I used it . I did the live chat thing with a rep on power washer 's website , and was shipped a new one immediately , so the customer support gets a thumbs up .
 I researched this product thoroughly before purhchsing and I am not disappointed . This is one of the best Pressure washer on the market . Although the cut-off button dropped out in shipping , the customer service was impecable from FAIP . They sent the instructions showing how to remedy the problem all by e mail and this was repaired in less than ten minutes.I must admit that this may not be as easy for the non-technical person . The washer however is great . It even removes five year concrete stains leaving the concrete just as if it was just poured .
 I have used this for about 10 hours over the last month and am satisfied with it 's performance . I have never used a pressure washer before so I do n't have anything to compare it to.Pluses : - Easy to set up and change nozzle heads . - Does a decent job . Do n't know how I 've managed without one . - Easy to adjust spray head nozzle.Minuses - As noted elsewhere , the unit is not easy to move on wheels because the water feed hits the ground when tilting unit to roll . I end up carrying it most of the time . Poor design . - Motor seems to cavitate the first time it has been used after it has been sitting for several days . This requires turning the nozzle on and off multiple times until the problem clears . This may take several minutes . - Hard to detach the pressure hose from the unit after use . - When stopping the flow from the gun , the unit makes a metallic clicking sound as the motor spins down . I do n't know if this is a problem or not.Customer service - I emailed about the missing detergent tank and they said they would send it to me . After about a month , a tank arrived with no instructions . It 's not obvious where this would mount . I 'm not convinced the missing tank is such a big deal unless you need to move the unit frequently - you can just set your detergent container next to the unit and insert the suction hose . This eliminates the need for cleaning the tank.Online registration - does not list this model number as a choice.I believe this is probably made by the same company as the Husky unit . When I called customer service they referred to the Husky unit several times .
 For the home owner it does what ever you need at 1750 psi . My last one was gas @ 2500psi . This electric washer is a no brainer . Easy operation and at 1750 psi can still do damage to wood if not carful .
 I 've used this washer to do all kinds of chores around the house . I cleaned the deck , vinyl siding , sidewalk , lawn furniture , and other misc . items . The washer is fun to use and easy to operate and set up . It has enough power for most household jobs . If you have a 2 story home and want to clean your vinyl siding you would probably want a more powerful gas washer . I live in town I like not having the noise of a gas model . Overall I am very happy with my purchase and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for good power washer for general home use .
 Received mine about a week ago , and fired it up yesterday . Hooked up water hoses , plugged it in , and pulled the trigger . Crud went away . Compared to the Husky I had for 2 years , this one is quiet , and I can change wand heads without dislocating a shoulder . So far , so good . Do n't care about detergent , you never know where the run-off will go . So far , so good .
 This is my first power washer experience both purchasing one and using one . The unit is quite sturdy . I used it for three hours early sunday morning cleaning 15 years worth of grime offof my cement patio . It was truly amazing to see the gunk fly right off leaving the cement looking as though it was just poured . I was concerned that it would make a lot of noise but it was amazingly quiet . I needed pliers to disconnect the pressure hose from the unit as I just could n't get a good enough grip on it with my hand . One improvement I would suggest is to have a retractable handle like a suitcase to make it easier to wheel it around . I 'm tall and when I was pulling the unit around the garden , I had to crouch down in order to pull it around . All in all , I think this power washer is well worth the money .
 I received my pressure washer about 5 weeks ago and could not be happier with it . I have already begun to save money , i normally take two cars to the carwash weekly , but have since begun cleaning them with my pressure washer . It is easy to operate , and completes all cleaning tasks in about half the time . Something i thought interesting when reading the reviews below ; I was using the live web chat help system PowerWasher has -LRB- which by the way is far better than waiting on hold , -RRB- and the tech and i got to chatting ... apparently these machines have been on here only 10 weeks , so these people complaining of the machine , saying they have had it for 6 months or whatever , are either lying or on drugs , thought i would pass that on to all you .
 working ok But I did have to send for a turbo nozzle under warranty , cracked at seam . but otherwise doing a good job .
 This pressure washer works well for common-house hold use . Did a great job on the decking , sidewalks and shed . Ca n't beat it for the money . I purchased a cheaper model from a local discount store previously and returned 2 of them before getting my money back and purchasing this one . Sofar , so good !
 this thing did not leak a drop . it has metal fittings to connect the hose and the high pressure line , no cheap plastic stuff . when running is is quieter than your average pressure washer , when you let off the trigger it is completely silent . plenty of power to clean decks and vinyl siding . more powerful than i expected . The turbo wand malfunctioned after just 15 minutes of use , the other wand worked great . They are mailing me a new turbo wand . The unit I received from Amazon appeared to be used/refurbished but it worked great so i did n't complain .
 these flower pots give a subtle highlight to the yard , are light weight , and ... I just keep ordering them !
 We received them fairly quickly and they are a nice bright red . A little scuffed here and there so that 's why its only 4 stars but otherwise its a nice pot and works well for our needs .
 The planter arrived on time . The size is great for large house plants . The color is very vibrant but the plastic does look cheaper .
 good merchandise , I received it quickly and the planter was well worth the price.They waqnt another 6 words before they will accept my review so that was it .
 I like color on my patio . I bought 4 of these pots in various sizes and various colors . Drainage trays are a plus . No complaints because my plants are doing very well .
 It 's a plastic planter . It works . Buy it if you need a planter and do n't want to spend much . Simple
 I like the way it holds dirt . It looks good , and is of good quality . I would order this again .
 This potter had some reviews about the color not matching , but mine is awesome and it looks great in my office . I bought the Quasar Blue and it was exactly was I was expecting . Other reviewers suggested to snap off the bottom prior to planting as it can be a little hard to take off on the first time and I 'm glad I did ; they were right . Other than that , I 'm really happy with this purchase , it 's an inexpensive way to brighten up a room .
 I 've purchased four of these in varying sizes . They are an excellent bargain . The sizes are as stated , the drainage holes give the base of the planter a way to breathe , and the overall appearance in generally pretty pleasing . The burgundy works best for me . The green is pretty ugly , but it was cheap and I mean to insert it into a brass pot anyway.I imagine that I will be buying still more of these planters . I have a number of brass pots which are very decorate but not really suitable as planters by themselves . These planters complete the puzzle , and they do so at a great price . Well worth the money .
 The planter was just what I wanted . It 's for my norfolk pine that 's about 3-4 feet tall . I got a very large pot for it so I would n't have to repot it . It 's doing great .
 I am using the planter to grow basil indoors . The pot is ideal for home and is very practical , does n't take much space and it never leaked on the floor .
 Love the glossy black and the attached drip pan . It came well packed without a scratch . I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 I was looking for some lightweight pots to replant my Christmas cactus in and these were perfect . I searched many stores in my town and could n't find anything like I was wanting , then I searched here ... and voila ! there they were . I repotted my cacti and they are thriving !
 This is an attractive and practical planter for the money . Pot your plant after you take the saucer off because it 's not easy to remove . The black planter really brings out the nice greenery of my Golden Pothos .
 Green Thumb at Amazon.comThe Dnynamic Design Gloss Planter withAttached Sauceris an excellent productIy is good looking , sturdy , and practical.The attached saucer collectswater and avoids spillage on porches andbalconies so that they remain neat andclean . In the wind , my plants are protectedfrom the cold . I am going to purchase two moreof them .
 This planter is the exact size and shape that I desired . It was delivered on time and the attached saucer is perfect . The only issue is that the color is not what it looks like in the picture . It is definitely more purple than red , so beware .
 It 's big , study & holds a plant ! This is just what we wanted to replace an older version , the `` saucer ' is a good feature to avoid spilling/overfilling with water . It shipped fast & was well boxed . Good value for the $ $
 This is the perfect size for my square foot container gardening . It is a little deep to what they recommend but works fine
 This bucket is sufficient for plants that need moisture . The attached saucers help the planter by not leaking after watering . For the time we have had this , it has worked great and is very sturdy ! Does not break easily . Fast shipment too !!
 Product is one of the most stable , attractive plant holders . Delivery was quick and planter was in excellent condition . Will buy from this seller again !
 I was n't sure on the measurements of this planter , so I took a risk and ordered it . Turns out , the measurement is for width , not height -LRB- although the height is nearly the same -RRB- . So I ordered the 8in and it measured about 8.25 in width at the widest place at the top and about 7.5 in height . I ordered it in orange and it did not disappoint - it 's still bright orange , although more orange than the product image makes it look like . Looks sturdy , yet flexible enough to let the plant distort the planter without breaking it -LRB- which is key for my false zamia -RRB- . Also , although it is plastic , it does not look cheap . It took me a minute to figure out how to remove the saucer - you just have to pull it out -LRB- as opposed to twisting -RRB- . I would advise doing this before you put the plant in , as it can require a bit of effort to remove it the first time .
 This is an excellent economical planter . The black brings out the colors of foliage and adds a contemporary look to any room . I have not tried them outdoors but I think the smaller versions may be too light-weight for windy conditions .
 I 've got a basil plant in this pot . Its growing like a weed . Its a sturdy pot , with good drainage . Happy planting !
 Hey , it is cheap and comes with a matching saucer . It looks okay enough in my bedroom and is a good size . The saucer snaps on and looks nice .
 I purchased two red pop planters size 16 '' and liked them so much I also bought two size 12 '' . They are very attractive , a nice bright red , lightweight plastic . I currently have tomatoes in them and they are thriving . I would n't hesitate to buy more should I need them . They look good , they work , and you ca n't beat the price.You can check the product description where I added two photos of the planters on my patio so you can see how they look being used .
 These are going to be a gift , so I do n't know how they 'll actually hold up unless my husband 's aunt says something , but upon receiving this pot I was pleased with it 's look and initial quality -LRB- by looks and feel -RRB- . For the price I was very pleased with what I got when I opened the box .
 When my clay pot broke , I looked for an extra-large plastic one to replace it . The local mega-stores did n't have the right size in stock so I went with Amazon . I 've been happy with this planter and the quality is good . I have no complaints about it .
 This is just what I expected . Great look for an inexpensive planter . It holds a tall 10 &#34; nursery pot perfectly
 Hi , We do n't have this in Trinidad . It 's really a fantastic product.ThanksAntonia
 The cover seems well made and a good value for the money -LRB- I purchased mine for under $ 10 at Amazon -RRB- with the following caveat
 First time buyer for umbrella covers and I got the wrong size . From the description in the ad I thought that it would fit . The cover is nice but not for a medium size umbrella . It 's for a skinny one , not full size . I paid as much for the shipping as for the cover itself . Live and Learn .
 Bought this cover for my 9-foot diameter market umbrella with thick wooden arms . It fits perfectly and suggly on the 9-footer . Ca n't imagine it would fit a similar 11-foot market umbrella .
 Bought this fella for my hardcore Auburn fan of a husband ... he has the guy sitting on his desk at work . . LOVES IT . This is a great gift little smaller than I imagined but perfect
 I ordered two of these for Christmas gifts . They are sooo adorable I ordered two more ! They are on the smaller size , but I actually ordered one for a friend as a kinck-knack to put on a shelf/desk as opposed to outside . Great deal for the price !
 This was a Christmas present for a colleague and she loved it . It was really cute and the price was just right .
 I got this garden gnome and the female version for my very hard to shop for Mother and Stepfather for Christmas this year . They - and I - loved them both . They 're even better than described and the transaction was quick and easy . Love these !
 I have a weber baby q and and when it gets really filthy and to greasy to bear I just take it out to the middle of the yard and put it on a pallet and spray the whole thing inside and out with this degreaser and wait 10 or 15 minutes and spray it off with the hose real good and it looks like new . I then turn the bbq upside and let it drain for about 10 minutes then I hook it back up and fire it up to cook the moisture out for about 15 minutes . I also use it for the stainless steel sink that I use to put my baby q in and the same thing , spotless with no work . I tried it on my pontoon trailer wheels where the grease from the bearings spins out and it took the grease right off , problem with that was the paint on the wheels got stained , so do n't use it for anything but your grill ... . it 's that strong . It rinses off completely with no after odor .
 Just got it and it looks nice , have n't used it yet.Anyway , just want to add that the dimensions are 65 '' x 23 ''
 The below reviewer is correct on the size of this item -LRB- 65 '' by 23 '' -RRB- , which was not listed in the description when I made the purchase . Unfortunately , it 's not big enough to cover my table and 4 patio chairs -LRB- which are normal sized - not enormous -RRB- . However , it covers the table alone very nicely and reaches all the way to the ground . -LRB- If it was covering the table and chairs together , it would only reach halfway and snow would likely pool in the middle of the tarp . -RRB- I decided to keep it just for the table and buy the matching cover for stacking chairs.The cover is thick beige canvas with a vent around the edge , velcro straps -LRB- I assume for storage -RRB- , and a drawstring to keep the bottom cinched when in use .
 I got tired of seeing those nasty green vinyl covers on my furniture and was excited to find these taupe colored covers . They feel almost like canvas on the outside but the underside is smooth and soft . They do n't have any flannel or fleece on them but I found on my previous vinyl covers with the soft flannel on the back got moldy after a few months in rain and heat -LRB- I live in FL so that may have made it worse -RRB- . I 've been using these for the past few months and actually have gotten compliments on how nice my patio looks AFTER I 've covered everything.Definitely recommend .
 I ordered one of these in late 2006 and put it over a round table/chair set in the backyard in January 2007 . Just the other day -LRB- August 2010 -RRB- , I noticed tears forming near some edges where the cover drapes over the chair backings . We got three and a half years of use out of this cover . It was exposed to direct sunlight and rain during that entire time , and protected the table well.You ca n't expect these covers to last forever . To me , it performed admirably . It 's a very durable cover at an affordable price . -LRB- It lasted MUCH longer than a previous cover that we bought at the fancy patio furniture store for three times as much money . -RRB- So I just threw out the old one that worked so well for four winters and three summers , and replaced it with a brand new one . Count me as one happy , repeat customer .
 I have had terrible trouble finding a round patio table cover large enough to cover our 60 '' table ... The covers in the stores are always for the smaller sizes of 42 '' or smaller . So I went online and knew nothing about this company or product , but took a chance . I was very pleasantly surprised . The cover fit perfectly , and seems to be constructed of heavy-weight waterproof material . The price was decent too , so overall , I am very pleased . Hopefully , it will last more than a couple of years .
 Arrived promptly . As advertised . Good quality material that has stood up to our strong winds . Will only work if the chair go completely flush to the table when pushed in . Other wise it will not fully cover table and chairs .
 Ordered this round patio chair/table cover a couple of weeks ago . I have a serious problem with dust as I live on a ranch . It was delivered promptly without incident and I was very surprised at the quality ! MUCH more heavy duty than I expected and it has venting to keep moisture from harming fabrics . I bought it for a bistro table and 2 chairs and found it was a little larger than I thought . Would easily fit 4 chairs with table . *************************************************** UPDATE
 This is a little large , but it works great for our 30 '' round patio table and two chairs . The drawstring keeps the cover in place when it 's windy . At the end of the winter there were a few stains -LRB- to be expected , I suppose -RRB- ; sprayed it with Simple Green , gave it a bit of a scrub and other than the darkest stains , it cleaned up quite nicely .
 I was pleasantly surprised at the quality of this item for the price . It is a lot thicker than I thgouth . Our patio table is only 30 X 40 with four chairs . This was the smallest cover I could find anywhere and I took a chance that it would fit over the table and chairs . It did - perfectly .
 I initially bought one cover and was pleasantly surprised with this item . Great material and very well manufactured . I ended up buying another cover as a spare .
 happy bout the price and the quality . would buy it again . fits great and stays on wven in strong wind
 I bought this to cover a bistro set , a table and 2 chairs . It 's a bit small for that unless I move everything really close together , but that 's ok.The quality of the cover is very good . It 's heavy duty so it does n't blow off when it 's windy , and the furniture underneath stays clean and dry . I 'd recommend it to anyone who needs to cover a table this size .
 very thick covers , Impressive when I pulled it out of the package nice ventilation in it . A draw string to pull the bottom tight fits well around a bistro table and 4 chairs also covered a bar with 4 high chairs and a smaller chair around the back of the bar worked very well covered all of it
 This heavy duty cover will be great for our cold Michigan winters . It lays flat and is top quality . Shipping was quick as well .
 IT IS A QUALITY PRODUCT FOR A GREAT PRICE . I AM VERY HAPPY WITH ROUND TABLE AND CHAIR PATIO COVER .
 Great table cover for patio furniture that is in the weather 24/7 . Wish I could find it in a little bit smaller size . Must tie all the ties to the legs of the table , because the wind will blow it right off . Save 's the table from intense sun damage , and bird droppings . Easy to clean .
 This cover is a good deal . It will last one -- maybe two years but does protect the table and chairs .
 Dimensions should have been included in description . In gusty weather cover blew off table . Used only on 54 inch table , not chairs . Did not trail on ground which is good . Would advise manufacturer to include tie downs -LRB- I added my own -RRB- . Otherwise . material is very good , sturdy and good-looking . Happy with purchase so far .
 This product is good for the price . It was a snug fit for my outdoor furniture . I might have liked it a little more if it were a little larger ; it does not come down to the legs of the chairs and table . But I am pleased with the strength ; not flimsy or easy to rip . Good color . Has nice straps to tighten so it does ' t blow off .
 The previous cover for our small round table -LRB- w/2 chairs -RRB- tore after one or two seasons . This one appears to be thicker , therefore I 'm optimistic . The table is small enough -LRB- 36 '' in dia . -RRB- so that the cover will lie flat upto the backs of the chairs -LRB- i.e. , the backs of the chairs do n't create `` tents '' -RRB- , reducing the amount of stress placed on the cover by snow . I did n't measure it , but I assume the other reviewers ' dimensions are correct since there 's plenty of cover there for our table and chairs .
 WE WERE SURPRISED ON HOW WELL THIS WAS MADE . WE HAD A SMALL TABLE AND 2 CHAIRS AND IT COVERED THE 3 PIECES WELL .
 I just received this cover , and am pleased with the material and apparent quality . I am hopeful that the `` fabric '' will hold up to cold and wet , which is what my winters hold . many of the covers I 've used in the past got `` cold '' and would become brittle and crack or tear . due to the lined fabric of this item , I do n't expect that problem . it 's also a good-looking cover . . I wish they made one that fit my little bbq grill too !
 Excellent purchase . Received shipment quickly and met all expectations . This was a gift and it was received well . Would purchase from this vendor again .
 This is a nice item for the money . It turned my funny looking plant -LRB- my wife said -RRB- into a Bonsai . The only thing else that would have been nice with it would be some wire to help train the plant .
 This gnome is delightful , though like the other reviewer says , it is small.I bought it for my gnome obsessed UGA graduate boyfriend , and he loves it.The gnome feels sturdy , like you can toss him around without being too concerned about breaking him , so I 'm sure if you wanted your gnome outside , this one could stand up to it . It 's actually a pretty nice little gnome , especially for the price . -LRB- Look around , people , gnomes are pretty pricey . -RRB-
 I gave this as a birthday Gift for a Georgia Alum ... it is in her front yard here in Big Orange Country !!
 My neghbor is a graduate of Georgia and still attends all the home games . This little guys keeps a watch on his dogs .
 My dad loved it -LRB- got my mom the florida gator cheerleader gnome to go with it -RRB- . Detail is nice and the paint job looks good . I forgot to check if it was solid or not but it is hefty for it 's size so I 'm assuming it 's solid until I get to check it out next time we go to my folks . The size is the only reason I did n't give it 5 stars . I knew full well it was only a foot tall when I ordered it so I was n't shocked when it arrived I just wish they made one that was 18 or 24 &#34; tall so it would be more prominent in the flower bed .
 This was a gift for a Go Dawgs ! fan . . it was a hit . They are on the small side but the description tells you that so read folks . Great for inside or outside and i bought the pair because everybody needs somebody :-RRB- plus it was a better deal at the time .
 UGA Garden Gnome ... I thought it was a joke , but the family loved it ! I bought two ... one was to be squirelled away til Christmas , but I was convinced it needed to be out and about for the football season . Go DAWGS !
 So Cute , small enough to put on your desk . My husband brought his to work and keeps it on his desk .
 The combo satelite was easy to install . I removed the original antenna and used the same hole in the roof . It works great .
 I 've been using this blade for several years . I have two acres to cut , and this blade lasts a whole season for me . That 's pretty impressive , considering the amount of grass I have to cut . The blade usually starts to go a little dull in early October , when I 'm done mowing for the year . As long as I do n't hit any foreign objects while mowing , this blade is as durable as they come . Well worth the price . I get a good 25 mowings with this blade , and like I said , I have a lot of grass to cut . Recommended .
 These blades work wonderfully on my Craftsman 1000LT mowing 6 acres weekly . Other than hitting rocks and stumps and needing to sharpen them because of that I have n't had a single problem or had one bend or break .
 Put my new blades on today , perfect fit , quality product . Shipper ships out fast and price could not be beat !
 these are just as good as if not even better than purchasing at SearsIt would have been almost $ 40 . at sears and I paid $ 25 Can t beat that
 When my original blades started showing erosion complerely through the metal thickness , I knew I had to replace them . I had read where other low price blades were of lighter weight material , so I opted for these based on others ' reviews , and am glad I made this choice . I do n't know if the metalurgy is the same , but physically they are identical , and bolted right up to the machine . Delivery was exceptional , too .
 They are very nice for the price . They work realGood . I would be glad to order another set if I need them .
 These mower blades are of good quality , and so much cheaper than OEM Blades I would reccommend these blades to anyone ordering lawnmower blades if you want a quality product at a reasonable price .
 Blades are the same as Sears original parts at a much more reasonable cost . Quick ship by the seller . Made a big difference in cut by my Craftsman mower .
 This was the first gas grill I have purchased , having always used charcoal grills . My family has really enjoyed using this grill - so much faster than charcoal . We have had minimal flare-ups with this grill , it cooks evenly and is fairly easy to clean . I have seen this grill at a cheaper price offline , but in researching prices online , Amazon beat other stores hands down . I would recommend this grill to anyone buying a gas grill for the first time .
 I got one of these grills as a hand-me-down from my cool big brother -LRB- who graduated to a plumbed natural-gas grill -RRB- . Though it had a few years on it when I got it , the char-broil served me well . It cooked smoothly and evenly , did n't consume too much gas , and was the focus of many a happy day of outdoor cooking . It finally fell prey to rust at a ripe old age . It was replaced with a Kenmore , which has never been quite so satisfying , despite being more rust-resistant . PS
 This was the first gas grill I have purchased , having always used charcoal grills . My family has really enjoyed using this grill - so much faster than charcoal . We have had minimal flare-ups with this grill , it cooks evenly and is fairly easy to clean . I have seen this grill at a cheaper price offline , but in researching prices online , Amazon beat other stores hands down . I would recommend this grill to anyone buying a gas grill for the first time .
 We have had this about two months now and are pretty satisfied with it as opposed to the Weber grill cover we were contemplating buying . It was vinyl , this is double stitched cloth/canvas with a vinyl lining . Looks real sharp . Our only complaint is that we were advised by Two Dogs -LRB- reminds me of an old joke ... -RRB- to get the 53 '' long model for our Weber Spirit but it is several inches too long and drags on the ground . Eventually , it got caught in the cart 's wheels and was accidentally torn by a laborer who moved it to work on our patio . We replaced it with a 53 '' regular and the fit was perfect -LRB- 5-6 '' off the ground -RRB- although the price was around $ 20 more , for whatever reason . Oh , the color choices are a bonus !
 I bought this grill cover for the new grill I bought from Lowe 's . After checking the measurements on the new propane grill it was time to shop online for a durable grill cover since Home Depot and Lowe 's had cheap material covers at the stores for a hefty price.This cover was easy to go over the grill and with wth front and rear velcro straps it fit tight around the grill bottom for those high wind days of Winter in Northeast N.Y.
 December 28 , 2010 - It fits perfectly . My grill is exactly 53 inches -LRB- measured at side burner/wing -RRB- , by 26 -LRB- at fattest depth -RRB- , by 45 inches tall . It is a $ 200 Kenmore 4-burner gas grill with additional side burner on left , and shelf on right -LRB- Sears Item # 07116128000 | Model # 464220110 -RRB- . October 5 , 2012 - I still like the cover , but it is no longer `` chocolate '' especially on top . Most of the fading was in the first season . I like the color better than black either way , but next time , I 'll get something lighter to start with , then at least it would look more uniform when it fades . Still in great shape , it is durable canvas , and I expect a few more seasons out of it .
 I bought this on sale thru Amazon for $ 23.00 . This cover appears to be made of extremely high qulity materials and is very roomy . The velcro tabs at the bottom on the sides is very useul to cinch the cover tighter against the grill for added protection . I have received a huge number of comments on the cover - some good and others not so much - but I LOVE that the cover has a presence and is not the typical boring black or beige so no matter what people say , I could n't be happier !!
 it arrived on time and fit perfectly . it is wonderful for the flamingo lover !
 I bought this cover to fit my slightly odd-sized barbeque grill , and it fits perfectly and is made of very heavy vinyl . There are also convenient velcro straps near the bottom of the cover that ensures an even better custom fit . The color is nice and blends in to my dark red brick house .
 This is my second item from this vendor ; first lasted 5 yrs outdoors in a corrosive seacoast environment . This one looks even better made and slightly roomier than the first . Smart looking , tough , sized as advertised and very fair price . I would recommend to anyone .
 I have tried a few grill covers and this one stands out as the best so far . It does a great job with a nice colored layer on the outside and a rubber waterproof layer inside .
 Finally , I found an attractive BBQ Cover at a good price . It 's such a nice change from the usual dull black that is so commonly sold . This Two Dogs cover is a nice rich brown that , after over two months in the Southern California sun , has not faded at all.Well made with Velcro tabs on the bottom to keep the wind from blowing it off .
 Good quality grill cover-definitely made of a sturdy material , love the fact that it covers the grill completely . However , I 've had the cover for approximately 8-9 months now , and it 's starting to fade a bit ; considering the description says it has an `` exclusive color infusion process that prevents fading '' , I was somewhat surprised . Nonetheless , I 'm not too concern , my goal was to protect the grill from rain , dust , etc. , and it 's doing its job.Two Dogs Designs 72-Inch Extra-Long Grill Cover , Chocolate Brown
 I bought a HUGE BBQ & needed a ` huge ' cover . This one is it ! Great design to fit perfectly so easy to get on & off . -LRB- Before I would let my poor ` ol BBQ just sit in the weather cuz it was such a hassle to put the cover on . -RRB- Very heavy canvas material , & so far no issues with color fading like I read in other reviews . I love it & recommend it highly !!
 Perfect for our grill ! Slips on and off with great ease and secures nicely with velco straps . Looks good too !
 Very happy with this purchase . The cover is very well made of strong canvas . The fit is perfect and , best of all ... It 's not just the typical ugly black !
 I think it 's made of a good material and does the job very well . It 's a good buy for the price .
 This is the best grill cover I have seen . It is heavy duty and has a fabric look . Very impressed by how easy it is to put on . We have had it a few months and if it is as tough as it seems to be I certainly would buy it again . Little pricey but worth it .
 Beautiful , adds really great color to the deck . We wanted waterproof , not flimsy black plastic , and this cover is not only waterproof , but really great looking , and fits great .
 As I could n't find a good quality grill cover at the local stores I began searching the internet -- and how cool is this sunflower grill cover ??? It is great quality and great looking on the patio -- I ca n't wait to see what else this company offers -- love it !!!!!!!!!!!!
 We had such a hard time finding a cover for our large grill . This cover not only fit , it is also very nicely made . Even better than the original cover that came with the grill !
 I loved the cover . Looks great and is made very durable . This was the only one I could find in the size I needed and the only place I could find it .
 This is a great grill cover . It 's a great fit for an over sized BBQ . It 's really well made and looks good on the patio .
 Got this in the usual 2 days via my Amazon Prime account . I had been searching for a sturdy well-made grill cover for my 48 '' permanent post-mount gas grill . This fit the bill extremely well . It is made of a very heavy lined material . There are long and wide Velcro straps that allow me to wrap around the post . The only thing for me is to see how fade resistant it is going to be .
 The quality of the fabric is as described , and the print is pretty.The only problem is that they used single stitching , so quite a bit of water will get through . Since I sew , I 'm going to add another row of stitching to make the seams more waterproof . My old grill cover used two rows of stiching , and that seemed to keep the grill dry.Overall , it was more important to me to have a pretty cover , instead of a big black eye sore on my deck , so the extra work is worth it .
 Great grill cover - it was even better than I thought it would be ... roomy , bright , sturdy , fun !
 Super fast delivery ! Item exactly as described ! If you love chili peppers this item is a must ! Thanks !
 It really works !!!! That 's what I wanted and that 's what I got . Birds love it and the squirrels do n't even try to get into it any more . Simple solution that DOES work .
 In my many years of gardening experience , Gilmour products usually are of very good quality , and I will almost always pick a Gilmour product over another brand . But , they do produce a defective product at times . This year , two hose nozzles -LRB- out of several -RRB- became defective , and a simple email got me replacements within days -LRB- NO HASSLE !! -RRB- . I think if a hose became defective -LRB- lifetime warranty -RRB- , you may have to send the brass couplings to them to get a replacement . So for , I 've never had a defective Gilmour hose , and they provide many years of service.We bought five of these short -LRB- 25 feet -RRB- hoses for some light duty . They are 4-ply , but you should get 6-ply for heavy duty use .
 I read the reviews before I bought it , several said it was small but it is a garden flag , they are small . It was shipped very quickly , love that ! The only thing that I did n't like was that it was n't printed on both sides . I also knew that from the reviews . It was a very resonable price , so I feel that I got what I paid for . I was n't surprised by anything when I got it , I was happy with the product for the price .
 My only gripe is that I was under the impression it included the metal stake for displaying the flag.My own fault though .
 Very colorful , large and easy to read!Bought as a gift and he loved it!Am buying another for us!It is true to the ad description !
 We are really enjoying are outdoor thermometer . It is accurate and easy to read .
 Everyone who sees this comments on it and how beautiful and easy to read it is . That is why I purchased it . I love birds and need the larger numbers at my age lol .
 I bought this for an elderly person and they were pleased that they could easily read it . The colors are nice and bright too .
 Very happy with the look and accuracy of this item . It was a gift for some winter friends and they display it prominently outside their home .
 You can not beat this for outside temperature . it is all that is advertised . a very affordable product . works great
 I got this thermometer for my deck . It was the perfect size . The only problem , if you can call it that , is that there is no back to it , so there 's no protection for the thermostat mechanism . Otherwise , very good thermometer .
 We had an old Patio Termometer , it was all faded and a smaller version then this one . I love the size of this one and the big black numbers on the white . Easy to read . I got it for my husband who is very ill and he can see it really good . Thank You for a wonderful product.Margaret Barningham
 The Thermometer itself seems to be a good product , but there was no protective packaging in the box ; therefore the thermometer arrived with a broken piece -LRB- which fortunately my husband was able to superglue back on -RRB- .
 My aging mother wanted an outdoor Thermometer with BIG numbers and was easy to read from her kitchen window . This was simple in design , had the large bold profile that she wanted . Easy to install . Simplicity is sometimes better than the high tech LED readouts which when too cold stop giving you a read out . SHE LOVES IT !
 I like this thermometer very much . I put it out on our patio yet it is big enough that I can read it from inside . Delivery was very fast .
 Just what I was looking for to hang outside my window ... big and bold and visible and not expensive at all . And as a bonus you can see it from other parts of the house as well . The only reason I rated it 4 stars and not five was the thermometer has yet to go through a winter . We have a massive windstorm hitting tonight , and we 'll see whether it stays up or not . At least it has two anchor points .
 It 's easy to mount outside . It 's easy to read from inside the house . It 's accurate , based on local temperature information . What else could you want in an inexpensive outdoor thermometer ?
 This is exactly what we were looking for to put onto our deck and it is very easy to read as well .
 The nice bold numbers makes this thermometer easy to read - even from inside the house . The temperature does seem pretty subject to where you hang it so make sure you do n't put it in the direct sunlight .
 Bought this outdoor thermometer almost two years ago and put it outside . It still works fine and has even survived being blown down a couple times .
 When included with other items to receive free shipping , you ca n't beat the price . Like any other thermometer , just keep it out of direct sunlight , and it is very accurate and easy to read .
 We are very happy with this purchase . The numbers are big enough to read from a distance , and because the thermometer is secured at both the top and bottom , it wo n't blow down in the wind -LRB- and we 've had some pretty strong wind -RRB- . It even comes with a screw guide so you know can install it easily .
 Mounted on a shed in the yard . Large , easy to read numbers can be viewed from a window inside the house . Accurate . Rugged enough for outside use . Gives me a little more information to prepare for the day . It serves the purpose I got it for , and does the job well . Not a complicated thing - I 'm happy .
 This is a very nice thermometer and works well on my shed . It is the same as my old one and they do a very good job for me .
 Hangs easily , easy to read , seems accurate . What more could you ask for in a wall thermometer . I 'm very pleased
 When Sandy blew away my old outdoor thermometer , I started looking for another . This fills the bill , is pretty accurate and the price is right in case of another storm .
 This is what I expected , I have used these thermometers before and it is just as the others in the past . However you do have to be careful where these are placed due to the strength of the plastic . They can crack easily . We keep it in an area where it wo n't be hit with too many storms.Thank you ...
 Easy to read C and F grade . Visible large numbers from inside the house in to the back patio . Defiantly recommended to others ,
 Large numbers that are easy to read . Seems durable enough to hold up the weather . I would recomend this .
 This is the best outdoor , patio thermometer I have ever purchased . The face is large and the numbers big enough to be seen at a distance .
 This was just what we wanted , to be able to see from indoors . After more than a year , it still works , which is great considering the price . Recommended for what it is -- simple , straightforward , not fancy in any way .
 very easy to see from with my house , 20 feet away . it has been outdoors for moths and still looks brand new .
 accurate and easy to read even from a distance This was bought for someone else , and she loves it . It is easy to read from the inside of the house
 pleased with the size of the numbers ... easy to read and the accuracy of the temp is reasonabley close to weather reports .
 This is a BIG thermometer ! We hung ours on a tree in the back yard that can be easily seen from our dining room but where it is not affected by heat from the house or direct sunlight . We have n't had it long so ca n't testify to its durability , but we really enjoy the features we have been able to observe
 I was looking for a large ease to read outdoor thermometer . This fit the requirement perfectly and at a very attractive price . Large numbers , large diameter .
 We are very happy with our new patio thermometer ... . We hung it on the top outdoor deck and it is extremely easy to read from inside the house . We live in the mountains so it is very nice to be able to know exactly what the temp is outside and it looks very nice on the deck .
 This unit was received on time and undamaged.This unit is an exact replacement for one we have had hanging on a tree for about 3 years . It is hanging about 50 - 60 ft away and is really easy to read from that distance.For the price it is not a problem to replace it every 3 years . -LRB- The old one became inaccurate by about 7 degrees and hard to read -RRB- . Remember ; this has been exposed to the elements 24/7 for 3 years.None of the other units offered on Amazon seemed to be so easy to read.If your top priority is an easy reader this can not be beat . If you are looking for somthing to mount nearby -LRB- like on your porch , patio , or in your garage etc. -RRB- you might want something more fancy . This one is great for us .
 Bought one of this and put it at backyard . Mostly the temperature is accurate . But when it 's hot and directly under sunshine , there may be around 3 , 4 deg extra . It 's a metal spring inside , not a digital thermal sensor cutting edge technology so we do n't expect too much . It 's big , clear , and inexpensive . Would recommend to be a good decoration for backyard .
 This is a very large and easy to read , outside Thermometer . It also comes with easy instructions and it was installed and working within minutes of delivery.The delivery time was within a few days and the over all service from Amazon has been exceptional .
 This is a good thermometer for the price . I am extremely pleased . I would recommend it to anyone who needs to read a thermometer from a distance
 I like this easy to read thermometer . Good value for the price paid . Others i have tried did not hold up in the wind , time will tell if this one does , the mounting brackets looks to be strong .
 I ordered this to hang outside and be visible from the kitchen window and it 's perfect for that . The big face makes it totally legible from afar , even the temperatures in celsius , so that 's a plus . It 's a no-frills model , but that 's perfect for what I was wanting . There is no back plate/cover on the thermometer so I am hoping that it weathers well , but that remains to be seen !
 Good Thermometer.Nice An Big.Accurite I Think.I like to see the Temperture of My room , that I 'm currently in .
 Bought this thermometer over a month ago as I really wanted to know the outside temperature in the lanai . It 's been a pretty cold winter here in Florida this year . I was very impressed with the large numbers and it 's ease for hanging on a wall . The Cook Rite Model 90007 is not expensive but it is housed in a plastic case . With that said , I believe it 's pretty accurate and a good buy for the money .
 I love this thermometer . Its numbers make it possible to read the face from 20 feet away . It tells the temperature in both fahrenheit and centigrade , a real plus when trying to tell the temperature to someone in another country .
 I have been purchasing the Velco wristband watches for years at the military exchanges . they are harder to find so I went to Amazon.Com -- BINGO they had a nice choice and the one I bought is my best looking one yet .
 The thermometer is exactly what I wanted , large , clear lettering . It arrived timely , well packaged.Thank you .
 Hey , this thing is great ! It looks pretty cheapo , like it would n't be accurate , or break easily , but it works well ! The temp it reflects matches the outdoor reading reading on our indoor/outdoor thermometer . buy it , it works . .
 Received on schedule . Works perfectly.This is large enough so I can look out my patio door and read the temperature 15 feet away.Recommended .
 I had a Springfield thermometer for 10 yrs before the painters broke it . I ordered another Springfield thermometer and though not quite the same quality as the one from 10 yrs ago , I would only buy another Springfield thermometer . I tried the ones at my local hardware store and they do n't stand up to the Springfield quality . A great product for the price .
 I received the product very quickly and it was exactly like the description . I am very pleased with it ! It was too late to find them in stores because they are sold seasonally , so I went to Amazon to find it !
 We have to read this thermometer from acorss a wide driveway , and it 's the only one I could find with big enough numbers . The last one -LRB- same style & brand -RRB- held up for 8 years . That 's why I bought another one . The last one had a cover over the thermo-coil , but this one does n't . I hope it does n't get rusty of cloged with bug nests .
 This was exactly what I was looking for - large numerals , easy to read from our sliding doors out to the patio . Could not find anything comparable locally . Very fast , reasonable shipping , too .
 I have had Springfield therometers before . My last one was damaged in a severe storm . When I purchasedthis on I was so pleased to be able to see the temperature from my kitchen window again - unfortunately - ithas been a hot summer and while I would like it to be in the 80 's or 90 's it still shows in the hundreds.I guess I can see the temperature - just wished i could change it ...
 This thermometer was shipped from Amazon well . The thermometer is light and the construction is simple and accurate and the numbers are easy to read from a long distance .
 This thermometer is easy to read-nicely made -- everything you would want in a large thermometer ! It is out in the barn and we love it !
 This item has been extremely useful in my current geographical location . I supervise many individuals who have to weather the elements outdoors and this product assist me in know weather it is too hot for them to be out in the heat and for how long
 Great value ... . inexpensive but sturdy ... and both gauges wprk just as they should . Now i know exactly howmuch water the lWn is getting from heaven ANDmy sprinklwr . Lol ... Fast shipping too
 I was browsing in Amazon and saw the perfect mateto the simple rain gauge that I received two or three Christmases ago and which I use after every rain . I got it for my son , who recently moved to a new home on the theory that he will enjoy it as much as I enjoy mine .
 This is my second purchase of this rain gauge . I found it quite legible from a reasonable distance , it holds an adequate amount of water for the heaviest rain and easily mounts to a vertical surface . However , the plastic body is subject to becoming brittle upon continual exposure to sunlight . The mounting lip and a portion of the body eventually fell off and I was unable to mount it . However , it lasted over ten years and that 's long enough ! -LRB- Even broken , the intact part was still readable ! -RRB-
 The guage is hanging on my fence , easy off to empty and back on to keep tract of the rain .
 These rain gauges are just what we were looking for . They are detachable , so you can use them in a variety of places around your yard or garden . They are very useful to find out how much your sprinkler system is actually watering at numerous locations .
 This rain gauge works well and affordably priced.My only problem is children in neighborhood have tendancy to break them , so back to Amazon I 'll go for the replacements : -RRB-
 There is n't much to this but it works well . The Sprinkler gauge is surprisingly very useful as it helps calibrate irrigation systems .
 I used this successfully this past watering season to gauge an in ground sprinkler system . Works for rain and sprinklers . Ca n't beat the price .
 I purchased this because of the small sprinkler rain gage and it works fine . The bigger rain gage will fit into the sprinkler rain gage so you can just stick it in the ground without finding a place to hang it . I do not use either a permanent rain gage . I put them out just when rain is expected then I can judge how much I need to run the sprinklers .
 Very pleased with this gauge . Inexpensive , easy to use - numbers and markings large , clear , easy to read . Not flimsy - thick , hopefully durable plastic . Would make unusual , inexpensive small gift item for those with a meteorological bent .
 Please ignore the other reviews about the product being defective . These people did not bother to put the entire product together . I read their reviews and had concerns when I inspected the product at a large retailer ; however , the lid is SUPPOSED to go through the body for shipping purposes . The lid ultimately sits on top of the edge of the grilling surface , which is in turn supported by three internal supports . My last smoker was built the same way ... The body becomes fortified when all the supports are connected , etc. . Besides all that , I mainly use it as a grilling/short-term smoker as opposed to a long-term smoker . I 'm sure it would do a decent job of some smoking jobs but one would definitely have to baby it - waddyaexpect for this little bit of money ?
 You will love the way food can taste when cooked on this adorable -LRB- yet quite sizable -RRB- red smoker . Remember to make your pitcher of margaritas early because it can take a while before the charcoal heats up enough to slow cook the food . Hence it is best for an all day/night event , not a quick meal . Do n't be afraid to get creative with the food you smoke -LRB- fruit and veg are just as good as seafood and meats ! -RRB- It 's fairly easy to clean as well . Enjoy .
 I 've used this smoker for over 8 months now and love it . I 've used other more expensive smokers before and can not tell much of a difference in quality of end result foods . This smoker does in fact have a few flaws that are suggested in previous reviews , however there is nothing keeping you in the way of assembling and making a wonderful unit . I add a few coals every 45 minutes to an hour just to keep the fire going strong . You wo n't be dissapointed . This smoker cleans up very easily too as long as you use tin foil to cover the coal pan -LRB- bottom pan -RRB- .
 First of all , follow directions for lighting a fire in this and the first time , DO NOT cook in it , just let the fire burn to season the cooker . We noticed a little `` new '' taste first time . Another hint is , if you are going to use water , fill the pan at the same time you start your fire and all will be ready at the same time . You have to `` practice '' fire tending but it 's well worth it . We smoked rainbow trout and it was delicious . I just bought a second one for my son-in-law 's b ` day and we are having a `` great ribs smokeoff '' soon . Should be fun ! Get one , you wo n't regret it .
 This is my first smoker . I purchased before reading the reviews . I thought I was going to have problems . I assembled it according to directions and started using it . I have had it for 2 months and have used it at least twice a week . It works great . The only thing is if you are doing something large that takes awhile you will have to keep an eye on the charcoal . I did not have to drill any holes or modify it in any way . I expect to have this smoker for a long time.The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is it could have been packed better .
 I just started smoking meat after working on a show called BBQ with Bobby Flay and it is terrific . When I first started I had a hard time keeping the temperature up . I would have to cook longer because the coals do n't get enough oxygen . So I started some modifications myself . I 'm glad I read your reviews to help me with other modifications . This works great for the price and very easy to use .
 I am very pleased with the charcoal water smoker . It is strudy and I received the results that I expected when I used it .
 The item arrived damaged . Where the damaged occured is anyone 's guess . I called Char-Broil and they sent a replacement part in about a week , completely free of charge.All in all a good product with great customer service -LRB- Char-Broil , not Amazon -RRB-
 I bought this for my husband for his birthday . This is the first smoker we 've owned . It 's easy to use and the food tastes great ! I bought a recipe book and my husband has been making a lot more dinners now ! ; -RRB-
 I was really impressed on how fast the order was received . The smoker was in excellent condition . The only negative thing I experienced was that this was a 2002 model and on the Char-Broil website , I could no longer select information for the model . But I 'm happy with the unit and have been enjoying the smoked meats .
 I left a review after we tested it once . Well , we have used it a lot and we just think it 's one heck of a smoker and one heck of a buy . We have smoked fish after catching them ourselves . WOW what a treat . We now have fresh salmon and tuna to smoke . My son wants to do a turkey soon . Do n't pass this one up . You can learn how to do it after the first try . It 's worth it . By the way , the CABERNET WOODS CHIPS made that fish just perfect .
 After gaining an appreciation for smoked meats at a local fair , I talked the wife into letting me try it at home , and went looking for a smoker to compliment my gas grill . I chose the Char-broil H2O smoker for the price and ease of storage . The first time using it , I had the fore sight to read these reviews to see where others had problems . I chose to use lump charcoal , and hickory wood . I could only get the unit to heat up to 190 degrees , but it stayed steady . A buddy is a Black Smith , I remember him using a bellows to stoke his coal fire . Using the wifes hair dryer the coals glowed cherry red and the temps got up in the mid 200 's . To replenish the water , a long funnel from the auto parts store was purchased . This worked out great , and did n't cause any water to spill onto the fire pan . My first try I was able to make some tasty ribs in 5 hours time . Low and slow is the smokers way.A couple of weeks ago , I ordered an electric element for the cooker from Cabela 's website . It fit perfect , and allowed me to slow cook the brisket at about 210 degrees . The size of this units grates can accommodate about a 10 # brisket . The air temperature that day was in the low 20 's . I did n't think I would like the electric aspect , but I 'm sold on it now . Using soaked cherry wood chip to flavor the meat replaced the charcoal completely which allowed me to set it up and let it go for 11 hours . Checking and refilling the water pan half way through.The smoker worked wonderful , and exactly as it was design too . Since buying this unit I 've looked at the Brinkmann , Weber 's and others of similar design . The Char-Broil 's access door handle is larger and easier to open with cooking gloves on . It also has a top mounted temp gage , where Brinkmann is on the side of the lid . The bright red color is pleasing to the eye , and keeps the kids at a distance . Using the second great for smoking is ok , but most of the heat will be in the dome , so know your cooking times . Smoking makes a mess , be sure to put down cardboard or a disposable tarp under the cooker , you 'll see what I mean after your first brisket.Find a Rub that suites your taste , give yourself plenty of time to do it right , then sit back and watch the neighbors flock when they smell the morsels you 'll be creating inside this little cooker . Get to know its limitations and you will not be disappointed . The only regret I have is it 's not larger . A small family will find it perfect ! I love this little smoker !
 This is a great smoker . However , you need two 8 ' x 8 ' burlap squares to place over smoker to retain and regulate heat . You also need a magnetic surface thermometer to place on top of lid . Keep surface thermometer at 170 - 200 F. Poultry will take 35 minutes / pound and will be done perfectly .
 The copper pan actually weighs 10.5 lbs and seems heavy-duty enough , but I do n't plan to throw it around . Legs weigh 5 # , grate weighs 19 # , and the large size dome spark screen -LRB- separate purchase -RRB- weighs 14 # . Other measurements
 I was put off by the thin , tinny bowls of similar model fire pits I kept seeing at the various local home stores . I was hesitant to buy one online without seeing and feeling the product first . The gauge I used was the shipping weight when I finally ordered this model . UPS had the weight at 60 lbs and it feels every bit of it when you try to lift it.Most impressive is the copper bowl itself . The pounded copper is nice and thick and absolutely beautiful besides . I 'm confident we 'll get many fun years out of this pit . We ordered the dome screen as well and I 'm glad we did . When you want to enjoy the bigger fires , you do n't want burning embers flying all over the place . You have to sit pretty close to it to feel the heat . Get the screen to protect yourself and your property -LRB- it opens up easily for roasting marshmallows -RRB- . Just to give a sense of size and utility
 I have had a Char Broil Electic Grill for almost two yearsnow . I recieve consistant results in summer and winter where thetempature differences have other grills difficult to use . I particully enjoy it when I use it to grill fish . Unlike gas grills the airflow inside an electric grill is almost non-existant . This translates to cooked but moist meats . This grill is easy to clean , and I do n't have to remember to trun off the propane at the tank . refilled . The grill is easy to movearound the outside of my house depending on where I want to either just cook for the family , or to the backyard to entertain guests . I have used wood to add smoke flavor even though Char Broil recommends aganist it . I just place the wood chips on a small piece of metal on the heating element and everything is fine . The grill works a lot better if you clean it when it gets blackened inside , and the fact that I add wood chips does accelerate this process . It is not a difficilt task to clean the grill.This grill is great when you are in a hurry too , electricy is fast . The best outdoor cooking product I have ever owned .
 After reading the reviews for this grill I found it hard to believe it could be that good . Now that I have one I understand . The instructions were very clear and it was easy to assemble . Getting plugged up and running was also simple . The grill got very hot , hot enough to sear meat so it came out tender and juicy . It worked the same with chicken , beef or pork . The work space is large and makes preparation a lot easier . Clean-up is also a breeze as you can either remove the grill and clean it in the sink or brush it right in place.If I have one problem it is cooking something that requires a lot of opening and closing of the cover , like vegetables . The grill loses heat rather fast and does not re-heat as quickly as gas.Overall I am extremely glad to have found a great grill for use in a city environment .
 This grill is great ! There 's almost no smoke , no worry about running out of gas , ect . It 's fast and the BBQ flavor is great . I did n't know that an electric grill could produce the same flavor , but this one does . There are ceramic flavor briquets under the heating element . It 's nice to be able to barbecue all the time during any season . It 's definately my favorite way it eat meat .
 I ca n't imagine anyone buying a propane or charcoal grill after they tried our new electric grill . We never have to worry about running out of propane or charcoal ; only a power outage could stop us from grilling . This is a large grill , with lots of cooking space and plenty of room for your cooking accessories . This grill is wonderful and we could n't be happier with this purchase !!
 I purchased this grill 4 years ago and have been totally satisfied with its quality and performance . It is easy to use and cleans up in a snap . I would purchase again without hesitation .
 I fell for the too-good-to-be-true `` review '' offering the `` free '' Char Broil grill on awesomestuffree/amazon . After clicking so-called free ads for 20 minutes I was brought to a page requiring me to sign up for 2 of 3 offers . Two of those were for auto loans , and to `` qualify '' I had to apply , get approved and be funded for the loan . Save your time and effort . The grill sounds great , but the fake review is inappropriate and should be removed .
 I have owned my Bistro for 5 years now . Overall it has been a good grill . It is easy to regulate the tempature and cook foods slow . If you want to maintain high heat you need to keep the lid closed as the grill takes a while to heat up . It takes about 25 minutes to reach searing tempature on a cold day.I have been through 3 tempature regulators in the 5 years I have owned the grill . This is the only reason I do not give it a 5 out of 5 .
 Hi , I received this grill as a gift and it has been a blessing . It frees me from the hassle of using charcoal or propane . I simply plug it in and it is ready to use within 10 minutes.Not to stereotype women , but I am a woman who does not like the headache of preparing to BBQ - it simply is n't worth the trouble . This grill frees me from that hassle . Its design allows for fast , efficient cooking . I use it several times a week because it allows me to quickly prepare healthy food without the hassle of having to light the fire , etc.The cooking grate fits in the top rack of the dishwasher for easy cleanup . It also comes with a built-in cutting board and insulated compartment for storing soft drinks of extra meat .
 Grill works good , although I have had limited experience to date with a used one left behind on a boat dock . Started to do a bang up job and clean it up , thought the aluminum inserts were an inexpensive replacement , so I trashed them.BIG MISTAKE - Do not throw them away . Use oven cleaner to clean them out . Replacements are $ 66.00 each - top and bottom $ 132 total . Half the price of a new grill.Oven cleaner would have worked wonderful had I had them back to clean . So just beware of this.Chuck
 I love it that we just plug in and grill - no charcoal or propane to buy . Also , we use it year-round - and we live in Iowa . Even though we paid quite a bit more than the current list price , we are still very satisfied with our purchase.We really like everything about our grill !!!
 My husband and I were very leary about purchasing an electric grill , but due to the ordances and insurance policy at our condominium we could not have a gas grill . After lots of research we decided on this grill and are extremely statisfied . We use it all of the time . I would highly recommend if you are in the market .
 Easy setup , nice size , great grilling , what else can you ask for ...
 I have owned 3 previous electric grills . This is by far the best I have used . It 's control for the heat is good and also has a temperature gage that is helpful to keep from over cooking your meat . Glad to have found this grill !
 We have had the grill since the spring of 2000 -LRB- almost 8 years -RRB- . This grill is used 4-5 times a week -- 52 weeks a year . That 's over 1,500 uses for one grill and it should make it to 2,000 . Because it is electric it sits on our screened back porch -- out of the elements . We have had to replace the controls one time and now are relacing the elements . We are looking for another one to have when this one finally plays out . All we do is pre-heat for 15 min . and then cook meat -LRB- steak , pork , chicken , vegatables -RRB- on the highest heat -LRB- not what the book says -RRB- with the cover closed . We know the exact time it takes to cook every item by now , so we just set a timer to tell us when to turn the food and/or when it 's done . Could n't be easier . The meats are always juicy and flavorful . You never have the `` gas '' taste that you sometimes get with charcoal or gas grills . The juice hitting the brickets and turning into steam gives the food the grilled flavor -- just as with gas and charcoal grills.One note -- you need to clean the grill frequently , as you would any grill . We use a large pan to catch the drippings that never seem to drip into the can . We put newspapers in a pan and then throw the papers away without having to scrub the pan .
 I have owned this grill for over 5 years . It is unquestionably the best grill I have owned . No gas or charcoal to mess with . We live in Iowa and I use it all 12 months . Just plug it in , cook , and unplug when you 're done . I always unplug it when I 'm done , as I have it a lake house and am not there all the time . Highly recommednded . AAA + + + + + + +
 Is this grill suppose to have a cover . If not I would like to order a cover . Please advise
 I have this grill in my rec room fireplace . I adapted it to work on natural gas . The grill broils everything evenly with no hot or cold spots on a very low setting .
 The grill is a handy device for outside grilling of smaller portions of meat , chicken , etc. . It is easy to use and can be quickly ready to use .
 I have used this grill on and off and it serves its purpose well for $ 30 . I decided to installed a temperature gauge -LRB- $ 9 -RRB- and an adjustable length cast iron grid -LRB- I think it was $ 18 -RRB- from home depot and although the grid is a bit narrower than the oem , it retains the heat much better and breaks apart into three pieces which makes it a breeze to soak/clean in the kitchen sink . My temperature gauge shows that with the lid on it easily gets above 400F . I have not experienced any broken handles on it so far and plan to use this until it falls apart ... btw I also own a Patio Caddie , and also plan to get a Weber go anywhere charcoal grill since the temp gauge and my cast iron grid would be transferable to it ... I am a paleo eater and a grillaholic : = -RRB-
 I bought this grill to tide me over until the big fancy expensive grill I wanted came in stock again -LRB- had to wait all fall and winter -RRB- . I do a lot of grilling because it makes the food taste so much better . I finally bought the big fancy grill and I have to say , the food tastes better coming from this little thing . I think it 's because of the small space in which the food and smoke intermingle , more concentrated smoke . I do n't know if that 's healthy , but it sure does make a killer burger or steak ! I always prefer and use this grill over the big one when it 's just our family for dinner . I now need to buy another one because the burner shield is about to fall apart . The handles broke off a long time ago . My husband made a new better handle for it that is very sturdy . I would have rated it a five star if the handles had not broken as easily as they did . Love the food off this grill !
 I purchased this little BBQ grill , thinking it was going to be somewhat lacking compared to my big unit , but I have to tell you , that it was easy to put together and cooked a full size steak perfectly . Perfect for apartments or outdoor trips .
 the best bbq for the buck , I have already purchased 2 other units for my friends x-mas gifts . hot and fast or mild and slow , got rid of my big grille , this works much better for a smaller amount , good for one to four servings , also very compact for camping etc. . I love it !
 it 's a great little grill if you know how cook on a grill what do you expect for 30 dollars i have enjoyed the grill
 This grill is the perfect size and works great !!!! It is easy to store and to use . I would highly recommend this grill .
 We wanted a grill to use at a condo we rent in Florida . This is a perfect patio grill . Just place it on a table and you can easily cook up to 6 burgers or 4 steaks . When we leave it goes home in the car with us . Easy to pack .
 This is a good little propane bbq for camping or RVing . It does n't take up much space , and is inexpensive .
 Great grill for the price . Doesnt use that much propane and each mini tank lasts 3-4 cooking sessions with me . I would advise buying the adaptor and getting a regular propane tank . Yes the wind can be an issue and I live in Oklahoma so all I did was build a wind barrier and the problem was solved . Only drawback I really have is the lid handles and grill handles absolutely suck !!! So I went to Lowes bought some new longer and better bolts and replaced them -LRB- $ 3 -RRB- . Great buy !
 My mother and father had one of these for over 20 years until it finally quit working and had to replace it . Well worth buying .
 The best portable grill I have ever purchased . Easy to put together , perfect size , very durable , works great , and cooks evenly ! Highly recommend ; will never buy a generic tabletop grill again !!!
 I ordered this little grill for a camping trip we have coming up , but when it arrived , I realized it was the perfect size to also use on the back porch for grilling a quick lunch or dinner , instead of hauling out the huge grill , which can be a pain sometimes.I anticipate getting A LOT of use out of this little grill .
 Better for hot dogs and burgers than steak , but it is the perfect size for camping or a very small apartment balcony .
 Had this for about 9 months now . Bought it for camping mostly . After my full sized grill quit working I started using this more often . Have n't had any problems with it . I 've cooked steaks , pork chops , burgers , hot dogs etc. . Thinking about buying another one to have for a spare .
 I have owned this grill for about 7 years now . We keep it in our RV . We have used it many times for many meals . It does cook 2 nice size porterhouse steaks . It 's great for burgers , we can fit about 5-6 burgers on it . We have done chicken legs & thighs , but it does take a long time . Best to cook the chicken in the oven then put it on the grill for flavor.As said by others , it does go out in the wind , but if you can put something up to block the wind it stays lit a little better . It 's getting a little worn , but after 7 years I think I got my moneys worth . I 'm going to keep it and use it for a portable fire pit . We like to burn wax logs . I will be ordering another one of these handy little bar-b-ques .
 bought one of these 1990 and used it for 12 years . did not have to replace anything in all that time . we moved and somehow we lost it in the move . purchased a new one last week and was shocked that my $ 14.00 item was now $ 30.00 . progress I guess .
 It had been years since I cooked with a little propane grill . I was getting sick of the charcoal prep so I reasearched this one , which was closest to the one that I had before . It cam ein dented and needed a little tlc , but the overall performance does what it should , even though the dial does not seem to have much difference in the flame strength . I gave four out of five due to the shipping ding , the dial indcator not having much difference , and the idea that it is a pain in the butt to disconnect the tank every time I want to move it .
 This is perfect if you want a low cost table top camping grill . It cooks evenly and surprisingly well on a 1 pound cylinder .
 I 've had this BBQ for over 3 years and use it almost every week to drag it to beaches , camping etc. . It 's very portable and gets the job done . I 've cooked chicken , pork , hotlinks , corn and just about anything you can think of on it just fine.It does go out on occasion when it 's very windy , but you just light it back up . There 's one trick that I find helps a lot , I wrap the grille in special BBQ aluminum foil -LRB- that has holes in it -RRB- . It seems to make the grill more efficient -- and also , I 've never cleaned it since I just put new aluminum foil every time I use it.I love this grill and have recommended it to many friends -- it 's cheap and has a perfect form factor . You can even put your gas tank , tongs , lighter and other accessories into the grill while you 're carrying it to the beach -- awesome !
 Alright . This grill gets 4 stars . Easy.Everyone is all bent out of shape for it seems the same issues :1 -RRB- they broke the screws or handles or something when they put it together .2 -RRB- they cant get it hot enough , or the grill rack itself does n't get hot enough to sear something .3 -RRB- the flame goes out when it 's windy.Well here 's what I have to say , and I 've been a chef for 30 years . Take it for what it 's worth : If you spend $ 30 and are expecting a mind blowing , life changing , best product on the market grill , you 're an idiot.This grill heats up fine and very fast . It gets hot to do all sorts of things - I 've even done 10lb pork shoulders , whole chickens , and giant roasts that I 've shredded for tacos and enchiladas . Sure it takes 2 propane containers but chilling on the beach while things cook away is money in my mind . Check it every 45 minutes.The grill rack itself is flimsy - not thick iron like a professional piece of equipment , so you need to learn how to get it to its hottest point and then sear things quickly and simply . The point is that it wo n't retain heat once you put something on it , so common sense says raise the temp of the food item you 're going to put on it so the change in temp of the grill rack is minimized and the sear is stronger . Do n't put a cold burger patty on it . Pull it out of your cooler early . It 's not rocket science , it 's freaking food people.All in all , this is a fantastic grill for your $ 30 . It actually has higher btu output than the Weber go anywhere grill for half the price.Learn how to use it -LRB- even putting soaked wood chips in the bottom or lava rocks , pot liquor from your collards to steam , wood chunks , etc. -RRB- and it will be the best grill you 've EVER had . Sure beats plenty of grills I 've tailgated with or friends ' on the beach . I 've had mine for 7 years and the thing is a work of art still.Oh , and if a screw breaks ? Go to the hardwear store and buy a new screw for $ .30 . Stop crying about the grill . It 's not the grill , it 's your lack of common sense .
 We do a lot of `` camping '' at stock car racing events , and for years have used a worn-out cast iron hibachi to grill the burgers and dogs . While burning charcoal on the old hibachi always succeeded in getting us fed , it was long overdue for replacement.We decided to upgrade to a portable gas grill , and this is the model we bought . It has truly been night and day from the hibachi!Just the fact that it has a lid was a huge improvement ! And what a concept to not have to wait for the coals to burn down , only to fight to keep the fire consistent . The grilltop is not only larger than the hibachi 's , but much more stable than the 2 `` paddle '' style tops the hibachi used.Overall , I am very pleased that we replaced the hibachi with this grill - for the price , it ca n't be beat as a portable grill !
 I received this grill in the mail ... promptly . Although it was a little flimsier than I 'd like , it is still a great grill . The ease of setup and the cooking ability that you get are worth WAY more than the price . NO MORE LAVA ROCKS !!! Do yourself a favor ... buy either this one or the Weber portable . But look at it this way , for the price of the Weber , you could buy TWO of these !!!
 I own this grill and it is very portable and veryinexpensive , great for cooking for up to 15 people.Very light , cooks steaks and chicken in no time flat.The legs flip on to secure the lid for easy carrying.A great grill at a fantastic price .
 Just got back from camping - and this little grill really worked well . We were able to cook kabobs , burgers , and with the use of a griddle pan even bacon and hash browns on it . Heating is fairly even , though there do seem to be a couple of hot spots . Nothing that ca n't be worked out my moving things around a bit once you know they 're there . Very portable as well . Lid comes in very handy to speed cooking - and if it 's windy . Hard to beat for the price .
 nice grill for tailgating . heats up quick and cooks well . used for over an hour on one tank . recomend to anyone needing a small portable grill
 Nicely made and performs flawlessly . The price was right and I could n't be happier . I 'd say this is a value in cost and quality .
 This is a $ 30 grill , plain and simple.I used this grill while visiting my mom . I was impressed with it so I bought one for myself . I have a full sized gas grill in my backyard , but I thought this would be perfect for the winter.So far I have used it three times on my balcony in temperatures under 50 degrees and windy . Its easy to light if you use one of those long BBQ lighters . I have n't had any problems with the flame going out . I have cooked chicken breasts , burgers , and a 2 lb . pork tenderloin . Turn it on high , put the lid on , and let the grill preheat . Put your food on and cook to your liking . If its windy you 're going to have to leave the lid on while cooking to maintain the proper level of heat . That 's a no-brainer though . Its a small grill so do n't expect it to maintain high heat with the lid off in anything else than ideal weather . It gets the job done.I 've only had mine for 2 months , but my mom has had hers for over 5 years with no problems . For $ 30 you ca n't beat it .
 I bought this grill for my wife and mother in law that are in an apartment . Because the apartment balcony is to small for a normal size grill my wife told me this grill is perfect for two people to cook meals on . There were alot of grills to choose from but because I had a big Charbroil grill at home when we lived in a house . I figured I could n't go wrong . It turns out my way of thinking was right on the money . As for the bottles the gas comes in they can be found at K-Mart in the Camping Section . Do n't pass this grill by because of its relatively cheaper price . You can always pay more money but because it costs more does n't always make it better . Most times you pay more because of the name on the product and not the quality of the product .
 This is # 3 or 4 . I love this little grill that has a lot of punch . I keep leaving them out for the winter in the salt air - not a good combo , but not the grill 's fault . I have given these as gifts . It is lightweight , easy to carry , great for small grilling needs , heats up fast . Please keep making these , as I have tried another brand & was sorely disappointed .
 Just returned from vaction and purchased this grill prior to leaving . Used it the 1st night on the beach and the results were great . Surprised a small grill could put out so much heat . Purchased some very fat angus burgers and they cooked beautifully . Was better than I expected for that size and price . Highly recommend .
 This tabletop grill comes in handy when you do n't need a large surface for alot of food . We have a huge stainless steel grill with the side burner and all the extras and it stays under the grill cover . I do n't want to uncover it and wait for the huge thing to heat up when I only want to grill a couple of burgers . This grill is perfect for that . It heats quickly and cooks very well . There are no briquettes or rocks , instead there is a flame tamer shield over the burner that vaporizes the drips -LRB- which adds flavor -RRB- . The grill part is coated with a nonstick coating which makes cleaning super easy . After use , I remove the flame tamer shield and the grill and wash them both . Then I wipe the bottom of the grill with a paper towel . Currently , we use the green portable bottles which truly makes this a portable grill . I would definitely recommend it and will buy another to replace this one when the time comes . Oh ... the price is crazy cheap too !
 This will be my third table top in over 1o years . Converted to gas jug on first Grill . Cant remember why I had to get second one but I needed a regulator for this one badly used and found almost as cheep to get a new grill as a new regulator .
 I purchased this grill to use on a hunting trip and it worked great . Easy to assemble , compact , and cooked very well . While it 's not top quality -LRB- plastsic handles and fairly flimsy metal -RRB- , for the price , it 's very good and I 'm pleased to recommend it .
 I love this sign ! Got it for my dad for Father 's Day and it looks great in the boat house ! We 've been a MasterCraft family since Rob Shirley started the company many years ago !
 Well made and easy to put together . Perfect for limited space . Provides a surprising amount of cooking heat . A heavier base would earn the grill a five star rating .
 Bought this grill to use on my condo patio . Fit 's perfectly into the corner of the patio and is an awesome grill . I was worried at first if it would generate enough heat to cook things since it only has one small burner in the center of the grill , however this grill heats up to almost 400 degrees easily . Very happy with it .
 This is the perfect grill for the average family of 2-3 people . There would be no problem fitting additional hamburgers on the grill if company should arrive . Compact size saves on propane gas . Easy to assemble .
 This grill took me more than two hours to assemble . The directions were 90 % clear but I learned to read ahead to make sure the next couple of steps fit what I was doing in the current step . I almost put the legs on wrong from the get-go because their locations were n't clear from the first two panels . And I can say I * did * put those spiny washers in the wrong location because the directions were ambiguous on that point . Oh well . I do n't expect it to just fall apart because of that.When I first fired it up , the black paint on the lock nuts on top of the heat plate smoked for about a half hour . You 've been warned . Once that processes finished it was good to go.One real complaint , though
 This grill is a perfect size for a small family . It is easy to use , heats up quickly and the heat is easier to control than other grills used in the past . I have cooked up to 7 chicken breasts w / room to spare on the grid . The grid is heavy , which prevents the meats -LRB- even burgers and hot dogs -RRB- from falling through . I can easily clean the grid in my kitchen sink . The construction of this grill is sturdy and efficient and , if needed , I would purchase this product again .
 We used this grill on vacation when we rented a cabin for 2 weeks with no stove or oven and were thrilled with the ease of use and good size for 2 people.When I ordered it from Amazon it came within a week , but the handle was broken . I called the 1-800 number at Char-Broil and they sent us a new handle immediately , no charge , no questions . We bought the propane tank locally.Good product for the price .
 This is the best grill ever ! We bought one several years ago and have enjoyed using it . The control knob broke -- the grill is not expensive ... so we bought a new one ! Bigger is not better and this is good not just for our use -LRB- Couple -RRB- but also for family and friends . Two families we know have bought one based on our experience .
 easy to use and stores in a small space , no longer need to store it on the patio in the rain and snow . Perfect for the small family or young couple .
 This is the second patio grill we have purchased . They work very will and take up a small amount of space.The newest one purchased in July 2008 is not as solid/sturdy as the first pruchased three years ago.Overall we are satisfied with both grills .
 This grill is not to large but large enough for our use . It is compact enough it dose not take up much room on our patio . It dose a good job of cooking . Had one before we purchased this one , but it finally rusted the burner . Had it for several years . Out lasted any grill we had before by years .
 Char-Broil 's Patio Caddie is one product that really delivers . Assembly is a piece of cake
 This thing works great . The heat distribution is amazing . Only downfall is it is so compact -LRB- which is good -RRB- you do n't have a shelf to rest your seasonings or food items .
 I love my Patio Caddie gas grill , I 've had it for 4 years . I needed a part for it this year and was forced to buy the part through Char-Broil , at a rather high price . Standard replacement parts do not fit this grill . The part took 16 days to get to me . That 's alot of NO GRILLING in June.I still love my grill but am keeping my fingers crossed that nothing breaks down . So far only one part in 4 years is n't bad.The size of the grill rocks !!!
 I bought 2 of these for friends and they loved them . . Now I live in an apt that this grill would be perfect for on my little patio . The footprint is the smallest for a standing grill w/tank that I 've been able to find anywhere on the net . Heats up great , easy clean etc. . . Char Broil !!! please bring this back ... its a great little grill . .
 This is one of my favorite gas grills , I 've cooked everything on this , turkey , beer can chicken , steaks you name it . This is also one of the most efficient grills I 've owned . Very low cost of operation . I 've owned this grill for ten years and just stepped up to a natural gas grill . I 'm really going to miss my Char-Broil Patio Caddie Gas Grill.Cons - The internal parts are not intended to last ten years . I 've replace some parts from -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- less than $ 20.00 -RRB-
 I am a traditionalist and normally only cook on a charcoal grill . However sometimes the weather does n't corporate -LRB- it rains or is too cool -RRB- or I just do n't have enough time for grilling on coals . So I figured a small grill that I could keep on my deck would be a nice complement to my charcoal grill . Fortunately I choose well as this is an excellent small grill!As you will see from some of the other comments , assembly is n't a total snap , but I was able to get it done while watching a football game . Not too tough ; I did have to back up a step once or twice , but overall nothing much to complain about . I certainly believe most people could do it with a little bit of time.Once I had it together , I fired it up . The starter works great , just one click most times . It heats up quick , usually ready in 5-6 minutes . Plus the grate is easy to clean if you want to . I cook for a family of four and found the size works well . You could probably cook for six but beyond that would be a challenge.Now on to the important stuff ... how it cooks . Super ! I have cooked burgers , hot dogs , brats , pork chops , chicken wings , and steaks . You do have to cook with the lid on , but so far everything I have prepared looks , smells , and tastes great coming off the grill . Do n't get me wrong , it 's not as good as charcoal , but when you ca n't get the coals going it is a great second choice .
 Size is great for small space , usually need to push ignitor button several times to light , somewhat annoying . But otherwise works well . Assembly fairly involved , need to make sure handle is on leg opposite the wheels . Might be nice to have way to hang BBQ tools or at least the wire brush . Overall satisfied .
 So far i love this bbq . Gives you the same hieght as full size bbq but in half the size .
 I have a small balcony and this grill fits perfectly . I have to agree with another reviewer . The directions are terrible . I am usually very good at putting things together but this took a while . Also to the reviewer that complained about the tank size ; you can actually get a regular propane tank .
 Great little grill . Have used it four times since I got it last week . It was not that hard to put together . I am not good with directions or working out the kinks , but I did it in about an hour and ended up using every single piece as indicated in instruction booklet . Be sure not to lose tiny wire -LRB- ignition wire -RRB- when you unpack the pieces ! Looks much larger in booklet and I almost misplaced mine ! But do n't worry , the wire snaps right in place and is easy to connect towards the end of assembly.Also , my grill does hold regular size tank at the base . You do not have to have a smaller size tank at all . I use Blue Rhino from my local Lowes.I was so happy with this grill I have ordered one off Amazon for my parents who have always used charcoal . It is very easy to operate and practical for everyday use . Everything I have cooked on it so far tastes amazing ! Chicken stayed juicy and not dried out , seared my steak perfectly , and burgers were a cinch . Highly recommend this little guy ! As for capacity , had 3 chicken breasts and a good size T-bone steak on here at once with no problems at all . Great purchase and excellent alternative if you are just cooking for one or two people . The extra space on my patio is great too !
 I purchased my second Char-Broil Patio Caddie Gas Grill recently . I wore the first one out after many years of use . The grill is perfect for quick grilling as we grill out all year long . Grilling chicken breast 's is a one of our mainstay meals and takes just a few minutes to prepare the chicken on the grill . This is hands down the best small grill we have ever owned . I recommend this grill to people on the go and apartment dwelling folks .
 We have a small area on our outside deck where I could use a barbecue grill . This one fits perfectly and met every expectation I had for a small grill . The heat is spread evenly across the cooking area , the grilling grate is easy to keep clean , and the grilling area is just big enough to support a family of four -LRB- e.g. , four steaks , four hamburgers , whatever -RRB- . Perfect .
 I just ordered my second Patio Caddie grill today . I love this grill . I have had my first one since I bought it at Lowes in the spring of 1998 . it has been holding up very well for the price I paid back then . If it was not for the lid being banged up and dented by family that was living with me that had not a clue how to handle things with out causing damage I would had considered fixing mine up . other than the lid being beaten from taking falls of the deck at my mothers hands after 8 years the grill would really only need a new burner plate and igniter . but I have decided to just replace it so I can get a new 2nd tank and good fitting lid . I looked at another grill at lowes that was nice but more money than this one . this grill is a proven preformer . in the years I have had it I have cooked chicken , ribs , fish steaks , more steaks , london broil , porks , lamb chops and more you name it I bet I have grilled it in this if you could grill it . All the stuff comes out great . Its good for up to 4 in a family but you can still use it at a cookout just keep food warm as you keep on cooking . its very efficent with the gas too . one bottle that came with it has lasted me almost a year . I did have to trade up to a larger new gas bottle when the law required you to have an OPD device in it in 2002 or they would not fill it any longer . new grills should come with this type of bottle now . the new 20 pound bottle lasts over a year between fills!I do not know why others say its not hot enough I never had that problem mine gets pleny hot enough . I can see the flame too . the ignitor lasted 8 years out in the weather mostly with no cover even in the winter , I use it all year too . my only complaint about it is that the greese cup is a bit too small , so I replaced it with a larger universal cup I found at lowes.over all this is a great little grill for the price . and the best value in a grill this size I can find . ca n't wait to get my shiny new one .
 This grill is actually great for anyone who likes to grill but does n't want to expend a great deal of effort ! I `` won '' the Patio Caddie in my divorce , but would have bought one on my own . I 'm afraid of the propane/gas grills for some reason & am intimidated by the large units . This little guy is easy to wheel around , heats up quickly just like an oven , & is easy to clean -LRB- rarely needs it -RRB- . May lack a bit on the grill flavor if you 're used to gas or charcoal , but it is n't much . The ease is well worth any change of taste to get used to . I 've owned mine for 6 years & am just now doing a deep cleaning . Parts have to be ordered & finding that to be a bummer . Otherwise , I highly recommend this grill .
 I recently purchased my first home - a condominium in the metro NYC area with a VERY small deck . I love grilling in the summer and wanted something that would fit in the space and still do a good job . Well , the Patio Caddie is just that ! It is a GREAT little grill and barely takes up any space . In fact , my friends prefer it to their full size grill they recently purchased on sale at Wal-Mart . It cooks very evenly , I 've had no problem refilling the propane tank , and the cooking area is still big enough to do a good amount of grilling ! 2 SMALL complaints -LRB- and I felt if I had a complaint I could n't give it all 5 stars otherwise I would -RRB- :1 -RRB- the lid does not have a hinge on it or attach to the grill . You have to take it off and put it down if you want to flip your burgers or something . It would be nice if you could just open it as you do most other grills .2 -RRB- It would be nice if there was a little side table or somewhere to attach grilling untensils and whatnot while you 're grilling . To keep with the size feature it could collapse before you put it away . Otherwise you have to try and juggle everything while you are grilling.Overall , I would say this grill is an EXCELLENT purchase and I have no regrets . Grill on !
 Consider this a long term test . I bought my Patio Caddie out of desperation when another cheap grille died one nice summer Saturday with friends coming over for dinner . I simply was n't in a mood to spend $ 400 or $ 500 for a king kong unit.What makes a good grille is really simple
 The Patio Caddie is a nice small grill-good for small spaces when you want the convenience of propane . It is well constructed and easy to use . Assembly is a bit of a pain , though nowhere near as bad as their old full size units . If you have a cordless screwdriver and can follow their instructions , it should take about 30 minutes to an hour . It 's very easy to use-a push button ignition , burner control on the front , and with the propane tank sitting down below , you have easy access to the valve . There are nice touches like a built in thermometer and a retainer clip so you can hinge the lid on the lip of the grill if you do n't have a place to put it when you have the lid off . It does generate a decent amount of heat for a single burner grill-just enough for searing , and the ceramic charcoals do much better than lava rocks . On the bad side , it 's hard to see the flame , so it 's not exactly easy to tell if you 've sucessfully ignited the gas . An electronic battery operated ignition would be a lot nicer . And while easy to wheel around , the small propane tank does n't cut it-it does n't hold enough , and if you do the tank exchange instead of filling your old one , no one will accept it . It 's great for a small grill-a good step up from a small charcoal grill . If you have the space , you 'll be a lot happier with a full size grill . With multiple burners and a lot more BTU power , you 'll get better results with a full size grill-and many do n't cost much more than the patio caddy . But if you only have enough room for a small grill , this is one of the best on the market .
 I have stress tested the Patio Caddie for five weeks and am very pleased . Obviously , it has size limitations , but for day-to-day cooking for one or two people , it 's great . Capacity is fine
 This grill has provided outstanding service to us for over five years . It has not rusted out . It is stingy on gas , typically providing a full years use at three to five times per week on one five gallon tank . The company provides replacement parts so you can keep it working well . and it does a great job cooking your food . It is adequate for grilling enough meat for 4-6 persons . The heat is controllable allowing you to tailor your cooking to the items being grilled . It takes up very little space both in use and when being stored . In sum given it 's size limitations it is probably the best grill we have purchased in the last forty years .
 I 've had this grill for about two months now and I love it . It 's nice to see that Char-broil has taken the initiative to break free from the standard black , rectilinear grill . This grill tucks neatly into the corner of my back deck and looks great . Friends are always commenting on it.As for cooking , the smaller grill surface has proven to be ample for parties of four when cooking fish , steaks or skewered items . For sandwich-style grilling -LRB- e.g. , hamburgers , hotdogs , etc. -RRB- you can cook for twice that many . The cooking surface itself is a refreshing change as well ; the metal slats are thick and give restaurant-style grill marks to your food , while providing more surface area for smaller items to sit on . The Patio Caddie comes with hickory-scented briquettes that enhance the flavor and mask the gas scent.Be sure to consider the Patio Caddie if you 're in the market for a high quality gas grill in this price range . You ca n't go wrong !
 OK , this grill does n't get as hot as the much bigger , much more expensive weber-type grills with multiple burners . That said , it still easily gets hot enough to cook a decently thick new york steak in just a few minutes per side . And as far as cooking with the lid off -- what do you expect for a lousy -LSB- money amount -RSB- !?! On top of that , it 's PERFECT for those with small apartment style balconies . It 's economical on gas -- I use it pretty regularly and have yet to go through an entire large tank of propane in over six months of use . It 's the perfect size if you 're grilling a quick steak or two -LRB- or up to 6 or 7 hamburger patties -RRB- for one person.The grill itself has the large gratings that leave pleasant , savory grillmarks on the meat . It 's easy to clean , and does n't cling onto charcoal and carbon like other grills seem to . The lid also has thoughtful little hooks on the inside part of the assembly screws , making it easy to hang the lid on the lip of barbeque itself instead of having to set it down somewhere . The little temperature guage on the front is useful for telling how fast the inside grill temp is heating up -LRB- essential for preheating the grill , something you should always do before cooking -RRB- , although I do n't rely on its accuracy in cooking/timing meat.This is a great grill , a great idea , and great execution at a very attractive price . It 's shown that it holds up extremely well after nine months of use , and I 'd buy another in a heartbeat.Those with the space/backyards and multi-family sized barbeque needs should look elsewhere , but just looking at it should tell you that . For the rest of us doing some quick grilling for 1-2 people , this could be the perfect grill .
 I LOVE this grill ! Although it is limited in size and you ca n't adjust the grill height as with larger gas grills , it is perfect for one or two people . I have always been a charcoal fan , but I have to say it 's nice to come home and grill up some chicken or fish for one , without waiting for coals!Does anyone know where I can get a replacement gas tank in the small size that comes with the grill ? I recently moved from CA to MA and the movers would n't take even an empty tank ... I ca n't find that size in the NorthEast ... hey Amazon , do you sell just the replacement tank ?
 I recently bought this grill after evaluating my barbeque needs and my space constraints . First of all this is the only propane grill that has a circular shape as opposed to the much bigger and bulkier rectangular grills . As a result , this grill tucks neatly into my porch and looks very slick . The grill , although small has more than ample grilling space for grilling for 2-4 people . As a suggestion , make sure you keep the lid closed to generate enough heat to cook meat properly . My last suggestion is to purchase a full capacity tank -LRB- cost approx . $ 20 -RRB- and use the one provided as a backup .
 This patio caddy is the greatest thing ! In San Francisco we do n't have much space , and you see them everywhere ! Because it is small , it heats up very quickly , cooks evenly , and I am delighted to have it in my life ! The original came a little ` bumped and bruised ' and for that I was not happy , but it has been with me now for over 2 years and I can not imagine being without it at all . I use all year round !
 I was a first time gas grill buyer and was discouraged when I went shopping and saw the size of most gas grills on the market . I live in a town home community and my deck is not real large . I did n't want to have half of my deck taken up by a grill ! Being a single gal , I was even able to put this grill together by myself and carry and move it to its permanent location . I have had it for a couple of months now and use it several times a week . I am so glad I chose to go with this grill over the bohemeths that were sold locally in my town . Amazon service was just fine and had no problems with the delivery as I had it in one weeks time .
 I always read Amazon reviews to help buy good reliable items but seldom write a review ... this is a deserved exception . We have had this grill twice as long as any other weve had , its igniter works every time ! and on most they are a bad joke , we use all the grill area by lifting the top and not getting to unreachable areas as in rectangular versions . no other grill comes close in fuel economy and even cooking ... the cast iron splatter shield over the burner means we havent had to replace the burner which we often did on others . Light it set your timer for 5 minutes and its ready and just as easily cooks meat with consistent success...5-7 minutes on 1 side 5 on the other once you throttle back the flame till its about 2/3 max ... the secret to good meat cooking is 1 turn only so you dont dry the meat out and its juicy inside when finished . I think I will buy another not because we need to replace ours but anything this good i am afraid they ll stop making them . Its worth the price at $ 200 + .
 This is the second of these grills i have purchased , i wore my other one out , used it so much , it lasted for over 7 years , i loved the way it cooks and its so compact , i only cook for one so its perfect and have very small patio , so works even better !!! I would recommend this grill to small families or singles !! It does a great job !!
 As a single mom I HATED doing the charcoal thing in order to barbeque ... it took too long , it was messy and just a pain . So when we were on vacation and the condo had this little gem , we barbequed every night . It is small enough to keep on my patio without hogging all the room , and easy to use . Kinda a pain to assemble , but now that it is done , I am home free for easy meals and fun outdoors . A great deal at $ 139 too !
 lightweight easy to move heats up in minutes can cook large amounts of food small tank lasts forever you can also hook up large tank this is my 2nd one great for a family of 4
 This is a great grill . I did n't give it a 5 because thats not what its meant to be . Its a grill for those of us who probably really dream of a bigger patio to fit a `` 5 '' , but do n't have the space . Although it must be considered a portable grill , it has much more surface space than you would imagine ... It 's light , you can lift it when it 's cooled or roll it with its convenient handle when its hot or cooled . The smaller grilltop means less cleaning and prep , also , and once you place the deep steamer-type lid on it , it really cooks . The manual says , and I 've learned it 's correct , that the covered cooking really seals in flavor as it also allows the top of your fare to cook , which equates to a more evenly cooked result , and a faster meal . But you can also regulate the heat to help control your dish , you can crank it up if you like that . I 've found I like to preheat , leave it hot for initial searing , then gradually turn it down . I 've only screwed up once , but thats just me . A smaller grill with big muscles and a good buy .
 I was attracted to this grill because of its small footprint and compact design -- something I need on my very small porch . The assembly directions were great and easy to follow . I love the thermometer in the lid ; it helps to get a handle on how quickly food will cook . I do wish there were a hook and loop arrangement so I could hang the lid on the side of the grill while attending to the food . My only option is to set the lid on the patio floor . Food -LRB- chicken -RRB- cooked nicely and I look forward to trying more recipies .
 We 've had this grill for over 5 years . It still works perfectly and looks great . The ignition starter still works - truly amazing !
 We loved this grill . The height is perfect for cooking for up to 5-6 people so it 's not that small . We used ours for 7 years and I need to find another one as a Christmas present for my hubby . He does n't take care of things so it 's his fault that ours is in bad shape . I saw him clean it twice in 7 years .
 The Patio Caddie Grill is a perfect gift for my daughters . The small footprint fits their condo patio 's perfectly . I ordered/purchased 2 grills . I received 1st grill as scheduled . Never received 2nd grill as schedule ... had to contact Amazon ; they sent 2nd grill and it arrived per schedule -LRB- there is probably a warehouseman or truck driver BBQ ` ing on that 2nd grill now ! -RRB- . The 1st grill box contained a wrong part ... the wire that connects the ignitor to the push button ... had to go to Home Depot to purchase replacement . This was somewhat irritating .
 I read many reviews before purchasing this unit and can tell you that it is an awesome grill . Assembly instructions were clear and easy to follow . I received a larger tank than the one that was shown in the picture which was great -LRB- less trips to the refill center -RRB- . The grill fired right up & has worked great every day since I purchased it . So Buy It , and go spend some time doing something else that you enjoy !
 GREAT PRODUCT . DONT HESITATE IF YOU HAVE A SMALL PATIO . THIS IS THE ONE.STURDY AND WELL BUILT .
 i had a grill like this one the grill is great was a little bit hard since i am a women to put togather but have been really enjoying it . cooks great ...
 how do i locate a dealer in the Richmond , Va area to buy replacement parts , such as handles for the top and other items ?
 I 've owned this grill for about 5 years , and think it 's the best grill ever made . I 've owned a number of grills in the past 30 years , and this is the best one I 've ever had.This grill produces the right amount of heat . I 've had a hard time with other grills producing too much heat and incinerating my food . Not so with this one ; the heat is just right for most foods to cook at the right rate.Unless you need to feed an entire platoon , the size of this grill is perfect . You can cook for up to 4 people , and the size is perfect since it does n't sprawl across your deck or patio.I 've had to replace the ignitor a couple of times , but that was easy , cheap , and fast . I 've had no corrosion or failure of any of the parts.Buy this grill . You 'll like it .
 this is the third patio caddy i 've purchased over the years ... they are so easy to store and use ... when they eventually `` get old '' it 's not an arm and leg to replace them ...
 I have always grilled at least a couple times a week all year round but this year the weather here in upstate NY has been windy and snowy enough to make that very difficult . I mention that because it is the reason I decided to try Patio Caddie grill . I have another larger grill on my deck that was not useable during the times we had high wind , very cold temperatures , snow and many times all of this at once . I bought a `` Foreman '' type grill so I could do some `` grilling '' in the kitchen and it works very well but really does n't give real flame grill type flavor so I decided to try the Patio Caddie grill . Because it is small and compact I put it in my garage for the winter and have been able to grill in all types of weather . First I would rate the grill excellent for its capabilities - it is fast and sears the meat very well which keeps the juices in . Even though it is small the 15 '' diameter grill surface is large enough to handle grilling for 2 people or a small family . The non hinged lid and lack of a side shelf take some getting used to but are not a problem . My only complaint so far is that the actual cooking grate is cheaply made and has warped some in only a short time . For what I paid -LRB- $ 89 . -RRB- I will just buy a 15 '' diameter replacement of better quality when the original is no longer serviceable . The burner setup in the grill is very good and I expect it to last for a long time . The burner is under a round cast iron plate in the center of the grill and I have found that it gives even heat on the entire surface . Because the actual burner is under the cast plate I doubt that it will rot out . Since I have only used the grill in my garage for about 5 weeks this winter out of the wind I ca n't comment on how it will work outside on a windy day . Probably the 10,000 BTU burner will struggle to produce enough heat for good grilling in strong wind but this can be a problem with any grill . I have been grilling on charcoal or gas grills for 40 years and I would give this grill high marks for grilling performance . As long as you have a small table close by for a work shelf you 'll have no problem . With a better quality cooking grate I would have rated the grill 5 stars .
 Perfect if space is a concern . Even if you have the room for a bigger grill , this one will handle it all .
 This is second grill of this type I have purchased . The first one I simply wore out , but only after cooking virtually everything on it , including the beer can chicken recipe which is cooked whole , standing up on the grill . -LRB- The high dome lid helps accomodate a lot of things . -RRB- The cooking surface is at a comfortable height . The round surface makes it useful for a variety of foods , and even heats properly for those 1 1/2 inch steaks.The grill neatly tucks away on the porch , has a small burner made from high quality brass or bronze . It is very efficient on fuel consumption , reducing the number trips for LP.Amazon has the best price even over WM.GS
 Got a great deal on this bbq . Easy to assemble ! Great for mother in law ! Perfect size for apartment patio !
 After putting the grill together , I noticed that the way it heats is different than any other grill that I have owned in the past . Instead of tubular elements , this grill heats by the flame heating a thick metal plate at the bottom of the grill . I was impressed by the way it performed . The grill lit easily with only one click of the ignitor and maintained a constant temperature . If I had to go back and do anything different , I would place aluminum foil along the inside and bottom of the grill to keep the drippings from collecting in the bottom of the grill . Otherwise , a great little grill for the price !!!
 We Like this grill so much , this is our 2nd one . A replacement after 7 yrs . This time we 'll put a cover on it , so it will last longer . A co-worker even bought one for his fiancee for Christmas , because we liked ours so much . It 's EASY to use & it 's small in size , so it does n't take up too much space . However , it still cooks alot of food.Even my 16 yr.old uses it ! And it 's cute for a grill .
 This is a great product and just the size I need for my apartment patio . The price was right and the clean up is simple fast and easy .
 This is a great little BBQ . I 've actually had three of these over the years . They get hard use in our household and are left out in the weather year around . Eventually , the burner rusts out and needs to be replaced , but you get lots of use without any problems . Highly recommended !
 I bought this item several years ago and loved it from the first day . Is it perfect ? No , but anyone expecting perfection for $ 100 needs to become re-aquainted with reality . I loved the convenience , size , and inexpensive operation of the unit . The grill rack is a great cooking surface that cleans up easily and never rusts . And as someone else mentioned , I can cook a couple times a week for about six months on 3 gallons of propane . It is small , probably too small for a family , but great for a single person or even a couple . My igniter stopped working after a couple of years , so I use one of those long lighters now to light it . The primary downside to this unit is the lack of indirect cooking space - forget about ribs or chicken . But it is great for beef , pork , fish , sausage , etc. . I strongly recommend this grill for a single person with limited space .
 This grill is great for me because I live in a small cabin and do not have a large porch . It works very well and the high dome allows for larger items such as beer can chicken . The only let down was that the picture showed an LP tank and I assumed that it came with one , I had to purchase my own .
 We have been using small table top propane grills for years . However , I wanted one with a rust-proof grill but that was still small enough to fit on our deck . This one fit the bill perfectly . Unlike many of the reviewers here , this was actually a big step up for us . It is a much more powerful grill than we are used to . We have to remember to shorten the grilling times now as it gets much hotter than the small table top grills we have been using . All in all , we are very happy with our purchase and are looking forward to using it for the next several years .
 The item arrived in a timely manner and was in great condition . I have had this product before and this one I am sure will do just as well as the last . Assembly was very easy and it works just fine .
 Char-Broil Patio Caddie Electric GrillI had intended to purchase the electric grill , but accidentally chose the gas Charbroil patio grill . It is amazing and easy to use . It is perfect for 2 to 4 people and hardly takes up any space . We have the largest Jenn Air gas grill you can buy and we never use it now that we have our new patio grill !
 First purchased a gas one in 1996 for a condo balcony and gave it to my daughter , when I moved , where it is still in use . Bought a new gas replacement immediately at the new house for a large patio . After 6 years of use about 3 times a week , I found a rebuild kit for the starter/burner area and it works like new -LRB- the push starter stopped working -RRB- . I BBQ rear-around in the sun , wind , and rain , no matter . I cook steaks , pork chops , fish , burgers , and chicken . Have used it for gatherings of 20 people and it is large enough and fast enough to cook in shifts -LRB- the kids want hot dogs and burgers instead of steaks , anyway -RRB- . I kick myself for all those years using smelly charcoal fluid , slow charcoal getting hot , and getting rid of all those ashes which can cause fires if not totally out.I 've got it down , by experience , how many minutes to do each side . It always comes out consistently , I never cook without using the cover . How to toast the buns for the burgers -LRB- lowest flame , less than a minute -RRB- ; how to do chicken breasts max hot for the first side , turn and do at lowest setting until done . For special occasions , finish the steak , turn off burner , and sprinkle blue cheese crumbles on top and let melt.There are very few products that I admire for their engineering and practicality , and this is one . By the way , I do n't work for the maker nor sell these . I am just a happy user .
 I 've owned a previous model of this grill for about 6 years and use it over 250 days a year . I think it is the best grill I have ever owned.The metal plate finally rusted through , so I bought a new one for about $ 8 and replaced the nuts and bolts with stainless steel . Works like new again . No rust anywhere else on the grill , but I have n't banged it around either , which would crack the porcelain finish . I have n't had any trouble with it at all.This grill is n't like any other grill I have used . It has a one flame burner that heats up a heavy metal plate that is about 6 '' in diameter and 3/8 '' inches thick of cast iron . There is a ring of porcelain briquettes around the bottom of the kettle , but most of the heat radiates from the plate . It heats up pretty quickly with the lid on and it gets very hot . I hope they improved the lid holder so that the lid can be partially up and on an angle because mine is very hard to set that way . So on my grill , I cook with the lid on or off.Since this grill is so different , cooking with it can be challenging until you get the hang of it . If you want low heat , light the grill and turn the heat way down right away . If you let it heat up on high , it will take a long time to cool down to a low cooking temperature . There is also what I call `` low-low '' and I use that for cooking pork and other things I want to cook rather slowly . The way that works is to use the new style of gas tank 's safety device to your advantage . If you have n't bought a gas grill lately , lighting it is different than it was about 10 years ago . The new grills use large right hand threads and you light these new grills by turning on the gas valve on the tank , turning the knob to `` Off '' for about 10 seconds -LRB- or until your hear a click -RRB- then put it on high and light it . If you do n't do in in this exact order , the grill will light , but the flame will be very low and that flame is what I call low-low . On this grill , the flame is usable unlike other grills where it will hardly warm the food , much less cook it.Replacement parts are readily available from several sources on the web . The instructions are available from Charbroil on their website .
 Is an exellent gas grill , The size and shape of the grill makes it eay to put away and store .
 I just assembled my grill last weekend . Only took me about 1 hour . Great directions , easy to follow . I have since grilled 3 times in less than 24 hours . Salmon steaks , chicken wings , bratwurst , and turkey burgers . The burgers came out juicy on the inside . On every other grill I 've used I always overcook the turkey burgers but these were amazing . I cooked enough food for 6 people . If you do n't have the space for a monster grill or even if you do , this grill will not dissapoint !
 This thing is great . It 's not suited for a 20-person cookout but for cooking for 1 or 2 people , or 3 times that many on occassion , it 's great . I used full-sized propane tanks and they last over a year with using the grill 3 - 4 times a week for steaks , chicken , or fish . I HIGHLY recommend this product for apartment dwellers who want a gas grill but do n't have the space for a full-sized unit .
 Highly recommended for family of 2-4 people . Heats up in minutes . Easy to put together for even nonmechanically orientated folks .
 I live in downtown Chicago and have a small balcony . This grill works out perfect . It has a nice size cooking area but does n't take up much space . I cook out a lot and only have to fill the tank once a year . All in all a great grill !
 Easy to use , easy to care for . Moves easily on the two wheels . Ignitor breaks after a year or two , but that 's normal . Parts are expensive . $ 80 for this grill is a good deal .
 Needed a BBQ that would take up minimal space on my patio , a real plus is the tank sits under the BBQ and not on the side , saving space . It was easy to assemble , and attractive looking . As this is a one burner -LRB- low BTU -RRB- BBQ it does not put out a lot of heat , that is the trade off you make when you are trying to save space . The unit is easy to move around . I am a bit concerned on how long this unit will last as it is located at my beach house , things just do not last long in the salty environment . Overall this unit met my primary need of saving space at a reasonable price . There are very few manufactures out there selling selling upright gas grills . I think Char-Broil 's warranty is for 30 seconds , or nothing to brag about .
 this is 2nd one i have purchased ... they are as good as my `` green egg '' -LRB- except for smoking -RRB- , and weber grill ... it fits on our mountain cabin deck and also on our city home swimming pool patio ... of course they are gas , and nothing beats the real thing ... charcoal and/or wood ...
 We just replaced this grill with the same one after 11 years . The performance is outstanding and it fits nicely on our small deck . We used it almost daily and found that it was consistent in delivering evenly cooked food . We would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a small grill . Guess we really liked it as we never considered another grill after we wore the first one out .
 We love this grill , Just the right size , easy to clean and uses less gas then the big one we use to have . We use wood chips in it for that good smoked taste and everything cooks perfectly .
 Love the ease of operation , low fire hazard , cooks equal to or better than gas grills , no gas smell .
 The CharBroil Patio Caddie Gas Grill is great for smaller patios and families . I use this grill approximately three times a week . I prefer the smaller size because I do not waste propane to heat up the large standard size grill for only four people . The round shape evenly distributes the heat resulting in evenly cooked foods . The handle does get a little on the hot side while cooking and is not the easiest to move around . Clean up has been easy , but the center heat element has rusted after one year .
 Best grill I ever owned . First one I had lasted 6 years and was a real sturdy piece of equipment .
 I love this grill ! It will always have sentimental value as I bought it on 9/11/00 ... it continues to work like a champ . My favorite feature is you can actually fit a full size propane tank under it as well as the small one provided to you ; so , no frequeunt trips to fill up if you grill alot .
 We looked all over for this grill . Friends of ours had one . Perfect size , not to big , well made . We ordered on amazon and took about 30 minutes to put together . We love it . The grill is heavy duty . The design is nice .
 Well , this little grill worked out perfectly for me . I bought mine about 10 years ago and it has cooked many a delicious meal -LRB- if I do say so myself -RRB- . Sadly , the connector to the tank has broken and I ca n't figure out how to fix it . It 's all part of the regulator assembly and those appear to be sold out all across the internet . Amazingly , I do n't see anyone making anything with quite this form factor , which is perfect for a single person living in an apartment . I suppose the Bistro might work , but I 'm not crazy about the appearance . Rest in peace , Caddie !
 the propane tank holds 2.6 lbs . i do n't every weekend in the summer but the grill is perfect for me .
 This is a great little grill . It is a replacement for an identical grill that I have on my houseboat . The old grill was eight years old . It served me so well and fit my application so well that I bought an identical replacement .
 Great little grill for the money . It takes up the minimum space on my patio and cooks very well . Love it !
 I did not do any background prior to buying it from Amazon . However , I tried to buy it used . For about a year , I saw it advertised used just a few times . Of course every time I tried to buy one , someone else had beaten me to it . I figured this was and indication that this grill was popular and well worth its value . Needless to say , as always , Amazon had the best price for it.Putting it together was a breeze . The single stack burner really gets the grill hot in no time at all.The best part is that is that if the hot plate is removed , leaving the burner exposed , you can rest a pot , a griddle or whatever else on the three sturdy bolts , that hold the plate in place , and use it safely as a burner . I have even easily managed to cook with a cast iron wok .
 This grill does a great job of cooking dinner for small groups . The main problem we had with it was that the `` wheel base assembly '' did not include said wheels , but we 're hoping the manufacturer will send them out for free like it says on the instructions . It 's relatively stationary and light weight though so the lack of wheels is more annoying to me than a real problem . As for cooking , it does a nice job , everything cooks as expected , clean up is n't any harder than it is on larger grills . I 'd say get the grill , but triple check to make sure every single bit is there before building it ; the wheels are n't in the assembly pack like I assumed , they 're already supposed to be in the base .
 This is the second Patio Grill that we have owned . It serves nicely for a two person family . It is easy to store and takes up less room on your patio or deck . The only complaint that I have is that the ignitor did not function ... but they all stop functioning after a period of time .
 This is the perfect grill for a small patio at an apartment or condo . It is a normal height , unlike the `` tail-gate '' models a lot of others in my apartment bought thinking that was their only option . It starts every time.l Although it comes with a small tank , the `` normal '' full size tank -- the one you can take to Home Depot etc to trade for a full tank -- also fits on the base perfectly . -LRB- I think that is a 20 lb tank ? -RRB- Parts are still available 6 years later , hurrah ! My burner shield has disintegrated but I found I can order one for $ 9.25 . Love the cool brackets that let me hang the lid on the edge of the grill -LRB- dangerous to put the hot lid down on the ground , I think . -RRB- Grill does have hotter and colder spots , no big deal to me now that I know where they are . Excellent quality cooking grate.I got mine assembled from a local hardware store . I assembled a gas grill once with a friend in college and vowed never again.My neighbors all look at it like they ca n't believe something like this actually exists ! You can fit it anywhere !
 This product has HUGE potential . It is an excellent design . I use this as a no hassle alternative to a messy Foreman grill . I cook on it all of the time . The gas lasts FOREVER!When I built mine , I threw out all of the nuts and bolts it came with and spent over $ 20 on Stainless Steel replacements . Being an outdoor grill , this should be something it comes with.After about a year , the cast iron heat plate was destroyed . Everything else on the grill was in perfect condition -LRB- thanks to using one of those grey Weber grill covers -RRB- . My friend and I just replaced the cast iron heat plate , tonight ; with an eighth inch stainless steel one cut out of some of his left over material . WOW !!!! What a difference that made ! Holy Moley . The flame distribution is even -LRB- unlike before -RRB- , the temperature climbs up much quicker , and the stainless heat plate glows red hot.I am a true fan of this grill and think it is an AWSOME value , but I think consumers would be willing to pay $ 10 more if Char-Broil would just supply stainless hardware and a REAL stainless heat plate that wo n't degenerate itself.When and if it croaks , I will buy another one . But I will continue to do what ever I can to fix any future quirks with the one I currently have .
 I bought this a replacement for one exactly like it . The old one finally was put to rest after many years of use by my parents . This compact grill is easy to use and uses up very little space . Perfect for a small deck . Great construction and easy set up . The one drawback was that the new grill did not come with the two side tables that the original grill had . I took them off the old grill and installed them on the new one .
 The price was right and the item arrived in good condition . Assembly was very easey . I have used the Q'er on an everyother day basis and found cooking over a smaller grill was better than I expected.However , the ceramic coated cover does have small pits all over it . In my opinnion not enough to worry about , so I did not contact the company.Would I buy it again ? Most definately .
 I just bought my second Patio Caddie , this one for a gift . We 've had ours for over 2 years and have loved its size and convenience , and are able to bar-b-q year round . It 's perfect for us empty nesters or a small family , as 7 large burgers will max out the cooking surface . It cooks nicely and cleans up easily . It would be good for condo or apartments , as it has 2 rollers and moves quite easily . Happy grilling !
 This is our 2d Char-Broil Patio Caddie grill . It is just the right size for 3-4 people & very easy to move away from the wood deck railing when cooking -LRB- even with a 20 lb . propane tank -RRB- . The grate fits perfectly on the top rack of our dishwasher . Our 1st one came with a 10 lb . propane tank that we never use . This one does not include a tank.We will buy a 3rd on in another 5-6 years .
 This grill is great for small spaces . We live in a condo in NYC and it is perfect for the tiny area we get to call our `` patio '' . We love to grill and this gives us delicious dinners without taking up cruical square footage . Very even heat , easy , user-friendly design . I highly suggest it !
 I 've been very pleased with this grill , so far . I 've never had a gas grill before , due to lack of space for use and storage . This grill fits very will in a small space and has performed really well . I miss my charcoal flavor , but feel good about helping the environment .
 This was my second grill of the same type . I had the 1st for about 6 years , rebuilding the inside once . I have several grills , large gas for entertaining and gas fired charcoal . I use this grill for smaller and quick meals . It is outstanding . It cooks evenly and can produce heat high enough to get a good char on a steak . Temperature regulation is good so you can go low for veggies or slow cook thicker cuts . The cooking grate is probably the best feature . The original on my first grill were still in excellent condition when I retired the grill . For the money I highly recommend it .
 I have just sold my Patio Caddy after 10 YEARS ! I worked famously during that entire time and it still works as good as it did when it was new . The electronic ignition never failed to work . And CharBroil still sells them . Does that tell you something ? We only sold it because we wanted a larger unit , no other reason . Get one - you wo n't be sorry .
 This is the second patio grill I have purchased . I love it . It sits on a porch 8 feet from my kitchen therefore no need for all the shelves etc. . It gets very hot and I can even put enough on it for 6-8 people . The porcelain grill is also extremely easy to clean .
 This is a minimal BBQ , which is why I bought it . It works fine for 2-4 steaks , 4 brats , chicken for 2 people , etc. . I much prefer charcoal for grilling , but it 's not worth the time or cost to fire up a standard Weber for 2 steaks . It has a small foot print and a deck rail is sufficient to hold a plate and tongs .
 I bought one of these years ago and basically used it nearly every day in the summer and a lot during the winter . I have been able to cook frozen chicken breast that have a great gold grilled look on the outside and still be very juicy on the inside . In fact , an ex who is one of the greastest cooks I have ever dated still swears that she does n't know I can do it but I say it 's the grill . It 's shape and compactness make it act like a pressure cooker as long as you 're not one of those who has to keep taking the top off and flipping for no reason . With this unit , grilling is fun and the food turns out great
 Works great , cooks evenly , and does n't take up much space . Perfect for patios and -LRB- do n't tell my apartment complex -RRB- balconies .
 PRO - Extremely handy , reliable gas grill . Just right for grilling for 2-3 people . Uses much less propane than a standard-size grill . Fits onto a patio/deck without taking up too much space . This is actually the second Patio Caddie we have had - the first was used year-round for 8 years before we replaced it.CON - Assembly was a bit complicated , took nearly 2 hours , but all required parts were provided and labeled .
 This grill works great . I am so pleased that it takes little space but does a terrific job . I can push it under the overhang of my house . It will hold 6 steaks , 8 chicken breasts . I love it ! And easy to clean !
 Hello ; We received the Caddie on time and for the price we expected . It works great . Because of heavy rains we could not use it for a couple of weeks , but we really like it . The only problem that I had was the retaining screws for the legs stripped out if I tried to tighten them too hard.Bob Laughlin
 Consider this a long term test . I bought my Patio Caddie out of desperation when another -LSB- -RSB- grille died one nice summer Saturday with friends coming over for dinner . I simply was n't in a mood to spend -LSB- a small fortune -RSB- for a king kong unit.What makes a good grille is really simple
 I 've had one of these for about 10 years - one of the old black ones . It is really great for my wife and I -LRB- and the occasional small party -RRB- and we use it every week all year long . The bottom finally fell out and the heat distribution plate was so warped and corroded , it was unrecognizable . Plus , since the bottom was falling out , there were no `` risers '' to hold it up above the burner . I read other reviews that talked about the new units being manufactured with less quality than the old ones so I was concerned about buying a new one blindly . I finally found a local `` big box '' hardware store that carried them so I could see one of the new ones first hand . There are some differences - for instance , the grill in the new one is round wire vs. the flat porcelain coated one that came with my old one . But overall , the same design and there actually some minor improvements , like the hooks for the lid . So I bought the one at the `` big box store '' - $ 125 plus tax so it was about $ 7 more but I had it in my hands today . I meticulously assembled the new one and used my old grill -LRB- kept the new one wrapped in cardboard for a rainy day -RRB- . I `` seasoned '' it for a while on full blast heat and experienced none of the blistering or breaking of the enamel paint referenced in other reviews . Just cooked some burgers and they were great . Looking forward to another 10 years ...
 Bought this grill from amazon 2 years ago and am very pleased . Easy to move around or put away for winter . Good control of temp . Easy Clean . Only criticism is grease catch cup is too SMALL . I cooking for a lot to people cup the size of a cup fills up quickly . Also cup developed small electrolysis holes.If I was to buy a small deck grill again the Weber Q looks better .
 Works well . Upon delivery 2 essential parts were missing . It took an additional 10 days to receive them . This was irritating .
 Just what we needed to BBQ year round on our deck . Plenty of room for the main course and vegetables . Frugal on fuel . If it every breaks we 'll gladly buy another
 I am very pleased with both the price and quality of my new grill . Thank you !
 we love the size of this grill.it is easy to keep clean.we are looking to buy another one and give our old one to our friends.the problem i found was the front leg rusted and broke away from the frame.mary
 Bought the Char-Broil Patio Caddie grill and have loved it every minute since I got it . Highly recommend !
 Great little grill . It takes up a very small amount of space . It is amazing , though , how much food can be cooked at once .
 This is a great little grill for people with limited space . It can handle about8-9 hamburgers , etc. and is easy to use and assemble .
 Char-Broil Patio Caddie Gas GrillThis little grill is a perfect size for a small patio . It took me 4 hours to put it together and only had one problem , which seems to very popular . The Wire for the ignitor does n't fit into one end . After being sent a whole new grill -LRB- just for the part -RRB- , it still did n't fit . I called Char-Broil directly and they informed me that they 've had alot of calls regarding the ignitor wire for this model . They sent me one and it fits beautifully.The grill really cooks well and I am really enjoying it .
 I actually own three -LRB- 3 -RRB- of these grills . One each at different condos . My original I have owned for seven years , and it still looks like new on the outside , and the burner and grill itself have held up excellently . They take up very little room , grill very nicely , and are stingy on the propane . They are of high quality
 The Grill is compact making it not only less noticible on a very small patio as well as not stealing vaulable outdoor living space . Its easy to clean and has a more than adequate grilling surface area for a small family . I wish the actual grill plate was easier to lift so one can routinely clean it without using a utensil to pry it up of the supports along the edge . A small tab along the rim or indent in the frame of the grill plate would do the trick . Unfortuantely our ignitor does not work at all . I hope to remedy this problem with a call to the maufacturer . Overall very pleased with its ability to grill foods evenly and quickly .
 This is a great grill if you do n't need huge amounts of cooking space . I 've owned one before and loved it for about 8-10 years . Unfortunately , one lower leg bottom rusted off ; probably due to Hawaii 's high humidity , high rainfall and the salty air . Anyway , on my new grill I sealed this area with silicone so that water ca n't be trapped there . -LRB- I doubt it will ever be a problem now that I live in New Mexico -- not much rain ! -RRB- Again , I put lava rock in the bottom to increase the heating capacity and distribution . This grill is economical with gas and cooks better than any other grill I 've owned . I love the cast iron grill surface that is ceramic coated , very heavy-duty and distributes the heat well .
 I 'm on my third patio caddie and could n't recommend a better product . The only reason I 've had three is that I keep giving them to friends after they get a little worn so I can go out and buy a new color . I 've assembled three over the years -LRB- 55 yo female with arthritis -RRB- and they work perfectly every time . It takes about an hour for assembly . There is ample space to grill for a large or small group . Anyone who has given this product less than five stars just is n't trying . This is a fabulous item .
 I purchased the Char Broil Gas Patio Caddy in January ,2008 . It arrived on time and in great condition.The assembly was very easy and it `` lit '' , on the first try!We had an electric Patio Caddy for 5 years , while living in Las Vegas due to HOA by-laws . It also performed as expected.I would recommend this grill to everyone as it exceeds all of our expectations.Tim YoungScottsdale , AZ. .
 Love the BBQ . It arrived in one day after I ordered it ! We have a big BBQ . But we decided that when we were only cooking for two , we needed a smaller one . This BBQ was easy to assemble . We are very happy with it 's performance . It heats up super fast and cooks well .
 This is my second one . The first one is still going strong after 10 yearsof service . Does a great job on any cooking I 've done.I would recomend this grill as a good buy to any one interested in asmall grill . Fits on our small patio and does not take up alot of room.Don
 The last Char-Broil Patio Caddie Gas Grill I had lasted nearly 8 years of twice a week grilling . When that finally wore out , there was never an issue about buying another one . It is just right for our uses and easy to clean.It only has a 10,000 btu rating , so over loading the grate will slow the cooking time , but otherwise , it handles everything you throw at it.The older model came with ` broquettes ' that got really messy in a few months , so I 'm glad the new model has a slight design change making those unnecessary.The assembly intsructions were easy to follow and all parts were clearly marked.I recived my grill in just three days.The listing for Technical data on Amazon say 's that it comes with an 11.5 lb . tank . That is NOT true . Even the box it ships in say 's TANK NOT INCLUDED . If you read the product review below the product , it tells you the tank is not included . I had to buy my own tank at Lowes for about $ 25 . Amazon was very good about taking 10 % off the price once I contacted them about the misleading info . That helped off set the cost of the new tank .
 Great item where apts ban gas and charcoal . Compact for balcony , patios . easy assembly . Fast heating , clean . cooks all types of food items from fish to vegs to steak . has multi heat zones so can cook different items at once . great buy
 Heats up quickly , easy to assemble , sturdy , great size BUT contrary to the online description , it did not include the gas tank which had to be purchased for an additional $ 30 . So it was more expensive online then at my local hardware store which included the propane tank .
 This has been a great grill for just the two of us . It also fits in our small patio . We can grill for up to six steaks at one time , so it is great for small parties also . Love it .
 This is a great grill . I have used one for four years ; -LRB- the same one -RRB- have grilled everything for frozen pizza to salmon . A cast iron fry pan fits just right to fry bacon and eggs out on the deck .
 I have used my patio caddie for six years . The only thing that has worn is the igniter and the heat plate . It cooks great . My only negative is that in the winter it ca n't keep the temperature high . With only 10000 btu 's you ca n't expect that it would be able to . All in all , I have had a great experience with this little grill . I have cooked for up to eight people on this without trouble . You just have to plan out your cooking . It is very good on gas as I have filled mine only three 4 times in six years . If you love cooking on a grill and do n't want to wait for coals to heat up or have a grill that is too big for every day meals , get this little beauty . It is worth every penny.I would like to and have been looking to purchase a larger grill , but in the end the convenience and space saving attributes of the Patio Caddie have kept me from wasting my money on something bigger just so I can keep up with the Jone 's .
 Being single and loving to cook , indoors and out , this grill was the perfect size for me . I bought it in 1998 , used and abused it and left it out in the elements naked . It is still around today with the original guts and the igniter still works . I have dragged it everywhere in the back of my pickup truck . I will be purchasing a new one this year as it is really showing signs of wear . I will buy the same exact one . Bigger is not always better !
 I bought this grill in March 2004 and use it all the time . I wash the grate after every use and it is still like brand new . It does get pretty hot . I like my steak rare and it only takes a few minutes so I normally do n't put the lid on . I hang it on the side . It seems to be really efficient with gas usage too.The big grill only gets used if I have a crowd over . I reallyam pleased with it and CharBroil stands behind their products .
 I love this grill . My grill before this one was a low-rent hibachi , so anything was an improvement.The compact size is great for small patios and apartment decks . I like the heat level -LRB- although others complain they ca n't get it hot enough -RRB- because it grills sirloins medium rare , does n't burn salmon or tuna steaks , and wo n't overly char the veggies on your shishkabob . I also make a great olive bread in an iron skillet in it for 1/2 hr -LRB- take thawed frozen bread dough , knead some chopped green olives or other olives in , let rise in oiled 8 '' iron skillet , then bake for about 20-30 mins or till nicely browned-yum -RRB- . I traded my little gas tank for a bigger one at the propane store because the little tank ran out too often.It is convenient to use , heats well , cooks like a dream , and cleans up easy . All in all , a great little grill . I like the design , too - space saving and cute .
 Originally I wanted the Patio Caddie grill because a `` regular '' rectangular one was just too much . After buying it and using it I realized that I made the correct decision . The surface space is more than suitable . Another plus is that the grill grate is small enough that it can be put in the dishwasher . One downside - The tank that came with it was very small . Instead of getting it filled I opted to go to Home Depot and use their tank rental program -LRB- Blue Rhino -RRB- . The regular 20lb tank fits under the grill with no problems . I 'll use the tiny tank for a camping trip ! There are a few optional items available for the grill -LRB- Condiment basket , shelf , and cover -RRB- . For some reason the Char Broil web page does n't list them . I called their support 800 number and the person at Char Broil could n't locate a picture or link to forward to me . Supposidly , the info is in their catalog that I requested . All in all the grill is nice . Fits perfectly in the corner of my deck . I bought a cheap $ 7.00 smoker grill cover to cover it with until I can get the one made for the actual grill .
 This is a perfect grill for small groups . I typically only grill for my wife and I so the size is perfect . It was n't too difficult to assemble and the parts machining is excellent , everything fit together very well . I have only 2 problems with this grill . First , the hangers you attach to the lid to allow you to hang the lid from the side of the grill are quite a pain when placing the lid . Makes it difficult for the lid to fit snugly . Not a problem , I 'll just take the hangers off as they do n't work that well anyway . Second , I grilled on it 2 days ago , on a fairly calm day weather wise . For some reason the flame kept going out . Took me an hour to grill 4 steaks , should have only taken 20 minutes . Not sure what causes this problem as I have n't ready anyone else experiencing it . It 's annoying enough that it keeps the grill from getting 5 stars .
 Have had one for three years . My wife can use it with no problem.It cooks our meals with ease , and the food comes out great . The 11 lb . tank is nice , but we got a bigger one , because the smaller one ran out to fast . The grill cooks great for two or for ten -LCB- which we have done -RCB- . Would not trade it for a bigger one .
 My father spent $ 3000 + on a new stainless grill that he slaves to keep clean . I bought a Caddie with the idea that I could get a new one every year for the next 25 years to match his expense . Turns out our first Caddie lasted ~ 7 years . Lid dents , rust , heavy grease build up , etc. . For $ 139 you ca n't beat this grill and my new one came with thermostat and the larger -LRB- 4.5 gal -RRB- tank . I transferred the side shelves -LRB- option -RRB- over from my original . If you like lid cooking you will love this affordable high quality Q. I usually sear on high heat then turn down gas to low an put on lid - result is nothing short of excellent.Pros ? Flexible heating options , great grill material , excellent overall quality and food is fantastic.Cons ? I wanted black again but did n't see it here on Amazon . The dark green color is acceptable though.Recommend getting a cover for it but not the $ 25 cover from Caddie . Get The Char-Broil 4714 Heavy Duty Water Smoker Cover fits great and is less than $ 10 .
 I think this is a great grill . We had ours for 5 years and one day it came up missing off of our deck . We were devestated to say the least . We had made a road trip from Omaha to St , Joseph to buy this grill 5 years ago at Lowes . When the grill stolen we started to look for another only to find out they did not carry them anymore . We were just happy to find another one on amazon.com . The grill fired up every time and cooked our food to perfection .
 The others ' comments are spot on regarding the size and convenience of this grill , especially for those dining solo or in small groups.My only complaint is that the grill does n't generate a lot of heat . If I pre-heat it with the top on , it 'll get up to 500F or so , but opening it up to put on food or flip things causes the heat to drop to about 375F pretty quickly -LRB- even on high -RRB- .
 This is the best grill that anyone can find for the price and the space it takes up on the deck ! It does get a little hot on low and should be checked on anyway when grilling ! Enough room to easily feed 4 adults -LRB- steaks , chops , fish , corn , ect -RRB- . You wo n't go wrong with this grill if space is a problem !!!!
 This grill is the best ! Its compact , takes up very little space on my small patio , easy to operate , easy to move , and easy to clean . And , it does a great job of grilling ! Its ready to use as soon as you turn it on , no waiting for smokey charcoal too heat up . It cooks fast and the food tastes great . I do n't miss charcoal at all . The lightweight tank is easy to refill and lasts a good long time . I was grilling at least five nights a week from December to May before I had to refill .
 I am really confused when I read the reviews that say there is nowhere to put the lid , and that the included tank is not a standard size , and that there is no flame.Either Char-Broil has listened to customer feedback , or people just did n't take the time to put the grill together correctly , but I do n't have either of these issues.The tank included in mine was a standard size , the same ones used in the grill-exchange programs.And the lid on mine has 4 clips that allow you to hang the lid off the side of the grill.Also , mine has a very nice flame . The burner is about the size of a saucer plate , and I had flames coming up over that about 1.5 inches.Cooked a couple of steaks tonight , and I was very happy with the grill . I like my steaks well done , and I spent about 18 minutes cooking them , and they turned out perfectly .
 Best most convenient LP grill I 've ever had - bought it 6 years ago , dragged it across the country twice . It 's seen blistering heat , snow and monsoon-like rains and it 's still going strong . Was easy to put together - no maintenance required - great for small and large gatherings . Will buy a new one next spring only because replacing the parts is probably more expensive .
 I am ordering my 4th Patio Caddie Gas Grill over about a 15 year period , with practically daily use . I have cooked chicken , steak , ribs , pork , vegetables on this grill , and in my opinion have had the best results than with any other grill I have owned in my life . This grill seers the meat to a fine crisp on the outside , locking in juices and flavor on the inside . Try cooking boneless chicken breast on this grill - I dare you to find jucier chicken anywhere , even in a fine restaurant . I believe there is something in the grill 's cooking design that makes it cook unlike any other grill . Even my wife agrees it cooks the best rib-eye she 's ever had - bar none ! We are a family of four , and this grill is perfect for us at home , camping , parties , or any time . It 's the only gas grill I will purchase .
 Having been impressed with a family member 's Patio Caddie , we decided to order one for ourselves and could not be happier with our purchase . Everything arrived on time and in perfect condition .
 This has to be on of the best grills out there if your cooking for less than 8 people . I paired mine with a full size propane tank when i could n't ship the small one through the moving company ... fits perfectly . I have had the grill for 10 + years and a third of the time without a cover . Grill still looks great , starts everytime and cooks great . I have cooked for 25 people on this thing for a fourth of july party ... not everyone ate at once ... so it worked out . Great Grill !!!
 My Patio Caddie grill is ten years old , and I would recommend it to anyone who has limited space or a limited budget and does not need a lot of fancy features . The cooking area is a bit more than 15 inches in diameter , and holds 2-3 steaks or 3-4 burgers or 4-6 hot dogs.I use my grill about once a week on average and in ten years the only thing I 've had to replace is the cast-iron burner shield , which was kind of a pain because the three supports and screws were totally rusted/burned and I had to use a bolt cutter to remove them ! Also , the plastic handle on the cover broke early-on , but I repaired it with epoxy glue and duct tape.As others have noted , this grill works best with the cover closed . Otherwise , it loses too much heat to cook things quickly . Unfortunately , when the cover is closed meat tends to cook at the same rate all the way through ; it 's difficult to sear the outside while keeping the center rare or medium rare . I wish there were an easy way to prop the cover part way open!The grilling surface is made of high-quality ceramic coated cast iron . Mine is still in great shape after ten years!I have mixed feelings about the small propane tank . One tankful lasts me about a year , but getting it filled is kind of a hassle as none of the places that do tank exchanges accept the smaller tanks.If you can live with its limitations , I would recommend the Patio Caddie . I gave it 4 stars ; if Amazon allowed half-star ratings , I would have gone with 3.5 stars .
 We had this grill for 7 years . It went with us from apartment balcony to new homes . It was great . Yeah , I 'll agree there were some `` cold '' spots , but honestly , it was fine . The only reason we do n't have it now is that we moved out of state and it would n't fit in our moving truck . I miss it ! Now I 'm looking to buy a new one ! It 's perfect for our small family !
 Char-Broil Patio Caddie Gas GrillThis is our second Patio Caddie and it is the perfect size for two people , but can accommodate food for 6-8 . Compact , convenient , fairly easy to assemble . Highly recommend for anyone who does n't need or want a huge grill .
 I was pleased with the prompt arrival of the grill . I ordered it as a Christmas gift for my mother and received free shipping which was great as well . The lid handle was broken in the box upon its arrival -LRB- I did not discover this until about two days before Christmas when I was assembling the grill -RRB- . I called Char Broil and they were very helpful . They sent out a new handle at no charge to me . I did not receive the handle in time for Christmas , but it arrived the next week . They have not used the grill yet , but the customer service is great !
 I bought this grill for my dad for Christmas . We bought him the same one 5 years ago and he loved it . They live in a condo and need something small and still be able to entertain with it . We replaced it because the old one had seen its day.The shipping time was excellent .
 Relatively easy to put together . Works fine . Perfect size for a smaller patio/balcony area .
 I 've purchased this grill as a floor model over six years ago . It grills great for two people or more . I 've grilled two steaks , two large baked potatoes and three ears of corn on it just fine . Never had any unevenness even with all items on at the same time . I grill throughout summer and winter . As a previous reviewer noted I have to replace the igniter and heating plate-I have the parts -LRB- total $ 35 including shipping -RRB- just have n't gotten around to it . I did upgrade to a larger tank.And it can be a portable grill . Because its small and light weight , I have brought to other homes as an extra grill to have on hand . With that being said , because it is light weight and I live in a windy area , it did blow away once . It received several dents , but still worked great . I have some rocks to hold it down when not in use . My only reason for not giving 5 stars is because when its windy , the flame continually blows out and that concerns me for safety reasons-one of the reasons I 'm contemplating a new grill . Otherwise , I highly recommend .
 I really like this grill ! It is small and works great for a family of 3 . There is no place to hang the lid , and it 's `` low '' setting is still pretty warm , but I would still recommend it to anyone looking for a great economical grill .
 This does a great job if you are cooking small items -LRB- hamburgers , hotdogs , small chicken or roast -RRB- . I 've had mine for 3 years now with no problems . Only knock is that its small so if you 're cooking for more than 4 you 'll need something bigger .
 Just recently purchased and put together . Assembly was easy -LRB- although it helps to have someone for a couple of the steps -RRB- and the unit has worked beautifully . For what it is designed to do , which is to prepare smaller meals , it is a great match . I have a small porch area and dont like the electric grill options so this was the perfect alternative . The smaller 14 # tank is nice too .
 Good Grillin ' . Very easy to assemble -LRB- less than an hour -RRB- . Easy to use . Space-saving design . Happy bank account and tummy .
 This is my first outdoor grill & it 's amazing . It 's not only cute space-saving ; it grills perfectly ! I was concerned when I read the reviews , but went ahead and purchased it anyway . A 2 inch thick London Broil took about 10 minutes to cook to medium-rare . Perfectly . And I 've never grilled a steak in my life ! In addition , it 's a breeze to clean ; the grill surface is non-stick and since it 's so small , you can just remove it and wipe it off . When this grill wears out , I 'll buy another one just like it ! I 'm very pleased with my purchase .
 When I -LSB- received the item -RSB- parts ... were missing from my box -LSB- but -RSB- get them shipped to me ... I received all of the missing parts and only ran into one more problem . The burner tube did n't quite reach the gas valve . According to the instructions the tube should overlap the valve by about 1/4 - 1/3 of an inch . Mine was about 1/3 - 1/2 of an inch short . I bent the tube slightly and made up most of the difference , the rest was made up with muffler sealer.After all this I finally got to cook on the grill , a couple of big juicy T-bone steaks . I really like this grill because it does n't flare up easily . The burner is a small 1/2 inch pipe that sits under a round , cast iron plate that is about 8 inches in diameter . The grilling surface sits high above this plate and the bricks . This design is good at keeping direct flames away from your food . My old , full size grill had to be watched continually for flareups . This grill was great , I threw the steaks on , flipped them once and then chowed down . No flareups at all . It gets plenty hot so I think it would n't have a problem with a cut up chicken or two or about 6 burgers . This grill is great for what it is designed for ...
 We bought this grill because we had already used one that my parents have , and we 're very happy with it . It 's small enough that you do n't feel bad firing it up for one burger , and it 's big enough to feed a family . My daughter just ordered hers after they had dinner with us ... Easy to assemble , and easy to use .
 We love this BBQ - It is just the right size for two . It is easy to roll , lid hangs on side , can bake up to 600 degrees ! We just ca n't use it enough.But wait until you have to call Customer Service , order parts -LRB- way over-priced -RRB- . Terrible experiences everytime . I 've had to go to a CS Manager and asked for help . Even then wrong parts have been shipped . This year I even fabricated a part because it was not in the parts shipment -LRB- second time this has happened -RRB- . But we love it - best BBQ we 've ever had !
 Very nice grill , My inlaws have the same one so we bought one as well . Very satisfied . Meat is good . Very efficient with the propane .
 This is the second one I 've purchased . The first one lasted 14 years . It is great for grilling for one or two people . Assembly is a breeze ! The most appreciated feature is the domed lid which circulates the smoke and gives the food a very nice flavor . The least favorite feature is the flimsy ignitor wire which was broken when I received mine . I do n't use it anyway . One day the manufactureer will make one that lasts .
 Small and compact gas grill . Ideal for people who live in apartments and have limited space . Single burner does reasonably well in the cooking process . It is fairly easy to move . The handle used to move the grill is secured to one of the legs and is not very strong .
 This was a terrific buy because replacement parts I needed for my existing Patio Caddie would have exceeded this purchase.Now I have another 5yrs of BBQUEING to look forward to .
 I have had this model grill for -LRB- sitting outside -RRB- ten years and it is still in good condition . It cooks great . Highly recommend !
 Whoever wrote the instructions for this grill should live in China ... . Ah maybe that 's my problem ! I already owned one of these grills and I was so confuscioused I almost had a mental breakdown putting the second one together ... . Product is great ... Instructions horrible ! ... . I would like 10 minutes alone with instruction writer !
 I 've had this grill about a year now . I would have rather not had to assemble it , but once it was together , it worked great . I wish there were some hooks for grilling utensils , or a fold out shelf to put things on , but otherwise it 's perfect .
 This is our third Patio Caddie grill . The other two we gave to our sons and they are still using them . They seem to last forever . They are the easiest to clean . I just spray a grease cutter inside and wipe out . We use it all winter long .
 I think I bought mine 10 years ago . I have replaced the guts twice ; had my husband weld a copper pot bottom on it to replace the bottom when it got week from use ; I just cleaned it this week with oven cleaner and replaced the briquettes ; I have had to tell my son who lives nearby that `` No '' he ca n't have my grill ; I am going to order another set of guts and a new plastic cover today . The size is just right for a small deck-super easy to clean . If I get another grill , it will be another one of these and maybe my son can have this one ! I have transported it to other locations and it is easy to carry and move since it is not so big . LOVE IT , LOVE IT , LOVE IT !!!
 This grill is the perfect size for a small area beside our gazebo . Assembly was relatively easy . There was a small warranty issue which was handled expertly by Char Broil customer service -LRB- Thanks Jennifer -RRB- .
 I 've owned the Char-Broil Patio Caddie for quite a few years and I am currently on my 2nd grill . For those looking for a compact grill to use on a small patio or balcony , I believe that this is the best grill that you 'll find.I 'm not sure if the other reviews mention this or not , but this grill does accept a full-size propane cannister , so you can just swap it out at your local drug or hardware store when it 's empty . My grill did come with the smaller cannister , but I bought it quite awhile ago , so perhaps they no longer do . If yours does n't , it 's no great loss , in my view , because once again , I 've never used the smaller cannister . Just get yourself a full-sized one and it will last a lot longer.The temperature gauge seems very accurate and the grill is quite durable . I figure that this grill should last you about 5-6 years , with regular use . I 'd definitely recommend it and I 'd also suggest buying the cover to keep it looking nice on the outside as well .
 This is the second one of these grills that we have owned . It 's an excellent choice for families with two to four people , and familes with a small deck . Our first one rusted out after sitting outside in New England weather for over five years . We would definitely buy this grill again .
 This is my 2nd one and perfect ! Both my sister and my niece now owns one and love it . It 's amazing how much will fit on the grill and does n't burn . On propane it 's real frugal . Kind of like a weber in size . I cover mine with a black large trash sack that works well for the elements on the deck . I highly recommend this product at the price . I have spent much more for much less in the end . I hope they keep making them because I will be a buyer .
 compact , simple , it does the job and tucks away . For those with small patios or who do n't want a monstrous thing outside this is perfect . It took me a couple of hours to assemble but was only somewhat difficult . The tank fits on the base so the footprint is as small as possible . The lid hooks on the side so the old problem of where to put the scalding lid is solved . I love it . I can cook for 1 - 4 or 5 , depending on sides like corn , etc. .
 Purchased this grill for cookouts with up to 4 people , it is the perfect size . Entire surface maintains a uniform heat . The 14 lb propane tank advertised was actually a FULL SIZED 18 # tank , packed in the grill box . This is the perfect grill for a couple . I purchased it to replace a larger grill I owned , which used more propane and had an inconsistant heat over the cooking surface . Just wish I could have bought a RED one . This grill is an awesome value for the money .
 We are very happy with it . It saves space and gets the job done . We have a small patio , so this is useful . Only one negative , it would be nice if you could raise and lower the grilling surface . Sometimes , I want a lot more heat .
 I live in Phoenix , Arizona where we have very mild/hot weather all year long . I use my grill -LRB- in my Arizona Room -RRB- throughout the entire year . I even bake in it . My kitchen oven is used very rarely now . This is so great I may buy even buy another one for myself and have both grills going on either side of my patio doors . This is a double keeper . It makes grilling a joy !
 Great grille for condo or apartment dwellers that are limited on outdoor space . It cooks just like a big grill , without the bulk . The smaller than standard gas tank is a bit of a problem , as you have to find a place that fills them . None of the more common locations that trade out the tank will take this small size . I 'll probably end up replacing it with a standard size -LRB- larger -RRB- tank .
 This grill works fine , so far . However , the first one we received -LRB- and that was shipped directly from the manufacturer -RRB- arrived with no legs in the sealed box . Amazon replaced it almost immediately , but the replacement , while it did arrive with legs , had two legs that were bent and needed to be hammered -LRB- and therefore dented -RRB- inward in order to assemble it . Although the grill works fine so far -LRB- hence the 4 stars -RRB- , I would think twice before I bought another Char Broil Patio Caddie product . The only reason we did not return it after the second one arrived with bent legs was b/c our stove/oven was not working and we were desperate for something on which to cook meals !
 Easy to assemble . Took about one hour . The only damage in transit was the grease catcher which was easily hammered into shape . Found propane about 3 miles from home to fill container . Steaks grilled on Patio Gas Grill were wonderful . Time given for grilling instructions were right on .
 We got this grill about a month ago and we grill on it almost everyday ! We love the compact size and convenience of propane . We have had no trouble searing any of the meats or fishes that we have grilled . I would definitely recommend this grill .
 This is my 2nd Patio Caddie gas grill . I have tried many grills through the years and this is my favorite . Does not cook too fast like some of the others.Good shopping experence with Amazon.com also .
 super great grill . also try the new cermanic flavor hickory smokethey are great
 This is the perfect Apartment/Condo small patio BBQ . I currently have a small patio area and this fits in it nicely . I have cooked for up to four people , steaks , chicken , hot dogs , and there always just enough room , but tight when you add corn on the cob . You do also have to have the lid on to have adequate heat . I would recommend this product for individuals with small areas or people wanting to have a BBQ on the go . If you cook for larger groups or want to cook without the lid always on , then you may want a larger unit .
 Bought this for my husbands birthday and he loves it . The non-stick type grill is very easy to clean , stuff still sticks to it a bit , but there 's no need to use a metal brush - just pop it in the sink and give it a good wipe down . Perfect size for small garden or patio or just for couples who dont need a large grill - though we have successfully managed to feed a bunch of people with this grill.Love it !!
 I have been using these grills for over 4 years without any problems . The original unit was the electric model which is used in a condo in Avalon , NJ . Due to condo bylaws , we are restricted from using gas grills so this unit was an immediate hit ... 6 out of 9 condo unit owners purchased the grill . The other , gas model performs its duty year round in a townhouse in West Chester , PA. . The performance , size and appearance of these grills just ca n't be beat in a limited space condition .
 You could n't have convinced me to own a gas grill , but I moved upstairs in an apartment whose rules were we HAD to use gas grills . I found this little gas grill to be inexpensive and small enough not to take up the whole porch so I gave it a try . I live alone , but I have made meals for two and I just love my little Patio Caddie . All summer long , I barbecue and in the 4 years I 've had this grill I 've filled up the tank twice ! It cost about 8 dollars each time . -LRB- I take it to the Uhaul shop and they fill it up -RRB- After summer , I put on the cover and when summer comes back I pull it off and one click starts this grill up as if it was never down . For the smoky taste , I just soak the wood pieces , place them on top wrapped in foil with a opening for the smoke to release , and the flavor of chicken and steaks is fantastic . LOOK NO FURTHER . . this is the best gas grill made !
 I am a charcoal griller by nature . But , I ca n't use my Weber right now , so I saw the patio caddie and got one to get me through the summer . I love it ! I do n't like gas grills because I feel that they do n't get the right heat , and it 's hard to control , and this one is like that . But , that being said , to grill a steak or fish or veggies , this is great . The small footprint is super , it was n't too bad to assemble , and it 's so convenient to use . I will always recommend a `` real '' grill over a gas grill , but for a gas grill , I love this one .
 Great little gas grill . It 's just the wife and me now and I did n't need a humungeous propane hog . The whole thing reeks of quality from it 's heavy duty grill to the sturdy legs.This grill was easy to put together which is an unusual comment coming from this klutz.I 've cooked everything from wings to burgers to steaks so far .
 Outside of some difficulty with the manual 's directions , this is very easy to assemble . I love the temperature gage , the easy-to-clean grill which can easily handle four good-size steaks , the dimensions which permits it to fit on a small patio and the clips on the unit 's top so it does n't slide around . My only complaint is that it is somewhat difficult to move because of the placement of the handle and the wheels .
 If you 're looking for a twenty square foot grill with a kitchen sink , rotisserie , and eyebrow plucker , look elsewhere . If you want a simple grill for cooking your burgers , this will do it.My mother in law bought one of these back in 2003 or so and has been using it without problems ever since . I have always liked it and when my wife and I were shopping for grills , I was thrilled to find the very grill I was looking for.I simply like this size . The obsession with enormous square grills that take up half the back porch is bizarre to me . I just want a simple grill that cooks my and my wife 's dinner . This could even easily cook dinner for six to eight people . There are so few small gas grills on the market . There are some small charcoal grills , but I find the taste of charcoal objectionable .
 Char-Broil Patio Caddie Gas GrillI 'm very happy with the grill . It works very well and provides an even heat .
 We love this grill . This is actually the second one we bought . Had one about 5 years ago , gave it to my mom to buy a big fancy grill . Today we just bought a new patio Caddy . The big one sucked down fuel and I could have cooked for a army on that thing . So we went to the much smaller and easier to store in the shed , Caddy . My mom still has our old one which is now closing in on 10 years old . For a couple or small family this is a great grill . A + + + all the way
 Just bought my second patio caddy . A few things I really like about it : Compact - does n't take up much room and looks goodCooks for two to four people - you do n't waste gas - the tank lasts a long time.Grill is ceramic and very easy to clean in sinkIgniter is excellent - last one never broke !
 This grill is the perfect grill for a small patio or deck or back alley . I was scared about cooking with propane instead of charcoal , at first , but after several successful lightings , I gained confidence . And since then , I 've been grilling everything in site . I never use my stove anymore . I 'm not what you would call `` skilled in the kitchen '' , yet everything I put on this grill tastes great . So the grill must be magical , I 've concluded.You do n't even have to clean it . Because the scraps from the last thing you cooked help flavor the next thing you 're cooking . This grill is sweet , like that .
 This is the 2nd one I have owned , and the 4th one I have given as a gift . In my opinion its the BEST grill ever for a patio , takes very little space and works likes a champ .
 We are an older couple , retired , have a small deck . We did not want a big gas grill taking up most of our space , We did not want to be bothered with the time and mess that goes with a smaller charcoal grill . When we found the Patio Caddy -LRB- a friend had one -RRB- we could not wait to order it and use it very often . It heats fast , cooks in a hurry and cools down fast . It is great and just perfect for us . Liked it so much we bought one as a gift for a single daughter . It 's easy for her to operate and she loves it too .
 My fiance and I were looking in vain for a gas grill that could fit on our back deck . . shared with two neighbors in the middle of the city . Needless to say , there 's not a lot of room . All of the grills we found were monstrous ! Some friends suggested looking on the web -- and that 's what brought us to Amazon and the Patio Caddie ! We are quite happy with it
 I 've owned this griil for 3 years . It cooks evenly and has held up to the elements nicely . It 's not a big grill - perfect for enough food for up to 3 people . I 've never made a better investment in a grill . I think most people would really like this item .
 I bought one of these grills three years ago to replace the standard aging $ 100 gas grill . It heats up quickly and cooks very nicely . The grill has wide flat porcelein bars instead of the thin chromed wires you would expect at this price . The lid has a thremometer built in , a nice touch . The grill is round , which does n't leave hot and cold spots like some rectangular grill exhibit . The burner design is very simple , the top of the gas tube opens beneath a round cast heating plate which distributes heat very evenly . After three years , the grill shows no signs of aging.My ex-wife got the grill , so I just bought another one yesterday . The quality and great features are still there .
 After extended use , I have to be fair and upgrade this grill to 5 stars from my original 4 star rating . The heat is correct for grilling .
 Having owned this grill now for at least 4 years , I think it is the best grill I 've ever owned -LRB- I 've owned at least 20-30 -RRB- . We cook out at least 3 times a week . Rebuild grill with about $ 50 worth of parts just over a year ago . Must of cooked on this grill about 600-800 times . Best flavor , least flare-up , easiest to clean , usually just scape grill with puddy knife , and uses the least amount of fuel . Fuel usage is unbelievable , about 150 usages to 20 lb tank . I am going to purchase a second one just in case they quit making them . By the way try cooking beef roast on this grill using lots of worchestershire and seasoning salt .
 This grill is the best ! Its compact , takes up very little space on my small patio , easy to operate , easy to move , and easy to clean . And , it does a great job of grilling ! Its ready to use as soon as you turn it on , no waiting for smokey charcoal too heat up . It cooks fast and the food tastes great . I do n't miss charcoal at all . The lightweight tank is easy to refill and lasts a good long time . I was grilling at least five nights a week from December to May before I had to refill .
 We love it . It heats fast & cooks evenly . Easy to clean . It 's just perfect for the 2 of us ... although you could cook enough for more .
 I have had this grill for the past 8 years and it was time to get a new one . I love it ! It is great in small spaces . I also like the fact that the cooking area is small , which works for my needs . I cook on it probably 2 to 3 times a week and because you only need to heat a small area it is very efficient . I only need to fill a regular size fuel tank about once a year.I would recomend this grill to anyone that is single or has a small family . When it comes to entertaining it is a little difficult , but I just wrap whatever I first cook in foil to keep it hot while I cook anything that is still needed . It really is a great grill !!
 When assembling the grill , I got to the very last step -LRB- # 15 -RRB- before finding out the lid was missing three important holes . I would have drilled them myself except I really could n't figure out precisely where to put them . I had invested some effort into assembly so rather than contact Amazon for a new grill , I called the customer service number provided by the Manufacturer so I could just get a new lid . What I got was an apology for the part being wrong and an apology for taking so long on the phone . I was promised a new part within 7-10 work days and 4 days later the package was at my door when I got home . 4 star rating due to the initial defective part , but 10 stars for customer service 's genuinely friendly attitude and prompt action . With the new part installed , this product is solidly built and heats nicely ... perfect for small families . Looks like it will last longer than others I have had over the years .
 I 've owned the same Patio Caddie for over 10 years now ! It grills beautifully over clay briquettes , giving that great smoke flavor and does it all on a fraction of the propane . The key to getting lots of heat from a tiny burner is cooking COVERED . I even bought a kit to retrofit the burner plate and made the old grill like new again for $ 20 ! It 's a small grill , but will cook six large steaks all at once .
 Despite the price of propane right now , this grill is the best if your working with linited deck/patio space . It cooks food evenly and is a cinch to use . The brickettes -LRB- first batch included ! -RRB- give it that smokey grilled flavor . I highly recommend . Assembly takes a little while because there 's a lot of parts but the juice is worth the squeeze ! Enjoy !
 Hands are fairly cheaply made , but as long as you do n't pay full retail price you get your monies worth for around $ 12 . Not worth the price where some vendors are asking $ 19 . Good for long term use where electronically operated min . / max . thermometers are not well suited . Made in China . High and low needles are reset by an additional needle that you manually move to move the high and low needles back to the actual temperature needle . Some Seller 's description talk about using a magnet to reset ... this is incorrect for the Springfield High-Low Thermometer # 90104 . Would buy again at discounted prices from full retail price .
 I had this thermometer in my green house but had broken it . This replacement was exactly like the old one . Accurate and clear . Easy to use .
 I 've got three of these and have used them all for over 15 years . They all work well even though the reset pointers are tricky.The ones I 'm using indoors are still in excellent condition . The one that I 've had outdoors for a number of years has degraded plastic and is difficult to read.I recommend this model as a good buy for the price .
 Records the high and low temperature until you reset . Easy to use and accurate
 Great tool for monitoring the min/max temps in an area . I use it in my brew closet so I know what kind of temps my fermentor is getting throughout the day/night . The min/max hands are a bit twitchy and can stick or jump pretty easily when resetting them but this is n't a huge inconvenience . Once reset it seems to accurately read the min/mix range without slippage or sticking.The provided hardware is great for mounting the thermometer and the swing arm style is handy for putting it somewhere out of the way but still being able to get to it to read it .
 You manually turn the dial to easily reset for the days you need to keep track of the highest and lowest temps in your specific area . I recently put one above my floating row cover , and one below it to see how much this helped keep my temps above freezing . It is useful in the garage during the winter for storage of bulbs that need to be kept above freezing . I wished the postage for 2 bought together could have been lower , but that is my only complaint .
 This is an excellent thermometer . It has a 5 3/4 in face so can be read from a fair distance . I 've had it about a year . The needles are little to loose so they will move if it is real windy . Recently the v-shaped end of the red needle warped so that white reset needle could n't get past it reset the maxi side . It is 10 degrees above . I brought in the house and after about an hour went to play with it . I discovered that the red needle since it warmed up was n't warped anymore . No use taking back out to do it again so since it was warmed up I stuck a knife down between the plastic frame and the lense and very carefully pried out the ouside moulding and lifted up and out came the lense . I then bent the red needle down so it nearly touches the face so it should n't be a problem anymore .
 This was just what I was looking for . I have a greenhouse and like to keep a thermometer inside and out . This is my replacement for outside - it is simple and easy to read and I can see it from my window .
 This is exactly what I 've been looking for . In fact , I purchased two of these Min-Max Thermometers ; one for the yard and one for the garage , where I winterize some of my plants . They are easy to read , easy to reset and the price is less than other models on the market .
 I searched high and low for this particular type of thermometer for my kitchen window . I glance at it several times of the day every single day and it 's always accurate . I can mark the a.m. low temperature and the p.m. high . I hope it lasts a long time . .
 Just as the title says . I used this to close off the opening under a deck -LRB- to keep my new Labrador puppy from playing in the mud . -RRB- Took 10 days to deliver , though , but the product was perfect for the use .
 With the portable Patio Caddie Electric Grill Char-Broiler . Your summer barccue can be done in fewer hours .
 This grill is great - plug it in , wait a few minutes and you are ready to go . This is the third one of these I have purchased in the past 12-15 years . We use it at least 4 times a week .
 I had the best service out of the Char-Broil Patio Caddie Electric Grill ever , 12 years old , so I replaced it with one just like it , I have nothing to say except they just keep on performing year after year .
 This is my second Char-Broil electric patio grill and I love it . The first lasted for 8 years with pretty constant use so there was no question that I would get another when the time came . It 's perfect for a small family and we 're much more likely to use it because we can just plug it in and go instead of hauling out the charcoal . We did put lava rocks in the bottom as we think it helps make our food taste better .
 The average life of this grill is about 5 years . This is our 3rd of this same model . We love the electric grill , no fussing around with gas , lighter fluid or charcoal . The grate washes very easily . Does not dominate the covered patio area . The stores do not stock them anymore . It must be ordered online for pickup at a store or shipped directly to your home . We are a family of 2 and for our purposes the size is perfect .
 Like many of the other reviewers here , I also had to buy an electric grill because of condo association rules . Seriously , this is almost better than a regular gas grill . Taste wise , it tastes grilled , really . Grill marks and all ! I grill everything from steaks to shrimp . Heats up quickly , cools quickly . I have never grilled fish though , because unlike gas , i ca n't burn off the smell , and I 'm too afraid to turn it all the way up . I usually cook at 350-400 degrees . Convenience wise , the only complaints are very minor . It does cool VERY quickly when you remove the lid , so you must be prepared and work quickly . It is a bit inconvenient that the lid must be completely removed to access the grill -LRB- usually resulting in me putting it on the ground . -RRB- Otherwise , I am so happy I have this grill . It is a great grill , alternative or not .
 We have had one of these things sitting outside for 6 years . Never covered never cared for and used like crazy all summer long . It has even blown off the deck twice and we just stand it up stick it all back together and keep on grilling . Maybe 6 years ago they were made better but when this one finally dies we will definitely get another one . Even with the bad reviews I think it 's worth the risk of another 6 years of happy grilling . And ours gets plenty hot . Thick rib eye 7 min . flip , 6 min . off . Perfect . And the price is also perfect .
 Just purchased this grill for the second time ... had the first one for over 15 years ... cooks food very fast and easy to use ... I cook my food In a piece of foil and never even have to clean the grill ... the only negative ... the grill comes In a million pieces .
 I love my Char-Broil Patio Caddie Electric Grill ! This is my 2nd grill , the first one needs replacement parts -LRB- Heating element & Thermostat -RRB- when found , the cost is almost much as buying a new grill . I would love my grill much better if the replacement parts were more reasonable !
 I bought this for my boyfriend for xmas b \ c we put our big gas grill away for winter , he set this up and put it in our garage and we have grilled a few times on it from steaks to burgers and have enjoyed the way the food cooked . It is durable and compact . A great buy .
 Just received our second grill . Our first lasted ten years , then the thermostat went out and a replacement was $ 50 plus shipping . A new one on Amazon was just a little over $ 100 , so we opted to just replace it . We call this our `` chick grill '' as all you do is plug it in and go . Living in the South , we grill at least a couple of times a week year round . We use this for everything and it all comes out perfect . Could n't live without it !!!
 We had one given to us as a wedding present 9 1/2 years ago and have utilized it immensely through all the seasons . We were devastated when the heating element finally went out . We HAD to have another one for the amount of use and the small size it is for our condo balcony . It 's a great product !!
 I live in an apt that faces the direct sun all day long ... when someone 's propane tank blew up from the heat , I thought I 'd better get an electic b-b-q . You never have to worry about propane or lighter fluid with this . It does n't make a lot of noise and it really does n't smoke much when grilling . One night on the way home from a club with my friend , we were both starving for b-b-q , I pluged it in at 4am and had b-b-q chicken and veggies . My friend could not believe I had an electric grill and that it cooked so easily . It easy to clean up too !
 I purchased this on Aug 8th , 2008 . It did very well for me last Summer and it was stored outside for the winter . I started it up this Spring and works beautifully . I know some people have been complaining about the quality , but they probably just got some bad units ... the manufacturer will replace them and that 's that . No matter what product you make in this world , there will always be a couple of faulty units . It 's a shame that those people got them , but ... get a new one and enjoy : - -RRB-
 I have this grill . I also have a larger charcoal grill for bigger events . This grill is perfect for dinner grilling all year around . Even when the temperature drops and the snow is flying , you just plug in your grill and start grilling ! The cover is nice for grilling chicken and meat that needs to be cooked throughout . I also purchased an add on accessory , which is a shelf and a wire rack to hang the utensils on . I 've had this grill for at least 5 years and it is still in great shape . I 'm looking at one now for my father who loves mine . I recommend this grill for anyone .
 The first one was so good I decided to buy another as a spare . No fire , no flames , plug it in and you can control the temperature . The unit is well made and after fours years of constant use it still looks and works like new . The only problem is the local Lowe 's no longer sells it and until I found it on Amazon and was thrilled . Highly recommneded .
 We have a full size Ducane , but bought this grill as a smaller alternative originally so our nanny can grill outside for the kids -LRB- healthy meals with fish and veggies -RRB- rather than stinking up the house . The full size Ducane was a little to intimidating for her with the use of gas . With this one , she just plugs it in and cooks away ! Cooks fast , cleans fast . Great investment . I recommend it for anyone with small spaces and/or not always wanting to fire up the big grill for quick meals .
 I have owned my Patio Caddie for five years and it is still grilling perfectly . Gets really hot quickly and holds the temp very well . Yes , you do need to keep the lid on , but that allows you to watch the temperature because the gauge is on the lid . I even grilled my 14 pound Thanksgiving turkey last month and it was moist , juicy and cooked all the way through . Just oil it and brown both sides first starting with breast side down -LRB- or you can do this in the oven first before stuffing if you want -RRB- and then give it a foil jacket underneath and about 3/4 up the sides . My turkey was even stuffed and it grilled perfectly . I would suggest a meat thermometer in the thigh meant to be left in while grilling - eliminates any guess work . I have heard people say that changing the foil liner is difficult and that they are expensive . I have never changed mine -LRB- only the briquets from time to time -RRB- and have not had any problems . You will be very pleased with this item .
 A wonderful product . It arrives unassembled and was a bear to put together -- however we are not the handy types . The 800 helpline was soon on speed dial.Once assembled , the patio caddy is a jewel . Compact , easy to use , easy to clean , almost invisible on our deck . It 's even somewhat portable on its little wheeled base . For the money a great investment ... just the right size for us and the way we entertain .
 Hey this grill is better than charcoal . Add the bricuets provided and you have tasty , juicy , tender steaks and chicken even when the steaks are well done ! Vegetables also cook up wonderfully well . To make clean up easy just wipe your grate with cooking oil prior to each use . No scrubbing needed . As a women i found the grill easy to assemble . You ca n't go wrong . Lastly Char-Broil 800 toll free telephone service is excellent , even on sundays !
 This is the best small grill you can buy . Our priority was a small footprint , and that 's what we got . It uses a minimal amount of space and produces the same delicious results as the most expensive large grill . I am a 50 year old woman who is pretty easily frustrated by mechanical devices , but found this easy to build . In fact , I built two of them one summer because my neighbor was so amazed at the quality and ease of use of this grill . The instructions were easy to read and follow . Amazon has an excellent price . I paid more for mine . Buy the plastic cover so you do n't have to clean the outside of the grill , too .
 I got this grill back in 1998 and it is still going . It is great for 1-2 people , takes up very little space , cook very similar to a gas grill and there is no tank to fill . I do find the top a little cumbersome . . what does one do with it once it is lifted . Also , not enought space is trying to feed a lot of people . For me it really fits my need .
 Char-Broil 's Patio Caddie is one product that really delivers . Assembly is a piece of cake
 I 've grilled four times on this grill so far and have been very pleased with it . It 's probably about as close to charcoal/gas grilling as you 'll get with an electric grill . With care and common sense , it is not difficult to put together if you have the right tools -LRB- manual specifies these -RRB- . As others have noted , you can lose quite a bit of heat with the cover off , so you get best results by keeping that to a minimum . Contrary to some comments , there is a provision for hanging the lid while you work on the grill . This is illustrated at the Char-Broil website
 I never liked gas or electric grills , but this one has changed my mind . Heats up quickly , temp is easy to control , easy to assemble , convenient to move . Ours is still in very good shape after a year of heavy use .
 This past year , I moved into a town home community which I later learned does not allow charcoal or gas grills . I am an avid griller and a religious charcoal user . I swear by a weber kettle grill and a charcoal chimney . So I ended up with this electric grill . Now first you need to understand that this is not the equivalent of charcoal or gas . You will not be able to duplicate the subtle effects that you get from tending a charcoal fire . I do n't believe that anyone that is selling an electric grill will try to pass it off as the equal of charcoal or gas or at least they should n't . All things considered this little grill is really a great product.The heating element heats up quickly and evenly . The briquettes help to spread the heat evenly and they did add some flavor/aroma . The grilling surface is smaller than I would like but certainly adequate for a meal for a family of four . The grate of the grill is sturdy and heavy . It is coated so it cleans off in the sink easily with a sponge and some dish soap . We cooked asparagus , squash , and scallops perfectly . I am very pleasantly surprised . Thanks to this item , I can grill again . If you find yourself in the same predicament that I did where you are a grill man but the HOA wo n't allow your old stand by , I highly recommend this grill .
 I 've been reading the reviews on this bbq , and decided to write one up . I finally gave up mine this winter . I purchased it in spring of 2001 and have used it year round since then . My son and I totally cleaned it with a steam cleaner and elbow grease once in 2004 , and if I had cleaned it again a year or 2 ago , I would still have it , but he moved away and I did n't do it myself ! As others have said , it cooks just about anything you want - it 's small , but for 2-5 people is big enough . I have actually crammed 3 chickens -LRB- cut up -RRB- on it ! And , boy did they taste good ! I gave this 5 stars because it definitely outlasted any gas bbq I 've ever had , and worked better to boot . Now , there are a few items I wish were better . First , the little pan under the hole to catch grease always leaked and made the base pretty messy , which then dripped on my patio , so my son took a 3 lb . coffee can and drilled 3 holes to wire it tight to the bottom of the pan . I figured I would have to empty it out , but for 5 years it did the trick and I never had to empty it -LRB- it did n't smell either , which rather surprised me -RRB- . Second , I actually did n't like the briquettes - they got so messy so quickly that I did have small fires when I was bbq ` ing meat that had more fat . However , I did n't worry too much , the fires went out when I closed the lid and actually flavored the meat nicely . Finally last summer I started to have more fires and bigger fires , to the point that I decided I had to clean the whole inside and get parts , or just start over . Since I had it for 9 years and it originally cost me about $ 100 , I decided $ 11 per year was pretty good , and gave it up.I 'm trying to decide on the next bbq now , since spring is here and I 'm antsy to grill again . CharBroil has come up with a new electric bbq , the Char Broil Patio Bistro Infrared Electric Grill , which is about $ 40 more then the original one , and I 'm very tempted to get it - it 's 320 sq. in . instead of 187 sq. in , says `` infrared '' , and has 1750 watts of power instead of 1650 . But , no one has reviewed it yet ! Yikes , how can we purchase one without a review?Anyone purchase the newer model yet ? Sue
 Even though the grill thermometer only read 300 degrees after 20 minutes -LRB- and never went up -RRB- , the grill was much hotter than that . Depending on the air temp and wind , it can make it seem like it 's not hot enough . We cooked 3 perfect steaks - grill marks , sizzling , medium rare just like we like it ! Do n't panic - it 's hotter than you think !
 This grill is amazing . Plug it in , dial up the temperature you want , and have delicious grilled food in no time.If you are new to grilling , and are intimidated by charcoal or gas grills , this one is for you.Get up on it !
 I bought this grill about five years and it still looks new and performs as new despite plenty of use . It is not the largest grill out there but it is perfect for fixing enough food for about four people . The temperature control works very well . I typically preheat the grill -LRB- with the lid on -RRB- for about 20 minutes for cooking . Food cooks very well and quite evenly and , as long as the top as on , you should n't get much in the way of flareups that can burn food . I am amazed at how great this grill looks after five years .
 I just love this grill . I was able to put it on the porch out of the sun . I use it several days a week to keep my kitchen cool with these 90 degree days . The grill is little to fit in a corner but big enough to fix 8 boneless chicken breasts . Heats in 15 min to be ready to grill . Comes with briquets to put in the bottom and a grease catcher to hook on the bottom .
 If you are tired of running out of propane in the middle of a BBQ this is what you need . No changing or hauling that blessed tank around . When you learn how to use the temp and the time it makes anything as good as ANY gas grill and do it in 3/4 the time . Keep the brickets and grill clean and you will love it .
 This is one of the few grills that apartment complexs will let residents have on their patios . I 've had one for three years , I love it , it cooks great . The only maintenance it has needed was to replace the reflector pans this past summer.I would highly recommend this grill to anyone .
 Excellent cooker but the one I received had a big flaw on it so I contacted customer service at Char-Broil who said they would replace but two weeks later I got a letter saying their defect replacement does not apply to Amazon orders .
 My husband purchased the Char-Broil 4654870 Patio Caddie Electric Grill last summer . We have thoroughly enjoyed using it year round . And clean up is so easy !! Nothing hard or complicated about clean up . It makes grilling that much more enjoyable . Easy to use , easy to clean and a very even grilling experience . All the fun and enjoyment while entertaining guests is a breeze . The BEST by far grill we have ever owned . Everything we have grilled -LRB- from fish , chops , sausage , ribs , chicken -RRB- has turned out to perfection . We love it ! ***** -LRB- + -RRB- stars in our book !
 I have three other grills , but my favorite gs grill croaked . I had an electric grill over 30 years ago but was n't thrilled with it . Read reviews on this one and decided it was worth a try . It acutally preheats faster than the instructions indicatc , even in cold fall midwest weather . Have cooked steaks , chicken , pork and burgers on it , all cooked fast , food juices held in , flavor great , and I did n't worry about running out of gas . Can not comment on longevity as I only have had it for two months .
 this grill is great for outdoor grilling.doesn ' t flame up.easy to care for.this is the fifth one i 've had
 This grill is AWESOME ! I 'm preparing dinner , or just a quick burger or hotdog on it . The temperature is great and it is less messy . I know longer have to wait to light the grill ... with this one just plug in and BAM start cooking!I would recommend this to everyone .
 My husband and I purchased a Patio Caddie Electric Grill 10 years ago . The only thing we had to do was replace the detatchable temperature control about 3 times . But remember , it was 10 years ago ! Just last month , we purchased a new one simply because we wore out the old one ! They have made major improvements regarding the temperature controls and it is built much sturdier and it heats even hotter than the last one . We absolutely love our electric grill . No fuss , no mess - just plug it up and start grilling ! The food cooks fabulously - it comes with a guide if you do n't kow how long to cook something . It is wonderful and we LOVE IT !
 We moved to an apartment and could not use our gas grill . My expectations were not high on an electric grill but just had to try something . I just knew I was going to miss that unmistakable grilled taste . Being a smoker grill I thought would be a good choice to try to get that taste I wanted . I was shocked ! This grill is fantastic ! I see no difference in the taste at all . I know someone reviewed there was a bit of a difference but I just do n't know what they are talking about . I 've used charcoal and gas grills . It is Much easier to use ! Heats up well and let me tell you I had it on full blast and it almost got up to 700 degrees before I realized it . So do watch this . I now use the thermostat control button as I just did n't know it would really get that hot . People talk about loss of heat upon lid removal but all grills are like this . You only become aware of this as the thermometer is right there on top of it and you are constantly looking at the temp . This is not a problem . The heat gets right back up just as with gas grills . No more scheleping to get gas refills . This grill is a gem . I highly recommend it to not only apartment dwellers but homeowners as well . I do not work for charbroil I just had to let others know this grill is all it says it is . FYI - You do need to ensure you have an appropriate high voltage outlet to plug this into . I understand if you do n't you will not be able to reach the higher heat levels . I do n't know this for sure as we have the proper outlet on our patio . This is the only issue I know could be a problem . Enjoy !
 I 've had my Patio Caddie electric grill for 10 years and it is wonderful . Totally reliable , it cooks really quickly , keeping chicken , steaks , burgers , pork , and seafood especially juicy and fresh . I highly recommend this grill -- even accomplished `` grill-masters '' are -LRB- surprised and -RRB- impressed with what I can turn out !
 The biggest loss of moving to a condominium was the restriction in our building that no charcoal or electric grill could be used on our balconies . So I check out , bought , and tried , quite a few electric grills . This one ended up the best choice for me.A lot of power for its small size gets the very heavy , porcelain grate get hot enough to sear grill marks on your food . Think of it as an upside-down broiler but with very heavy grate . For any slow cooked grilled food it 's hard to beat . Heating up in 10 minutes or so and no fuel or fire to light means it 's always ready to go for a quick meal.Note that the original ones -LRB- this is my second -RRB- come with lava rocks for the bottom under the heater like a gas grill has . That gave more smoke flavor as fat and juices burned off the rocks than this one , but took much longer to heat up .
 This grill works great . It looks good enough to be on the deck and is easy to clean . It actually gets hot enough to grill very similar to a gas grill . However , be warned -- assembly is a bear . I was ready to throw it out until I discovered that the directions were for a different model . Once I determined that and figured out assembly for myself , everything went faster . Now I know why men seldom read the directions -- they are wrong anyway .
 Received in a timely manner , in excellent condition , and it had easy to follow instructions for assembly .
 We gave our son this electric grill because he has a boat and they do not allow charcoal grills on the dock . He has used it many times and he really likes it . It does a great job on hamburgers and hot dogs . Plenty of room on grilling surface , heats up quickly , and maintains high temperature when lid is on . Food tastes great , but it 's a good idea to use plenty of seasoning on burgers . Probably a third of all the boaters on the dock have the same grill , so word of mouth regarding a good product spreads quickly . Use tin foil under grate when cooking , and cleanup amounts to disposing of the used foil . We highly recommend this product . Assembly was a breeze - took about one hour .
 Wonderfully easy and quick to use . No need to haul propane tanks . Good heat range .
 I 've had this grill for a little over 8 years and love it ! I never wanted to deal with gas so I bought this grill when we lived in our townhouse . There I had an outlet outback and we used this grill all year round . Now we moved to an apartment and it fits perfectly in a corner of our balcony and is still plugin and go ! I just use an outside extension cord and plug it in . Make sure you use ceramic briquettes for less mess and you can cover the base with heavy duty aluminum foil if your worried . I use a small metal pail to catch any grease that falls out of the little metal cup . WE LOVE IT and Thank God we have n't had to replace any parts since they are pretty expensive . It 's durable and handy ... what more can u ask 4 ?
 I have had this grill for about 3 years and it really does work well considering it is electric.The most important factor when using this grill is to let it heat up.I would say at least 10 minutes with the cover on.Once you do that your good to go . Very convenient and no running out of gas . Great for small families or work areas such as apartments or small patios .
 This is so handy . Takes about 3 minutes to heat up . No waiting and food tastes great . I already had to buy a new element but it 's worth it . -LRB- An element was $ 27 . -RRB- We use this 3 or 4 days a week .
 I have used both the gas and elecctric version of this grill . I had a gas version at home and it was simply the best . I replaced it with another gas grill after 6 years but am going back to a patio cady . I bought my first electric one to go on a house boat . It worked as good as the gas version . I bought this one as a gift for someone that did not want a gas grill . They love it .
 My patio grill was delivered quickly and was very easy to assemble.Have used it several times and love the convenience of grilling outdoors without the charcoal .
 Since I reside in a condo , we had to go downstairs and fire up the old propane grill . With the grill we just open the slider , plug in and grill what we desire . wait till it cools off . Place the grill cover on and go on . best grill we have owned every piece of meat item is grilled to perfection . a wondereful addition to our family .
 I like this grill over having a bbq because I do not have to deal with propane or charcoal . While you do use some charcoal bricks it is not like getting the big bag of charcoal . I use my grill every Sunday for football games and while some hard core bbqers/grillers might scoff at the fact that it 's electric , this thing is extremely easy to use . You simply plug it in and let heat up and then put your food on the grill . Cleaning is extremely easy in that you can just clean the grill in your sink . If your sink is n't big enough , I just use a bucket and use a little soap and water . I did buy a cover for it because it does not come with one .
 This is my 2nd Patio Caddie in 7 years . It is used year round , two to four nights per week . I live in South Central PA where winters are cold and windy . The Patio Caddie handles all weather , even wind , extremely well . On Christmas and New Years Eve , we eat charcoal broiled steaks for dinner . Perfect !! Minimal heat loss when lid is lifted . Big Negative Factor - Replacement lid and bowl liners are veeery expensive .
 I 've had my patio caddie electric grill since 1999 . I could n't ask for a better grill ! The flavor , the convenience , no butane tank to fill , etc. . I 've replaced the element once . One of my best purchases !
 This grill heats fast , maintains accurate temp , and cooks as good as my top brand gas unit . Its really terrific for a smaller apartment deck . And because its Electric it is ok to do so in many localities . I really like not having to refill a tank . The cook surface is superior . The temp gage is really easy to read . I would definatly buy another one of these in the future . That will be a long time away since this one is well made .
 This grill is perfect . We live in a condo and have limited space
 This is a great unit ! I live in a high rise and it takes up very little space on the patio . It assembles easily and it cooks just great!If you ca n't have a gas unit , this is the way to go !!! Solid and dependable . Only draw back is the grill grate , would be better if it had a non stick surface . It is not a show stopper , but other than that it is a great grill !!!!
 I 've had the electric patio caddie for a little over a year now , and it is an exceptional convenience . Living in an apartment complex where gas grills are n't allowed , the electric grill was my only viable alternative , but I did n't realize I was going to prefer it . Build quality is great , it heats up quickly enough -LRB- 10 mins or so -RRB- and can maintain grilling temperatures of 400-500 degrees . Though compact , it is large enough to feed 2-4 potential culinary critics , from steaks to seafood to the exotic , you name it . The only slight problem I 've found is that if you keep the porcelain lid off too long , the temperature can drop quickly , but for a compact grill , that 's to be expected . Cleanup is not kidergarten easy , but it 's not difficult either . Learn to use it -LRB- i.e. harness the `` force '' -RRB- , and the Patio Caddie is extremely easy to control , master , and enjoy for years to come . A gas version is also available . From this review you 'd think I work for Charbroil , but I do n't ! Great grill - 5 stars ...
 I live in an apartment , and was forced to buy an electric because no gas or charcoal grills are allowed . I picked this one , and I will say that I am very , very pleased with this grill . You still put charcoal briquets -LRB- included -RRB- into it , and it cooks VERY well , with no added tastes that you sometimes get from charcoal or gas grills . Top notch product , for a good price !
 We bought this grill after we burned up our gas grill . Maintainence is super easy -- just wash the griddle & clean out the drip cup . Every few years you may want change the lava rocks . Best of all , no getting into lp gas lines looking for spider nests ! No lugging lp tanks ! :-RRB- And this grill stores anywhere ! Electric is definitely the way to go !
 After reading some of the other reviews , I thought I 'd ad my 2 cents from my own experience.Follow the instructions step-by-step . It will lessen the chance that you 'll use the wrong screws . Remember that the smallest screws are for the legs -LRB- a point made by another reviewer and turned out to be helpful -RRB- . Also in the instructions , it says to tighten the nuts on the legs where they attach to the grill to finger-tight only - ignore it . Otherwise , the legs will be wobbly - another complaint of reviewers.The most important thing I can recommend is to go on Char-Broil 's web site and locate support for the electric patio grill . Then drill down to the model number and choose any model EXCEPT the bottom one . The reason is that the current model does not include the grate and ceramic brickets -LRB- 2.99 and 7.99 respectively -RRB- . Once you 've selected either of the other two models -LRB- it does n't matter which one -RRB- , you 'll be presented with a list of parts , where you can select the grate and ceramic brickets . It makes a big difference because with the brickets the grill will get hotter and the grill temperature wo n't drop dramatically after you lift the lid . Check out the manual for the model you select and note the maximum number of brickets and pattern used to place them on the grill -LRB- I use 8 -RRB- . I have cooked chicken , strip and flank steaks , fish , etc. , and have no complaints whatsoever of this grill 's performance . I do wish that they had used a steel insert instead of that heavy aluminum foil thing , but that 's just my opinion.Also , do n't buy the cover sold for this grill - get the Char-Broil 4714 Heavy Duty Water Smoker Cover -LRB- thanks to yet another reviewer -RRB- . It 's sturdier and has an elastic bottom so it wo n't blow away.-Hope this helps .
 I have to say that this is * probably * my fault . I absolutely love the grill -LRB- even though you really have to grill with the lid on -RRB- as I can not have gas/charcoal on my deck in my apartment . The grill definitely gets hot enough to sear a steak and , with some practice , you can cook almost as good as with gas/charcoal -LRB- I said almost -RRB- . However ... beware of fire ! My grill went up in flames the other day and now I 'm looking for a replacement -LRB- anyone from CharBroil listening ? -RRB- :-RRB- I had just changed the briquettes out not more than 3 or 4 months ago . But , apparently , the buildup of grease from meat , etc. was so high that the other night , when I sprayed the grill with Pam prior to dropping steaks down , the grease pit that was my grill caught on fire !! It started in a small side but VERY quickly spread to the entire grill . I put the flames out with a fire extinguisher and am now too afraid to try the grill again.I will be buying a new one but will most definitely be changing the briquettes on a monthly basis .
 I own three bbq grills . A propane grillcharcol grill and the electric patio caddie.The patio caddie which I use on my deck has forced the other two grills into storage.The electric grill heats up to about 700 degrees in 15 to 20 minutes and cooks burgers in 10 minutes franks in 8 minutes and chicken in about 18 minutes.It is easy to assemble and use.It is by far the best piece of hardware that I have ever bbq ` ed on.ps . I intend to use this grill throughout the winter for tailgate parties at home .
 I have had this grill for about a month now ... I did a lot of research since I had to get an electric grill -LRB- by to my complex rules -RRB- . This is a good grill . I cooks like a gas grill except you must keep it covered to cook . The food comes out great , the size is good ... I recommend it to anyone with strict complex requirements , I may actually buy one for my father as well .
 This is how confident I am about this amazing product . I have own this grill since latter part 1998 when they first came out , and purchased it at my now deceased Service Merchandise store . Every time I use it , it never cease to amaze me how great of a product it is . It 's with out a doubt the best product I have ever purchased that keeps on giving and making me happy . After just grilling some burgers and hot dogs at my apartment balcony tonight , I told my wife I got to write to the people at Char-Broil and thank them for such a great product , then I thought about looking it up at the Amazon site , and here I am . It 's 2:30 am instead of being in bed , I decided to stay up share my great experience about this product that deserves for me to stay up and tell you about it . For starters , It does not use propane , which means no lugging around dangerous fuels in your car . Second , you do n't ever have to worry about running out of propane in the middle of grilling . And third , preheating is quick and within minutes your grilling . This grill is powerful and they are not kidding when they say `` The first electric grill that cooks like a gas grill '' So with that in mind it 's equally as dangerous as a gas grill because of the high power -LRB- which is what you need to sear a good steak -RRB- but keep in mind it 's important to keep it clean as flare-ups do occur . The flavorize ceramic briguets give the food just the right flavor without oversmoking your food and stoaway and clean up is fast and easy . I do n't really clean my grill that often or as I should either . I did buy an extension cord -LRB- large appliance heavy duty type -RRB- because the one it came with was too short . It 's important that you use the recommended extention cord gauge . I have also found out that it 's equally important that you connect the grill to a heavy duty outlet for best results , otherwise if you just hook it to just a regular indoor outlet the power on the heating element will not be as hot . I have cooked from filet meignon to Ribeye 's to chicken to Fajitas to Brisket 's , and my food always comes out perfect ! better than any restaurant . I mostly go out to restaurants now just to be out and be seen ! I highly recommend this grill and watch your neighbors green in envy as you prepare your food fast and easy . email me if you have further questions or concerns . And last , I have never ever had any problems whatsoever with it .
 The complex we lived in did not allow open flame on the balcony , which ruled out both gas and charcoal grills . I opted for this Char-Broil electric grill , based on the reviews I read here on Amazon.Positives
 Gas grills are not permitted in NYC so the hunt for a good electric grill lead me through several tabletop appliances and grill pans . A neighbors got this grill and after borrowing it one time bought my own . Cooks evenly , looks nice . The assembly is a little tricky and the unit does n't feel all that sturdy . I 've had to tighten the bolts after a few uses but the grilling is great . I also got a cover for it and I 'm glad I did .
 THIS IS MY SECOND ONE TO BUY . LAST ONE LASTED 6 YEARS AND I USED IT CONSTANTLY.SO QUICK , SO EASY AND GREAT IN SUMMER MONTHS ESPECIALLY HERE IN TEXAS.I JUST LOVE MY ELECTRIC GRILL
 since I live in an apartment with a small balcony , I am limited to an electric grill . I had a different model before the Char-Broil . This grill works great and much better than the last one I had . It holds the heat very well . So far I have made hamburgers , hot dogs , steaks and fish . I plan on using this grill year round .
 I love this electric grill . It is so easy to use , just plug it in , and easy to control the temperature with the temperature indicator dial on the cover . Easy to clean too .
 I bought this grill about 8 weeks ago . I love it , I have used it almost every day . It was a little complicated to put togetherbut was worth it . The food tastes just like a gas grill . It heats up in minutes and cooks in half the time of a gas grill.Cleaning up is not the easiest , but not too bad . I would highly recommend this grill . Its easier and faster than any other grill have I owned .
 I owned another electric grill before I owned this one -LRB- for 5 + yrs -RRB- . Having a propane tank is time consuming -LRB- it has to be refilled -RRB- and for safety reasons -LRB- did n't like having a potential bomb sitting on my deck -RRB- . I 've cooked everything on this grill and have n't ruined a thing !!
 Perfect for us ! Have had two and had to look for second one for a while , but would not give up
 I WAS LOOKING FOR A ELECTRIC GRILL , AND ICOULD NOT FIND ONE IN MY TOWN . WE LOOKED ON AMANZON AND FOUND THIS ONE , AND IT LOOKED LIKE WHAT I WANTED , AND IT WAS . ITWAS MADE OF GOOD HEAVY MATERIAL , AND ITHAS WHEELS . IT WAS MADE BETTER THAN IT LOOKED . I AM VERY PLEASED WITH IT .
 do n't have to use charcoal or propane , just plug in and use . comes with an accurate dial for easy use and a temperature gauge . hardly needs cleaning , and the easiest maintenance bbq out there . One of the best bbq 's i have ever used . recommend to anyone who loves to cook .
 Over the years my family and I have owned 4 or 5 Char-Broil Patio Caddie charcoal and electric grills . They are easily assembled with clear step-by-step instructions written in good , clear English . I should know , because I have assembled all of them for us and for my daughter . The grill is a quality product and the warranty is excellent . Char-Broil does what they promise.Unfortunately , the style I am reviewing is n't being manufactured any longer . There 's a new model out which I am sure is just as great as the one being discontinued . When our 's is n't servicible any longer , we 'll certainly purchase the new model .
 We purchased this grill a little over a year ago and still absolutely love it . It is perfect for the two of us and does n't dominate our condo 's small patio . Assembly is a bit challenging due to rather limited instructions , and it definitely helps to have two people working together . But once you get it assembled , it is a great little grill.The grill heats up pretty quickly -LRB- gets up to 500-600 degrees in about 10 minutes -RRB- and heats evenly . It does an excellent job of cooking and is fairly easy to clean . During the summer , we use ours just about every night . On weekends , we often use it twice/day - for both lunch and dinner . After a year of heavy use , our grill still looks and functions like the day we got it.Having used flame grills in the past -LRB- gas and charcoal -RRB- , we were n't sure if we would be happy with an electric grill or not . But this grill has completely sold us on electric . We can not tell any taste difference between food cooked on this grill and food done on flame grills . From a fire hazard standpoint , we also feel safer with electric.Our grill is very sturdy . Because of its smaller size , it is also fairly light-weight . One person can easily move the grill on its two wheels.We are VERY happy with this grill and feel it was well worth the price .
 Have used this grill for 15 years ... obviously , have replaced when it rusted out -LSB- which all grills do if in the rain -RSB- Food tastes great ... we have used it at home , at a beach house , & at a cabin . Light wt. , easy to roll , food tastes super .
 Purchased this grill about 6-7 years ago and it is still going strong . As far as grilling goes , it will cook almost anything , and like with other grills it takes a little getting used to . By almost anything I mean do n't try and cook a big slab of ribs or a beer can chicken . One other thing to note is that the grill has two heating zones ; the instruction manual has a great guide on how long and which zone to grill the common grilling foods . -LSB- ... -RSB- With the good stuff out of the way there are some things that are a pain :1 -RRB- Do n't keep the lid off for to long because it will lose a lot of heat .2 -RRB- Lid is not attached -LRB- hinged -RRB- , this would make the heat loss less of an issue .3 -RRB- There is an aluminum liner on the bottom which gets corroded with stuff so it either needs to be replaced @ 40 bucks a pop or cleaned . I just gently clean it .4 -RRB- My buddy got one and he burnt out the thermostat some how . It was a newer model so not sure if that had anything to do with it or not.Note
 This is my third one of these grills and they are great for areas where you ca n't have gas grills . However I have used this one less that a dozen times and the controller will not turn off . this grill heats up great .
 this is the best electric grill . it is simple to operate and the has that bar-b-cue flavor and look . would recommend this product highly .
 It does the job of grilling very well , and is very easy to keep clean , best is no mess with coals and tanks running empty in the middel of grilling . Love it .
 ITEM ARRIVED WITH LIGHTNING SPEED AND IN PERFECT CONDITION . THANK YOU .
 The Patio Caddie Electric Grill is an excellent product . I was a little put off by the $ 169 price tag , but it lives up to the CharBroil name and reputation . I wanted an electric grill because I do n't want the mess or hassle of gas or charcoal . This product performs very well and is also well built .
 It 's clean , simple to use , safe , and grills as well or better than gas or charcoal grills .
 I love this grill . I bought my first one years ago and it finally gave out . Searched long and hard for a new grill but found nothing better than my old one so I ordered the exact same one again . could not be more pleased . Had no trouble putting it together and shipping was fast troublefree .
 I was so pleased to find this Electric Char-Broil Patio Caddie here on Amazon . It was just the size I needed for my small patio . I have purchased the smoker box so I get a good flavor to everything I am grilling on it . Compact , porcelain coated even the grill is heavy duty and will be easy to maintain .
 I needed a grill to put on my balcony and this fit the bill perfectly . Cooks up great -LRB- although max temp is only about 250-300 degrees -RRB- and it big enough to feed a few people from ... All with no tanks to change or fires to start !!
 This is the perfect grill for a condo balcony ! We just love it . . We are not allowed to have gas , even though our townhome is concrete block , so this was great . We recommend it to all our neighbors .
 Grills great . The thermometer does n't come near to reflecting the actual temperature , possibly owing to their new design -LRB- no more lava rock -RRB- . I 've sent them proof of purchase TWICE in order to at TRY a new thermometer . If the result is the same -LRB- inaccurate temp reading -RRB- I can live with it , but the least they could do is ship me a new lousy 50 cent -LRB- or whatever -RRB- thermometer so I can find out for myself !
 The Char-Broil patio caddie electric grill is the perfect size for any single person or couple . It 's portable and convenient . I use it on my porch . Just plug it in and you 're ready to grill in minutes . Everything tastes great .
 We live in an apartment , like many other reviewers , and we were able to have an electric grill as opposed to others with an open flame . It is awesome ! I was skeptical at first , but our food tastes great ! It is easy to warm up , cooks our food quickly , and easy to clean ! A great product for apartment dwellers or grilling novices .
 I have to say I am amazed with the results from this grill . I did a lot of research on electric grills since Im not allowed gas grill in my condo complex . I found this one and have to say Im very pleased.It doesnt take long to heat up , and cooks so fast . Great smoke flavor . I cooked a 2.5 lb steak and 8 burgers tonite , and everyone was very pleased.The only thing I can say badly about this grill is cooking with the top of loses a lot of heat , but aside from that its a fantastic little grill and I highly reccommend it.Get the cover too!Perfect !
 This is my second Char-Broil electric grill . I love it ! So easy to use and food tastes just a great as when using gas or coal . Compact too for storage . A `` must have '' for single gals that enjoy grilling !
 I could not believe that this cooker could cook as well as my $ 1,700.00 Weber grill , actually it does n't cook as well it cooks better ! This is one `` Hot '' little grill !
 When I bought my condo a month ago I was very disapointed to find out I could not set up a gas grill on my patio . I searched for a viable solution and found this grill at the Home Depot . They did n't carry it in stock and got a huge run around in trying to special order it so I just gave up . Then I thought to try Amazon . I ordered it and 5 days later had it set up on my patio . This grill gets HOT !! Which if you 've ever used an electric grill in the past you know that they never get hot enough to really sear meats ... this one was up to 600 degrees in about 15 minutes of preheating ... I love this grill . A little more expensive than a gas grill but than again you do n't need to buy a tank and have it filled several times over the season .
 This is a great grill for small areas and 2-4 people . Cooking time is very good . Had no problems with assembly since I have an arm prothesis . Amazon price and delivery time was the best yet.Larry
 I agree 100 % with the review by Edward Hearn on the technical aspects of the grill.For anyone in a big city where space is tight and apartment rules do n't allow propane or fires on the patios 10 stories up this is an excellent choice . You wo n't be dissappointed .
 I love this electric grill !! Everything tastes so much better from this grill and it is so easy to use . You will save a lot of time not trying to set a fire since it is electric !
 I purchased this grill years ago when it first hit the market . It has worked excellent . I have seen some bad reports from other users and I can say that maybe there is some manufacturing defect present with some units . I must have gotten a good unit . It fires up hot and fast . As another user posted that the unit will peg the 700 degree line and still keep rotating around . Uhhh that 's hot . In fact , watch the grease buildup . It turns to flame ! But , just drop the lid back on , turn down the heat , wait 5 minutes and everythings fine ! Really !
 I 've had my electric patio caddie for about 8 years . It still looks fine on the outside but the element is starting to sag and does n't heat up the way it used to . I ca n't complain , its been a good little grill and I feel I got my money 's worth out of it . I 'm probably going to replace it with the same grill sometime this summer . I remember assembling was a bit tricky or I would have given it 5 stars .
 I bought one of these grills three years ago because my condo complex 's CC&R ; 's were changed to prohibit flame -LRB- gas or charcoal -RRB- grills above the ground floor units . I had been a very satisfied Weber grill -LRB- charcoal version -RRB- user for over 25 years . This Charbroil grill was not difficult to assemble and it is very solidly built . Here are the pros and cons : Pros
 I have used this same grill several years and when it came time to replace it , I researched it and finally determined this is still the best grill for my particular needs . I also bought the same grill for my winter home in Florida . Excellent unit , but I found adding $ 5 worth of ceramic brickets makes it work better with more even heat overall . The food has a very nice `` char '' flavor , too . Even better , I also add hickory chips each time I start it . Wonderful flavor and great smells!My units sit outside and , therefore , I use the optional cover . This cover does a good job of keeping the grill clean and the quality is good . Very good overall value !
 This is my second electric patio grill , and I hope to provide some helpful tips to those who have not used this electric grill before . Despite what I have seen in other reviews , this grill does not come with briquettes , nor does the manufacturer recommend their use . The grill does fine with just the insulated aluminum inserts , although I think that the replacement cost of $ 50 for these is outrageous . I ruined my first grill because I did not clean the bottom aluminum insulated bowl . Also , I cooked a lot of fatty foods on it and did not burn off the residue after each use . My best recommendation is to be careful when cooking things like BBQ chicken and to think of the grill like a self cleaning oven . After each use , I would recommend that you put the cover on the grill , set it to the maximum heat setting and let it go for about 30 minutes . DO NOT TAKE THE COVER OFF DURING THIS PROCESS . This will burn off all the grease and will not cause a flare up because the cover is on . Trust me folks , if you do not take measures to burn off the grease and keep the unit clean , this grill will flame up like you would n't believe !! Other than that , this is a great grill ! Even if I could have a gas or charcoal grill I do n't think I would go back . Food cooked on this grill has a great grilled taste , and you do n't have to worry about running out of propane or the mess and gritty residue on your food that comes from a charcoal grill .
 I actually ordered this for my parents who are both almost 80 . I have had the exact same one for several years now and love it.No running out of fuel or worrying about leaks and explosions , just plug it in.With it 's wheels and tall versus wide stature it is quite a space saver if you do n't have a deck which I do not.It sits nicely in the corner of my garage and I just wheel it out in front of the garage when I want to use it which is all year long.I grill when the urge hits me even in the middle of winter this way.The unit cooks consistently and while it does not have the surface area of the standard large gas grills it has more than enough even when I have the extended family -LRB- 17 or so -RRB- over.The controls are simple and straightforward and the taste of the food on this is great.You do need to assemble it , but it 's not rocket science.Love the grill and all it 's strongpoints work even better for my 80 year old parents .
 Bought this electric grill for the balcony off the back of my condo . Fire codes prohibit open flames in multi-unit dwellings where I live , so this was the best option for me and I could n't be happier with my purchase . It was n't all that hard to put together , but it definitely helps if you have drill that can drive the screws instead of trying to hand screw them . The grill gets plenty hot and stays hot even when I have to get in there to work with the meat . It sears the outside perfectly . Just remember to put the cover back on ! I really like this grill because meat stays juicy instead of drying out the way it tends to do with gas . And for those of you who do n't have a GFCI outlet outside -LRB- like building codes require -RRB- , you can go to Lowes and pick up an outlet to install yourself for a few bucks !
 This was a transition from charcoal to electric grill . Believe me this has been the best decision . I live in an apartment in Charlotte , NC and size is always a factor . Extremely easy to use . I love it . `` NO SMOKE ''
 Our condo rules allow only Electric grills . I 've never cooked with electricity ... Weber Performer gas starter and ONLY charcoal.I bought this rill and still ca n't belive the smoke flavor , convience and pleasure . It is simply wonderfull !
 If you live in an apartment or condo , chances are you will need to use an electric grill for cooking out unless you want to move away from your building . I 'm on a second floor , have a balcony , and have successfully used this Char-Broil Patio Caddie Electric Grill with pleasure . I 'll write first about a few safety features.This thing gets hot and that 's what is expected from an appliance that is meant for cooking . Think about how hot the power cord on your toaster oven becomes if you cook in it for longer than a few minutes . The same principle holds true for this larger appliance , so be sure you either plug into a heavy duty outlet or use a heavy duty power strip . No little thin extension cords like you 'd use for your desk light for this one . Secondly , keep it clean inside and out . Residual grease and dirt will likely find itself ablaze and this brings us to the next hint . Always keep a fire extinguisher nearby . The only time I got to use one of mine was when we 'd neglected to clean off the grill and cooked something dripping with oil , forgetting how this thing worked . Ruined the food and needed to get replacement foil liners , but the grill survived and after a good cleaning , nobody could tell it had been through a near death experience . Although it 's easy to forget , always empty the little drainage cup so you 're not attracting critters you do n't want to cook or have multiply . Lastly , if you invest in a protective cover , you can keep your grill cleaner for longer periods of time and increase its life . Just be sure you do n't put it on until the grill is cool and is clean.As for the cooking , because this uses a sort of lava rock system on the bottom , you get the feel that you 're cooking over charcoal . It is not charcoal , so do NOT use charcoal because you do NOT want fires , but rather simply heat . Just like the Farberware rotiserries of years past , you use an electric heating element , not flames for your kabobs . I replace the bricks every few months if I 'm using the grill because the fresher ones impart a sort of flavor in the foods . Bottom line is that you want the heating elements to cook your foods , not fire or flames . Think of your kitchen electric stove -- you do n't want flames to develop near the heating elements or you 're likely to lose at least the stove , maybe more.The grill is easy to assemble and gave me an evening of fun . There were no surprises included in the box and no interpreter was needed to translate the directions . All parts were included in my carton . I like the blue color and it 's still looking new after several years.I use my grill for vegetables , veggie burgers and sausages , and fish . For these purposes it is absolutely great . Guests have brought over meat products and it 's cooked those well , too . The lid fits really well on top of the base and the temperature gauge is still accurate . The grill is housed on my balcony under its Weber Grill cover but the electric component is kept inside and away from the elements . I expect this will prove many more meals and look forward to grilling tonight .
 I changed everything in my kitchen to oranges , yellows , and lemongrass greens . Then , I decided that my main decor should be Sunflowers . It all looks wonderful . But , I have an extra large window that looks out on my deck and in the window , on the outside , was this very ugly thermometer . I came across this Sunflower Thermometer and had to order it to replace the ugly one . All is well with my decor now .
 Length :
 There are several different types of wasps - around here , we call the smaller ones ` meat bees ' -LRB- misnomer , but they look more like bees than wasps -RRB- as they are attracted to meat - in my case , cat food . I tried most of the other types of wasp traps , and the rescue non-disposable -LRB- w/cartridge -RRB- works very well for the larger wasps , but does not attract these smaller ones.This trap does , and is VERY effective.Before you order , try to identify what type of wasps you are trying to eliminate , or , as I did , get several different ones , and see which works for you .
 I 've tried these traps in several locations , and I think I 've found the trick
 I read the hit or miss reviews on this product and decided to give it a try , especially on the advice from a SoCal person -LRB- I 'm in NorCal -RRB- who said it works great for meat bees . We have cat food outside for our cat -LRB- and apparently the rest of the neighborhood cats too ! -RRB- and have grown tired of the meat bees immediately butting in not even giving our cat a chance to finish his food . I put it up about 10 minutes ago and several are already trapped . It 's amazing how quickly it worked , it started with the few that were around and then all the sudden there 's a ton of them and most of them are going into the trap.It seems like it is hit or miss but with me it was a hit ! By the way , for the review haters out there , I do n't work for the company , I 'm just your average guy trying to keep the yellow jackets away from his cat 's food.I would buy this product again .
 First off , if you have yellow jackets you need this trap ! We had one around for a couple years , but this summer the little devils started to bother us so I hung it up . Little did I know ! I thought there might be a dozen or so . Well ! On the side of the trap are indicator lines 1/2 '' apart and the statement that 1/2 '' equals around 300 jackets . If that is accurate then we caught over 1000 critters in the first week !! That pretty much bagged the whole outfit bacause in the following week there were almost none . Needless to say , I ordered more and will always have a couple on hand . By the way , if you 've never used these , I would suggest setting them up either early morning or late evening when they are not active because they REALLY LIKE the lure and will show up immediatly ! This is a must have if you live in yellow jacket country !
 there is a fly trap also , same price , besides this yellowjacket one . They both work fabulous . We have thrown away our cans of wasp spray , I promise you wo n't catch anything but the yellowjackets and hornets in this kind ... no moths or gnats to fill it up . The fly bag even caught a few yellowjackets . We put bags down in our orchard as well.Bees -LRB- honey and bumble -RRB- stay away so we do n't lose bees , just the predator yellowjackets and hornets , or flies accordingly . Have had to change the filled up bags every couple days , but they are not bothering us and stinging us and late ; ly we have n't seen any around where we are , just around the bags . With both types of bags , the critters are sitting at the top of the bag and fighting with each other -- just ca n't wait to get in ! AMAZING PRODUCT!This is the best bag systems we have ever used and we get tons and tons of hornets and yellowjackets . WELL WORTH THE MONEY !
 Our yellow jacket population suddenly blossomed a week or so ago . The traps I had been using , the hard plastic cylinder ones , were catching some , but lots got by . So I decided to try a couple of others.These came yesterday , and this morning when the yellow jackets were bothering the kids in the sandbox we put one up . Literally before we could get it hung up the yellow jackets were swarming around it , and within ten minutes it was half full.Our order for six more is already in . If the rest work as well as the first one , these will be a lifesaver !
 What a great product ! I personally hate listening to my kids screaming during the summer because of wasps or bees flying around , not to mention the extra volume they can produce when they do get stung , so this product is amazing and wonderful . It works like a charm and I can enjoy my backyard in peace , well for the most part because the kids in the neighborhood along with mine can get a little loud on the ears lol
 Good trap , very bad year this year for these bees . This trap was so good I had to wait until night and hang it quickly . The bees were going after it before I could hang it . Worked very well and cought alot of bees ! Hang in an area away from where from pets and humans will be active . I hung it 1.5 feet off the ground .
 Fill trap with apple juice and water and hang up on a bush . This worked so well that after I bought one , I ordered four more . Well worth it .
 worked great used one this summer , last year i always had yellow jackets at my back door.This year I used this little trap and kept it filled with a mixture of apple juice and water . it worked all summer and caught over 500 yellow jackets . They went to the trap rather than flying inside the house
 I actually tried two types of traps ; one I made from instructions off of the internet -LRB- with meat and soapy water -RRB- , and I also bought this disposible Rescue trap . I must say , the Rescue trap started catching Yellow Jackets immediately while the other home made trap did nothing . I used diluted apple juice as a liquid and put it on my deck in direct sunlight . So far , it has worked very well and for the price its well worth it .
 I ordered 3 different traps and this one was by far the best . The others captured a few wasps , but this one was full of the suckers . Easy to set up and really works . I wish it came with a string to hang it - but that was n't a big a deal .
 After an outdoor gathering at my home was shut down by a wasp armada , I called in the big dog
 Had one of these up for just over a week . Its quickly filling up with dead wasps . Almost too effective - wondering if l 'm bringing all the neighbors wasps to my garden?Main negative is that its a bag full of water and dead insects hanging from a tree - difficult to move once you 've set it .
 Lots of paper wasps and yellowjackets in the backyard this year , my old trap was n't keeping up . I was skeptical about a flimsy looking bag trap , but minutes after my husband put it up -LRB- on one of my decorative shephard 's crooks , but oh well -RRB- ... the yellowjackets were swirling around it like O'hare Airport on Christmas Eve.I 'm buying more of these traps . Just wish they came with a wire or string for hanging , my own heavy twist ties do the trick , still would be nice to have one included .
 I never dreamed that I would one day write a review of a fly trap , but this thing works so darn well that I thought I would be doing a disservice to others by keeping silent.We live in a semi-rural area with a robust fly population , which proved to be a constant annoyance . It seemed that we could n't open the windows or doors for even a short period without a squadron of flies invading our house . We tried a number of different fly traps -LRB- e.g. , the sticky kinds -RRB- but to no avail . This is the first trap , however , that really works.Within two weeks this thing was so full that the dead flies formed an `` island '' within the bag of water that allowed the flies that were still alive to begin breeding . That 's when I decided it was time to change the trap . No joking , there were at least 500 dead flies in the bag . We are currently on our second trap , which is filling up more slowly , I assume due to a reduced fly population.The only downside , as other reviewers have noted , is that the trap stinks once it is activated with water -LRB- The smell is exactly like that of an old dumpster -RRB- , so you definitely do n't want to hang one in your house . We hang our traps under our backyard deck and can rarely smell them . We have already noticed significantly fewer flies in our house . I think one or two more traps should do the job , at least until next summer.In short , at four bucks a piece you ca n't beat these environmentally-safe traps for exterminating those flying annoyances around your house .
 This is the best fly trap I 've ever used , and I think I 've used them all in my lifetime lol . I like that you can throw it away . The one you have to rinse out worked good too , but it almost made me sick when I had to do that so I wo n't be buying that one again .
 This has been in operation in my backyard for a week now , and my backyard is now fly free ! It has killed thousands of flies and has plenty of room left . No more ruined BBQs because of pesky flies ! I am so happy I found this product .
 This product works like a charm . I mean , when they say `` attraction , '' they mean it ! However , there is a catch . While there were only 3-4 flies flying around outside our backyard screen door , setting one of these traps just increased the load of flies . In other words , instead of killing the 3-4 flies , it attracts a whole community of flies . It 's like the relatives , neighbors and a whole China of flies just swarm into this fly trap . The theory is , it does work in a way that it attracts the flies to go in and die there but now there are more flies -LRB- 6-7 -RRB- flying around the backyard screen door . I then moved it slightly away from the screen door and that helped a lot . That is why I gave it a 4 star instead of a full 5 . My recommendation is that you hang this somewhere away from where you want flies to go but at the same time , not far enough where it 's defeat its purpose . Also if you have pets , remember to hang it somewhere it 's unreachable . Another thing is , it does stink so you certainly do n't want that near any door . If any of you are picky and cheap like me , buy one of those Fly Trap attractant packets and make your own trap by setting one in a reusable jar . This way , you have better access to where you want to set the trap at any time . In summary , this thing works like the flies are getting free pizza . -LRB- well , it is but it 's contagious free pizza as it was intended to be -RRB- . Except for the fact that you have to keep in mind where you want to set the trap .
 I tried the Flies Be Gone and this trap . This trap was by the front door and began working immediately . Flies Be Gone works too but is pretty disgusting because you can see the maggots eating the dead flies in the trap . Gross . On the Rescue product , I used a Sharpie to blacken the outside so I did n't have to look at the ugly bag . The flies still came and it has made standing on our front patio so much more pleasant .
 We put these up at the far end of our garden and all summer we did n't have any problems with flies trying to land on our drinks or food on the patio ... they were all busy trying to get into this trap . Amazingly , we had to put up a new trap approximately every 8-9 days - each time they were full . We would n't be without them - some of our friends have started buying them as well .
 If you live in the country these are almost a must have . I put a new one up every few weeks in the back yard and it really keeps the little pest out of my house . I do get an occassional fly in the house but nothing like before .
 These traps are amazing . Hang them outside away from the house or frequented areas , because they do smell.Instead of pestering you , flies -LRB- of all kinds -RRB- will make a suicidal dive into these traps , and you will soon have a bag full to dispose . Buy several , as you will want replacements .
 I hang 3 bags at a time from the rafters at my horse barn -LRB- small barn-one horse -RRB- . The amount of flies it attracts and kills is amazing . The bag says to change after 30 days but I find that I have to change them every 2 weeks , due to the amount of dead flies in them and the stench of the rotting flies . Best summer fly control system I have ever used in my horse barn.I would n't recommend this for in the home or anywhere near the home -LRB- garage , etc -RRB- due to the awful odor it emits after a couple of weeks . I know when it starts to smell like a dead animal in my barn I have to change the bags . I do n't notice a bad odor when they are new and used for the first week or so .
 I 've been using this brand of fly trap for about 5 years now and it 's never disappointed me . It will catch all the nasty types of flies you normally find during the summer time . This is perfect for pet owners like myself , in case the dog dumps its love bundles and I do n't see it , which can atrack flies.A couple of things you should know about this product : First , it will probably not catch any flies the first day , and let me explain why , the material in the trap and water that you add need to mix for about a day , at which type , a very strong smell will start to come out of the trap , which means it is now working . After the first day , and during the hot ones , trust me , it will be gross , yet amazing thing what this trap can do.Second , you have to constantly add water to the level indicated on the bag , specially during the hot days and if the trap is under direct sun light . This is easy to do with a paper cup or any other small cup.Third , when hanging it , place it away from your doors and windows , or be ready for some nasty smells . The trap has a mixture of eggs -LRB- dried -RRB- and other products to create a strong odor that flies ca n't resist.In conclusion , this product DOES NOT USE chemicals at all , it is all natural and catches a great number of fly species ; it wo n't let you down . It works .
 These things work like a charm . Watch the video for yourself . 3 days and so so so many flies . I used them for my grad party and wow , 3 of them were up for a week and they just got fuller and fuller . The trick to them is they fly down this cylinder , but flies are complete idiots they do n't know how to get out.NOTE
 We have chickens in the backyard and we were so over run with flies we were unable to sit on the back porch . A friend recommended them and we now have two hanging in the 1/2 acre yard , one by the coop and one where the chickens congregate during the hottest hours of the day . The bags after two weeks are cram packed full of flies , it is kind of alarming how effective it is . Added bonus when you knock down a population like that the next generation is exponentially diminished.However , the smell is somewhere around the stench of death mixed with cat vomit so you will not want to hang one upwind from any area you frequent.I do not often write reviews but had to on this product , it delivers without a doubt , we now buy them by the case.Outstanding product .
 Everything has trade-offs , even if it works great . I purchased this product to deal with blowflies in my garbage area . The product emits a somewhat offensive odor to attract the blowflies and is not suitable for indoors or anywhere people might spend time . In spite of what the product states , do not put this on your patio -LRB- unless you do n't spend any time there -RRB- . That being said , the product was literally overflowing with flies within one week of installations and needed to be replaced . The first one I installed was full of dead flies and maggots which was disgusting . Also , the attractant was likely drawing flies from all over the neighborhood . I put up two more traps and they were also wildly successful . I found a particularly good combination was adding fly-paper strips on or near the product.My other issue is with installation/packaging - a hole needs to be cut in the top of the product exactly as shown . I did n't see this at first with the graphics on the package . If the hole is n't cut right , flies escape -LRB- or worse -RRB- so examine the package well if you a first time buyer .
 Fly
 My father-in-law recommended these traps to us because our new house had areas where flies seemed to congregate . Every time we opened the door , in they would rush to annoy us in the house . We tried them and they really do work well . We have notice a severe reduction in our fly population after using them for two summers . For the flies that do make it inside , we use the triangular window fly motels . Using these two products together just about eliminates our fly problem . No more annoying flies buzzing around us ! These also work for a long time . We had the same ones up all summer , and they can hold quite a lot of the nasty buggers .
 After adding water , it takes 2-3 days for the mixture to really start smelling and attracting lots of flies . So have patience .
 For me it took about 1 week to really do anything and now three weeks later there is about 2 '' of dead flies . It is truly gross and the odor is like rotted fish . Those with good smell - keep it 10 ' away from anywhere you frequent . What can I say ? It works as advertised . Two thumbs up .
 These things work ... PERIOD ! We have and live in an area with lots of horses , and the flies that were around our property and getting in our house was REALLY getting out of hand . We were getting about 30-40 per week in our house and we were just getting sick and tired of vacuuming and vacuuming every day . We bought two of these traps
 I bought this trap because I suddenly had a couple of dozzen rather smallish `` houseflies '' appear in my kitchen . The description clearly says For Use Outdoors , but if figured
 Almost five years ago I moved into my new home , which happens to sit in a horse zoned area , in fact I happen to be right across the street from a horse ranch that trains cut horses , so they not only board several horses at any given time but they usually have some twenty to twenty-five cattle as well.The week we moved into our new home we had so many flies in the house that I went to various windows throughout the house , where they seemed to congregate and vacuumed them into my built in vacuum cleaner . This worked pretty good but obviously I could n't walk around all the time with a vacuum cleaner . I needed something effective but passive.The answer was the Rescue Fly Control Trap . The first year I hung three of these babies in trees , two in front and one in back . I liken this fly trap to the Pied Piper but where the Pied Piper lured hundreds of rats to their end in a watery grave with music , these little gems lure tens of thousands of houseflies to their demise in a watery grave by smell.Smell , that is the one downside of the Rescue Fly Control Trap . It attracts the little nuisances by emitting a distasteful , if not malodorous aroma resembling animal waste and that is why these units should be utilized only outside , however that is not as bad as it sounds . The odor is really only noticeable in a three to five foot radius so if they are strategically located they will not offend anyone.For what it is , the Rescue Fly Control Trap is overpriced but it so effective it is a bargain . The first year I started using these traps , they would fill up in six weeks to two months . I would guess that each trap would hold about five to ten thousand flies , maybe more . I would say that they are needed only about six months a year but I leave mine up all year and just do n't hydrate them during the winter and summer , when Houseflies seem not to be active.The trap consists of a yellow plastic housing containing an upside down lattice style cone , entirely enclosed in plastic . Inside the plastic container is also the material that when hydrated gives off the magnetic pungent bouquet that brings flies in droves . The trap is enclosed and self contained until you want to activate it , which is done by taking a razor blade or sharp knife and cutting the plastic around the round top . Once the plastic is severed from the top , the top slides out providing an opening in which water can be added . Once you have added water you are ready to start trapping flies . The flies enter the trap though the same opening that you added water , travel down the inverted cone to an opening near the bottom . They make the trip down easy enough but can not figure out how to go back out . They are TRAPPED!Simply take your activated fly trap outside and hang it in an area remote enough to not be offensive . It can be hung with string or long wire ties . I use bailing wire . The trap will need to be watered periodically to make up for evaporation , so hang it where it is easy to reach . Flies do n't like the sun unless it 's cold outside , therefore from my experience , traps in light shade -LRB- in a tree -RRB- are most effective.So how have these fly traps been working out for me ? They seem to be working out extremely well . Each successive year I have been able to reduce my use of these traps as well as my fly swatters for the ones that manage to avoid the traps . I hope it 's not a fluke but this year I put only one trap out so far and though it 's full I still have n't replaced it . It is summer right now , where in Arizona it 's so hot the flies seem to disappear until milder weather returns . Perhaps they do as many other Phoenicians do and head for the cooler mountains . In any event they will be back in September/October so I will put a new trap out . That will make two this year , down from nine the first year .
 There is no other that even compares . I 've used these around our farm for 13 years now and they are the BEST at catching flies . I 've had to use the other brands when Quality Farm & Fleet went out of business and sad to say that those other traps hardly caught anything . I even got to see a side by side comparison when I made a delivery to a horse farm . The gentleman had a Rescue as well as brand X sitting outside one of his barns with the Rescue sitting 10ft farther away from the barn than the brand X. Well the Rescue was 2/3 fuller than the brand X . The flies were actually flying past the brand X to get to the Rescue Trap !
 I did n't think this trap would work all that much , but I gave it a try because it was the only outdoor trap I could find ... Man was I wrong about it not working . I filled it with water and hung it outside and went to sleep . I woke up the next morning and there had to of been about 100-150 flies died inside . So I checked back in the afternoon and my goodness there had to of been about 500 flies all stuck together . So , the second morning after the trap was installed I went back outside again to check , I am not joking when I say I would n't be surprised if there were over a couple thousand flies in this bag . I went into the house and I sat and watched the bag for about twenty minutes and I could n't believe how many flies were coming in from every direction and navigating right into the bag . It was clockwork . My purpose was not to rid my entire Subdivision of flies , but to lower the percentage around the house . I think I 'm going to cut the bag after 3 more days before the entire city loses it 's fly population . As of right now I 'm done counting how many flies are in this bag . It 's to the point that it looks disgusting and yes it 's starting to smell like fish or something . Overall , its worth it . Just make sure to put the bag 15-20 feet away from the house .
 This thing traps and drowns flies like nobody 's business , but you have to use it with caution . I 've used 2 of these so far and the first time , it filled up about half way with flies . It then rained and the trapped filled up with water and stopped killing -LRB- it was still attracting -RRB- . The second time , things got a little out of hand . Now , I 'm an entomology major so what happened actually helped out with my insect collections , but anyways . The second trapped filled up to the very top with flies . The flies were dying but their eggs were hatching . Thus , I had tons and tons of maggots spilling out of the bag and it stunk to high heaven . I had lizards hanging around the bag eating the maggots and ants on the ground carrying away fallen maggots . I 've also noticed the trap is mainly killing flies from the family Callipohirdae -LRB- blow-flies , bluebottle flies -RRB- . I was hoping it would attract more houseflies . It 's pretty awesome to watch how many flies this thing attracts though.I highly recommend it if you 're having fly issues .
 I have used this product for two years and it has worked great . I think it is attracting and catching all the flies in the neighborhood -LRB- community service ? -RRB- I just can not imaging that my backyard has that many flies ! As some of the reviews mentioned , it would take a few days for the attractant to `` ripe '' before the flies would come . And after that flood gate would open . By holding your nose and standing close to the trap , you can watch the flies get trapped , maggots crawling in the bag ... very disgusting but entertaining at the same time . Revenge is sweet.When the bags were full , I disposed of the plastic bags -LRB- carefully -RRB- , but kept the yellow funnels , which is the key components of the trap . I reused the funnels for my homemade traps made out of jars with plastic lids . You would want plastic lids because you will need to cut a circle that has a smaller diameter than the funnel on the lid , insert the yellow funnel to lid , and voila , you have a reusable trap . All you will need now is attractant that you can buy from Amazon . I used shrimp heads , crawfish heads , or a dead minnow ... the homemade attractants would be as stinky and effective as store bought stuffs . Yes , it is just disgusting so you will need to hang the traps at the far end of your yards . They will continue to catch flies .
 I live in a rowhome in Baltimore City , meaning that my house is adjoined to neighbors on both sides . There are also more rowhomes behind ours - in other words , very close quarters . Our area has a fly issue , and I wanted a product as effective as this one seemed , but I was apprehensive about putting it up on my back patio and offending everyone within smelling distance . As a precaution , I let my neighbors know I was using a potentially stinky fly trap , and to let me know if it bothered them -LRB- and also that I would take it down immediately if I noticed the smell was overpowering -RRB- . I am surprised to report three days later that the smell is really not THAT bad . My husband and I were out on our patio last night for several hours and we did n't even notice it that much , except to express feeling guilty for killing so many unsuspecting flies . From the other reviews , I was imagining neighbors pounding down my doors and a stench that would make my patio a non-livable space . However , it 's been all right . You could of course never put this item inside your house , but with proper ventilation , it 's ok outside even if you 're nearby . I wanted to let others know in case they experienced the same concerns I did . Give it a try , you might disagree , but if you have as many flies as we do , a LITTLE bit of stink is worth it -LRB- as long as you 're not pissing off any of your neighbors of course -RRB- .
 1 . The smell is atrocious , the absolute closest you 'll want it to where people are is 15 feet , I 'd recommend 25 . In about two weeks mine has 4 or 5 inches of dead flies in it , with maggots crawling around in there as well . It smells even more awful now with the decaying flies .2 . If you are n't looking to order online , Lowe 's stocks them .3 . Make sure you attach the wire or rope you are going to use to hang it before filling it with water .4 . Take care cutting along the dotted line or you will ruin the trap .5 . You will have to refill it occasionally as the water evaporates out .6 . Keep in mind this may end up attracting more flies than you are typically used to . The scent will bring in flies from the neighbors lawns and the like . At first we had it right outside the back door , and the amount of flies in our home tripled . Once we moved it to a tree a good distance out in the backyard things got better .7 . Take great care when disposing of it , I recommend tossing it in a gallon ziploc bag then in another gallon ziploc bag . You do n't want to spill this crap .
 When I got the trap home I did n't know you should not cut the bag so I screwed it up and it would not hold water so I cut the bag off and stuck the cone in a plastic container I had . I had to cut the plastic lid to squeeze it in . I baited the trap and the results have been amazing . I estimate I am catching 200 to 300 flies a day . Quite a bargain for the price . I plan to buy two more . When the bag is full remove the plastic top and stick it in a plastic container which works just as good as the bag .
 We had a fly problem a few years ago , so I tried these traps . I was very impressed with the sheer number of flies it caught -LRB- my wife was just disgusted -RRB- . This year we had a bigger infestation , so I tried theRescue Reuseable Fly Trap with Attractant #FTA - SF4and they were nearly ineffective . I purchased a few more of these disposable traps and they 're amazing at attracting and catching flies . The smell , however , is quite bad and is almost more offensive than a few rogue flies.The major advantage of this type of trap is that it works in the daytime , when flies are active , unlike an electronic trap like theFlowtron Model BK-40D Electronic Insect Killer -LRB- One Acre Coverage -RRB- -LRB- which I also purchased -RRB- . The irony , I found , in having such effective attractants is that you get more flies . I moved my traps to the far side of the yard , away from the house , and suddenly we have fewer flies trying to sneak in the side door . -LRB- Obvious ? -RRB-
 What I can say about a fly trap that traps a whole bag of flies ? Highly effective . There were flys coming into the house . I found myself always trying to swat them . You may know how annoying that is . Then , I purchased this . They are NOT entering my house anymore . They are also skipping the trash bin .
 As soon as I fill it with the water and hung it flys were fighting to get into it . It really attracts the flys . Wonderful product
 I agree with those who wrote that they never expected to be writing a review of a fly trap , but the little gadget works better than the competition . Better than sprays . Far better than sticky paper . It is a little smelly on warm days so I keep it away from open doors , but considering how many flies it catches , it is worth the inconvenience . One recommendation ... be careful how you dispose of the bag because the results are unpleasant if you spill the liquid on yourself -LRB- ask me how I know -RRB- . I always remove and replace the fly trap early in the morning while the flies are less active , which I am sure is an obvious tip . This summer of heat and humidity , I ended up mail ordering the traps because they were sold out locally ... and they are worth every penny !
 This thing is awesome . It must have caught 5000 flies in about a week ! I would recommend this product to anyone who has a problem with flies outside their home .
 Easy to use and extremely effective . The trap gives off a nasty smell , so remember to hang it in an area outside that will not be around people . Around garbage is perfect .
 Never had a fly issue until we moved in our brand new home that is on the more rural side of town . Making matters worse the neighbors on each side of us both have dogs which attract flies . For some reason this year there seems to be a significant increase in the fly population . There were times I opened my trash can only to be attacked by probably at least 20-30 swarming flies , flying at my head and face.The issue was just getting ridiculous and everytime we quickly open the front door 2-3 of the little buggers seem to get into the house . I got tired of being overrun and attacked by flies and they are unsanitary . The only fly traps I 've seen are the fly zappers , sticky strips and spray none of which I was interested in . I searched for fly traps and found this on Amazon and decided to go with this trap due to mostly positive reviews . I now have 3 mounted on the side of one of my trash bins using plastic wire ties to hang them . These things have been a lifesaver ! In the last month or so I 've been using them I already had 2 full bags.These work well , are cheap , disposable , have a large capacity , great product ! Just be patient , when new they can take 2-3 days to start really working .
 I bought two kinds of fly traps - this and another one . They both were great at catching flies and I plan to keep them around and buy new ones as needed . The odor from this one seems to be stronger so you will have to keep it a good 20 feet from any outdoor eating areas .
 I just moved to VA from PA and my backyard was full of flies . The flies would get into my house , bite me and my dogs , and were just an overall nuisance . I have two dogs so I did n't want to use anything that could potentially hurt my pups . I put the this trap up on a Friday around noon , and by Friday night it had already caught at least 80 flies . By Monday the amount of flies caught had quadrupled . My backyard is now controlled and if a fly does come back there it is immediately attracted to the trap . My only problem is that it does such a good job that I need another one so quickly !
 These work great but stink terrible . I use them in the spring when flies are bad but do n't have in an area when entertaining guest .
 I used to use Flies Be Gone but for over $ 14 plus shipping I was looking for a better deal . I put this up and the first week there were virtually no flies in the trap . But , as the solution `` cured '' hanging on our sunny back porch , we had a huge influx of flies starting around day 6 . It 's been about 2 weeks now and there are at least 150 flies in the trap , and more hovering around all day , eventually going into the trap . So , give it some time and it will work for you ! A good deal and a great fly catcher . It does n't smell , either . We spend a lot of time on our back porch and do n't even notice the smell .
 Not much to say other than this thing kills a lot of flies . I have had it outside for a week and I ca n't even begin to guess how many flies are in this thing . It does really smell something fierce , so make sure you put it in a corner far away -LRB- at least 30 feet -RRB- from anywhere you might be sitting outside .
 We were house sitting my parents house and was infested with flies . We tried using it indoors but the smell was overpowering and after 48 hours we had n't caught any flies . We moved it outside to a far corner of the yard and trapped 20 or more flies in the first night . Over the corse of a week it seems to have greatly diminished the flies in the general area and we have noticed fewer in the house.This is a must buy product but I strongly recommend you do not use it indoors .
 I bought this for flies near my work . During the summer we get numerous flies in the building and it was hard to get them out . This thing is very easy to setup , all you have to do is cut along the dotted lines on the top so it makes a circle cut out , then pull the yellow tab up and fill with with water , that 's it ! You must buy a string or wire to hang this as it does n't come with one . It took awhile for the trap to catch a lot of flies , the first two days it caught about three , and as the days got hotter , more and more flies accumulated . Now the bag is full of hundreds of them!Pros : - Cheap and effective-Works within hours-Easy to useCons : - Lasts about a month or two-Stinks if you 're near it -LRB- I recommend putting it at least 5-10ft away from any entry ways or ventilation -RRB- .
 Smells a little but this Really works , 20,000 flies YES ! I 've never seen such a draw for thousands of flies . I 'm ordering at least six more units . Do n't reuse I spilled it and had to shower !
 Wow , this thing really works ! In the Spring when the flies started up , at any given time I would have like 10 flies buzzing the kitchen while I tried to cook . They were coming in from the yard when the dog was let in or out , or from the garage where trash was kept . They were driving me mad , and no matter how many we killed there were always more in here . I finally got fed up and started reading amazon reviews , then ran out to a home improvement store and bought these . I hung one in the backyard , occasionally added more water . I tell you that was the last fly I saw . Every fly in the area was attracted to this thing ! After a month or so we threw it out and put a new one out . They have literally cleared the neighborhood of tens of thousands of flies . $ 6 to end a misery ? What a bargain !
 I 'm updating my last review where I said it did n't work . I 've since moved it to a new location and this trap collect hundreds of flies . I can really see a difference when I got outside now.I would also like to add that I did n't take this down during hurricane sandy and it held up to the really bad rain , and very high wind pretty well ! I thought it was gon na be all ripped apart when I went out there to look at it . The winds reached at least 90MPH . So do n't worry if you get a bad storm . As long as you have it tied up good it should stay .
 This beautiful mostly black large cat decided to make my backyard home ! Plus few other cats that wander in and out . The only serious problem is the fly that they attract from their waste . It is a challenge for me in a lot of ways I will not bother you with but I will not turn my back on the this or any animal ! So I tried aerosol sprays also a few other things explicitly designed for flying insects with very poor results . This product is a black hole for fly .
 I 'm not sure how excited most people would get over a fly trap but when you get a product that works , is easy to use , and affordable , you 've done a great job . This trap was all of those things and we 're going to order a couple more for the back of the house and pool area as well . So many fallen fly soldiers and so little time . Great job and great product !!
 Within about three weeks the two fly traps that were hung were totally full . Since they smell quite a bit by that time , it is very nice to just be able to toss them .
 Did n't have this item long enough to see how well it worked - My German Shepard got a whiff of it , jumped up -LRB- I had it hanging about 5.5 feet off the ground -RRB- , tore it down and began to devour it . She then decided to trot into the house and stink up our house . I 'm sure it 'll work great -LRB- I plan to order another -RRB- , just know that you should hang it high enough that large dogs can not jump up and grab it .
 I have always used those fly strips and had to replace them way too often . I have had two bags in my yard since last week and all I can say is Oh My God !! They are terrific . I will never buy anything but these bags !!!!!
 The trap hangs in the shade in our hot weather . As we have horses all around us , the relief of attrcting the flies away from our patio has been most appreciated .
 I ordered one of these about 2 months ago . It 's still working . All I have to do is occasionally put a little more water in it.Now if you hang this right in the sun , obviously you 'll have to fill it up more often . I have mine hanging in a slightly shady area , so I do n't need to refill it that often.About the only complaint I could have is that having to cut out the opening where the top part pops out is a bit annoying . But that 's really just me being lazy . Takes about 30 seconds to cut it out.You definitely do not want to hang this inside , as the attractant inside smells something like rotten eggs . I have mine hanging a few feet away from my back door , and that 's far enough that I do n't smell it . I think as long as it 's not in an enclosed space , it 'll be fine.I ordered a few more , simply because the previous one I ordered will eventually have more flies then water in it , so I 'll need a replacement .
 Had fifty flies outside biting me so often I could n't sit on the porch . The 50 were caught day 1 . Day 2 - 100 flies showed up on the porch when the fifty were gone . Trap got them too by the afternoon.Day 3 - Did n't notice too many new comers in the air . Lots more in the trap.Day 4 - Black layer of fly mush over the water in the bag , getting thick.Day 5 - Mush getting thicker . Flies do n't visit me anymore on the porch .
 I have a restaurant on the Iowa River . Needless to say that there are a lot of flies . I followed the directions and hung them away from any entrances to the building . We have atleast 1/2 the flies we 've had in the past
 too soon to tell about fly control . i do know it 's caught a lot of flies and it smells awful . so becareful when placing near your door way .
 I have used these traps for over 3 years and they have never let me down . Every time I have put one of these traps out they always get filled up to the top with flies . I highly recommend hanging the fly trap at least 20ft or more away from the house , these bags smell absolutely nasty on a hot summers day . I would have to say it smells 10 times worst than rotten milk LOL . These traps are NOT to be used indoors or near a door or window . I highly recommend these traps they will NOT let you down .
 Stinks REALLY BAD !! I got this for our garage , we have less flies in the house for sure , but our garage stinks like PUKE ! I 'm not sure which is worse , flies or puke smell . But works great !
 I live close to the woods , have two dogs , and spend a lot of time outdoors . Needless to say , flys love our patio area and yard . I decided that I needed to find a fly trap that would work well , so I ordered three types . I ordered this one , another bag one that was much larger , and one of the ones that look to be a cup . I set all three up in my yard at different locations -LRB- but similar proximity to my house -RRB- to see which one was better . The results were easily seen ! The cup fly trap came in second place , but was easily knocked over and my dog seemed to like to get into it . It caught some flys , but not the most . The larger fly trap had a stench that started to come from it after about 4 or 5 days ... so bad that I moved it back further from my house . However , it caught the least amount of flys -LRB- still a lot , but a lot less -RRB- . Now , on to this fly trap : I was literally amazed by this product . Within one week the trap was full to the top with flys . It was so full , that there was no more room for flys . It was pretty gross , but that 's what I expect it to do . There was n't the nasty smell as there was with the other bagged product and the end results were simply amazing . I do n't think that a fly trap can do better than this one , so I highly recommend this one as opposed to the others . The only downsides are that you have to partially assemble it -LRB- but that only takes 1 or 2 minutes -RRB- and that it does n't come with a string to hang it . However , I will gladly assemble it and attach a string for how effective it was!I actually bought this through Amazon -LRB- see the label -RRB- , so you know that this is n't an auto-review . This product is just that good ! For the price , it ca n't be beat !
 The only thing wrong with my order is that I did not order more ! The trap was working within 30 minutes of setting it up.I want to thank the reviewer who said he had an issue with cutting the plastic at the top of the trap . Had I not read his review I would have had the same issue . I avoided it by using an exacto type cutting tool to cut the circle out.When setting it up I did spill some of the attractant on the side of the trap . The flies were all over it within 15 minutes and 30 minutes later they were in the trap . Be sure to hang this trap up of the reach of pets . This trap not only attracts flies it also attracts dogs too . Never underestimate the intelligence and leaping ability of a miniature dachshund . She immediately found where I had spilled it on the ground and soon figured out the source . I distracted her , hung it higher , and washed away what spilled on the ground . I mention this only because we mini dachshund owners tend to be very protective of our little heart stealing dogs.A possible mistake I made when setting this out was to hang it in direct sunlight . We have a heat wave at this time and during the hottest part of the day I did not see any flies around the unit . Today I am going to hang it in a shade tree . I 'm sure that will work and if it does not I will update this review within a short period of time.I feel that this trap is well worth what I paid for it and as soon as I am done with this review I am going to order at least one more maybe two . One for the front yard and one for the back . I have a fly problem because I have fruit trees , compost piles , a garden , and I live in a tiny town surrounded by farms . The flies in the front yard are a bad problem because when I mow the yard they come out and pester me when I am trying to concentrate on safely mowing the part of my yard where it has steep slopes . You can easily turn your mower over while trying to swat a biting fly . If the yard does not get mowed I wind up with thousands of mosquitoes and dozens of snakes.All in all I am happy with this purchase and I wish I had found this item many years sooner.UPDATE . JULY 28,2011 . I 'm glad I ordered more . My trap is already full . One more thing I need to mention . Do n't hang the bag too close to where you sit or eat outside . The bag has an odor and without that odor the trap will not work . I would experiment by hanging it in different locations . The perfect spot would be close enough to attract flies away from you but far enough that you do n't smell it . It also helps to remove things that attract flies away from the trap . Mine hangs in a fruit tree . I had some rotten fruit on the ground that was attracting the flies more than the trap . I raked them up and got rid of them . The next day the flies were swarming the trap even more than they had been .
 Bought this and `` Rescue FTA-SF4 Reuseable Fly Trap with Attractant `` After a week the Jar had about 50 flies in it.The bad , had hundreds.Only downside to the bag working so great is its pretty much already full after 2 weeks and I need a new one.Might just dish out the money for a bug zapper .
 smells terrible but who cares you hang it up outside away from the windows and porch then come back in a week or 3 to take it down and throw away the couple hundred dead flies .
 Seldom does a product live up to its ' advertising , but this one does . It has made our summer months much more enjoyable here in Florida .
 Bottom line , this fly trap works like a charm . We had a higher than usual amount of house flies in the house this summer , probably due to the excessive heat and lack of water . I tied one of these traps on to my trash can , which we keep outside next to our laundry room door . Within days , there were literally hundreds of flies in the bag . The bag has been out for about 3 weeks now and we have n't had a house fly . The bag is nearly 1/2 full of huge flies , mostly dead . I figure I 'll keep the bag hung until it fills up or summer ends , whatever comes first . Def . going buy another one of these next time we go camping . ONE WARNING
 I hung this near the back of my .3 acre property , and in just a couple weeks , it filled with dead flies , and the number of flies buzzing around our patio and back door decreased dramatically . I just ordered another one to keep it going . I wish there was a similar product for mosquitoes . Highly recommended !
 The first two days after hanging the bag , I wondered why I wasted my money . Not a dead fly in sight . By the 3rd day the bag had buzzing flies around the top and some had ventured inside . After the 3rd day , you might not want to look at the bag anymore . Disgusting ! By 2 weeks my husband had to change the bag , because it was full to the top with dead or dying flies . Right to the top ! This time I ordered the larger bag , since apparently , we had more flies in our yard than I ever imagined . It 's the 2nd day for the larger bag and once again , no flies in sight . I 'm not even worried this time , because I have no doubt that by tomorrow , flies will find our new bag and die without hesitation . Yes , the bag does stink and should be placed far away from your deck or patio , but I guess flies think the smell is beautiful . This product really does the trick !
 Had never used these before but with the drought and heat , flies were everywhere . While I was putting the first one up , I dropped it . Once it is full of water and you drop it , game over ! Split right open . Luckily I had ordered two . At first , did n't notice much action but after a few days , it filled up quick . Stinks to high heaven but , man , it works ! DO NOT hang it close to people areas . Am now on number three but it has totally drawn the flies away from our patio . Great stuff !
 My bug guy recommended these and they work great ... a bit stinky but not too bad . . certainly worth it to rid your yard of flys .
 I hung this fly trap over the front of my doorstep where I leave food for cats . Naturally many flies are attracted to this area . Also garbage attracts flies to front of house . But with this fly trap hanging in front , I have captured most of them leaving me free of annoying flies in front of my house .
 We 've used these for two years , and they are excellent . Less cumbersome to use than the Farnham fly traps , altho I would recommend a one gallon ziplock bag to put each one in after it 's full -LRB- about 1 1/2 inch of flies -RRB- and then because they stink badly -LRB- why do you think the flies love them so ? -RRB- , put them in the garbage quickly . You will also need to refill the water level a couple of times . Buy a bunch of them , because in our neck of the woods , the horse stores run out quickly in mid-August . They will save until next year if you buy too many .
 This product is very similar to another product I reviewed . So , for more detailed information , please see my other review . However , this product is much less expensive than the other trap I reviewed . So , for comparison , here are my observations :1 . This trap already has the bait installed in the trap . The bait is contained in a small plastic bag that dissolves when water is added , thus releasing the bait . While it is not a big deal to add the bait yourself , I did feel better about not having to touch the bait .2 . The bag is made of a thick celophane-type material which does not seem to be as strong as the other trap . I have not had a problem with this , but it just seems a little less sturdy .3 . The bag size is about half the size of the other trap . So , the trap must be changed out sooner than the other trap . Not a big deal , and can still be changed out 3 or 4 times for the same price as the other trap .4 . This trap has writing all over the bag which is fairly tacky hanging from the house . The other trap is clear with no writing .5 . The reason for the writing on the bag is because the bag acts as the packaging . Yes , that means that there is no wrapping or other packaging to throw away . This is ingenious from an environmental point of view . All you do is pop up the top , add some water , and it 's ready to go . Do n't make a mistake and try to `` open '' the bag . Doing so would ruin the trap.I love these traps and the fact that they are a viable alternative to spraying poisons all over the house .
 I have 1.16 acres and a dog w/free run and many ferrell cats in the area.These fly catchers dont look or smell pretty but they definately keep the flys to a minimum . giving me peaceful afternoons and evenings on the porch .
 This product is amazing . We live in a suburban neighborhood and for some reason our backyard always had flies . We have a small dog which does go in the backyard , but we always clean up after our dog . We were thinking maybe our neighbors whom many have dogs themselves perhaps do not thus the fly problem . Point is We tried sticky traps for flies , we tried bug zappers nothing worked . Then we saw this ordered it and AMAZING ! Within one dayof hanging it up there was at least 100 flies in it . By the end of the week it was FULL ! FULL ! FULL ! and I was able to walk in my yard and not see a fly ! This thing really works and for the price it cant be beat . THE ONLY problem is the product does have a strong odor which I would associate with rotten garbage , but if it is being used outside , simply hang in the back of the property and you wo n't even notice . You have to stand within 5 feet of it to smell it . Would not recommend for indoors . But for outdoors , WORKS AMAZING AND I JUST ORDERED TWO MORE ! in case the problem comes back I want to be ready ! but its been two weeks since we threw it out cause it was full and so far so good ! NO FLIES !!!
 Pros : Very good at attracting and trapping flies.Cons : A little awkward to set up . You have to cut out the top of the plastic bag which is a little tricky.The bags sometimes burst apart due to age , which can make a smelly mess.You have to use your own hanger . Hay twine works great.Overall , I 've found these to work better than most other traps on the market . A good quick and cheap fly control solution .
 THis is the second order of these fly traps . We tried a locally available fly trap after the first order was completely full of flies but the other brand just did n't do the job so we reordered these to use in our horse barn . These are WONDERFUL . Within minutes of hanging them , the flies started collecting . We hang them just over head level at each of the entrances to the barn and the arena and they do a superb job of ridding the barn of pesky flys that annoy our stallions .
 Stinks . Stinks BIG time . So put it at least 20 feet away from doors and windows or you 'll think the toilet is broken . BUT - this thing attracts and traps flies like crazy . Tried the `` As seen on TV '' trap and it is a joke . Rescue works !
 This fly trap really works well . I hung the fly trap in our cherry blossom tree which is located close to our trash cans and our huge pigeon cage . This time of year the Cherry Blossom tree is dropping cherries and with the high temp heat , they almost splatter when they hit the ground ... the flies love this ... plus we have a dog . So needless to say we have flies everywhere and I hate them . The flytrap has been hanging for two weeks and there are hundreds of flies in this thing . Especially during the hot afternoon it is swarming with flies , I have noticed a significant difference in the number of flies . They used to be all over the grass , all over the trash cans , The fly trap has made a big difference . Do n't get me wrong we still have flies ... but not like before . Every couple of days you have to make sure to check your trap to see if you need to add water to it , so the water stays at the fill line . I ended up buying this flytrap at Lowes .
 I bought three of these a month or so away from a planned outdoor event at the house where there will be a lot of people with food and drink . Flies are n't a big problem normally but I wanted to eradicate them so the guests would not be bothered . The amount of flies being caught is stunning . They must be coming from the tri-county area because there must be thousands . After only a week the bags are nearly full and it 's time to make another trip to the store . It 's pretty gross to think that many of the little buggers are out there.The reviews above are correct about placing these things . I have mine a bit too close to the deck and the smell is n't pleasant . You can guess what the company is using for bait . The next set is going out along the fence , and fortunately the neighbors house is some distance from that.These should be standard issue to all households . One can actually dream of eradicating the species from the continent .
 I live in a small rural city in Kentucky . There is a chicken farm up the road , horse farms everywhere and a grocery store about 1/8th of a mile away . We 've always had flys in the country , but NEVER as bad as this yr . I was using fly paper hanging from my flower hangers on the porch and killing about 100 a DAY outside and still killed around 20-25 in the house ! That was not controlling them at all . I finally read on Amazon about these traps . I bought 3 and put them around the house . After about a week and a half , the results have been AMAZING ! It has now been 3 1/2 weeks and I may get 2-3 in the house every OTHER day now . I 'm also not seeing them swarming around my porch or trash ! These suckers work ! I will definantly be purchasing a case of them for next year . They do stink , but as long as they are not close to your house you wo n't smell them . I 'd take a little stinkiness over fly infestation any day !! You wo n't be disappointed !!
 This is a good product . I have used it for years . The problem is that purchasing it is a problem . In some places it is about $ 4 and in other places it is double . I would just suggest you shop around or pay double .
 Great product , flies trap themselves inside and they die ! They die I tell you ! DIE !
 I have a vegetable garden and a flock of chickens . I get a lot of flies . This is a very effective way of cutting down the fly population . It 's easy to set up . Just fill to the line with water . A bag filled with some sort of organism , disolves and mixes with the water . In about 3 to 4 days it ferments adequately and the flies start coming . If you are downwind of this product , it is quite putrid smelling . In my yard , it takes about a month to fill with flies . I just put a grocery bag around the fly bag and tie it up . Very easy to dispose of . If you 've got outside animals/pets , you need this product .
 We never had a Fly problem until After we got the dog ... We clean the dog waste in the yard most every day but the flies are excessive . Opening the patio door for a BBQ would bring 10-20 Flies in the house.These Fly Traps are Fantastic!With 2 Fly Traps in the yard , the problem is cured . We leave the Patio door open for the afternoon for a BBQ and maybe 1-2 flies enter the house . A few flies are Manageable with a fly swatter ... We hang the 1st Trap in the yard 15 ft from the Patio and a 2nd Trap beside the Trash Cans on the other side of the house . I do spray the trash cans with insecticide around the lid to keep the flies out of the Trash -LRB- and assure they go for the Fly Trap -RRB- . In just an hour after hanging a fresh trap there are about 20 Flies inside . The Traps fill-up in 3-4 weeks and need to be disposed.For Trap disposal , closing the lid of the filled fly trap does not really `` seal '' it very well . I take a 1-gallon Ziploc bag , put the filled trap inside and seal the Ziploc before trashing . Any Live flies will escape the trap into the sealed Ziploc . Also any accidental tipping/spilling -LRB- Yuck ! -RRB- of the filled trap is avoided with a Ziploc.Dispose of a filled trap Before the flies start breeding inside.The Traps smell bad and 15 feet away from the Patio , downwind , seems optimal .
 Important
 i guess this is more for houseflies and less for biting flies that like live meat . it does have a rank odor , so needs to be used outside . i guess i 'll just stay with my sticky fly paper to catch the biting flies .
 We always have a fly problem in our backyard during the hottest parts of the summer probably due to our two dogs as well as the neighbor 's . I 've been using these traps for several years off and on . They have always had a nasty odor , but this year it seems worse than ever ! After a couple of days the trap literally smells like a dead deer or other large animal . When I arrive home , I can actually smell the trap when I get out of my car on the opposite side of the house about 30 yards away . For that reason , I think I am going to have to look for another solution for the fly issue . It 's getting to the point in the last couple of weeks that it 's negatively affecting the quality of our time spent outside in the garden or grilling -LRB- same goes for my neighbors , I 'm sure -RRB- . They DO work well ... it 's amazing that in a short period of time the trap is filled with hundreds of flies.At times I have had to add water because there are so many flies that the live ones are crawling over the dead ones floating on the top -LRB- admittedly not a pleasant thought -RRB- . At $ 5 a pop , though , it would be expensive to replace these traps several times a week , which is what I 'd probably need to do to keep the odor down . -LRB- I 'm not sure how bad this odor would be in a more mild climate . I live in the hot , humid south , which I think is the major problem -RRB- . They are recommended for outdoors and barns , which I 'm sure would be a great place for them.DO NOT use them inside . -LRB- Even if you have a problem with your sense of smell like another reviewer -RRB- . But , they WORK which is why I must give this four stars !
 I love these ! I board and foster dogs ... do I have a lot of poop . I hang it over the poop bucket and it really cuts the number of flies in my yard . It does get a little stinky , but only within a few feet of the trap.The only other thing is that it needs to be in a sunny location , at least part of the day .
 Within a day of hanging this product near our garbage cans there were at least 20 dead flies inside . The number of dead flies exploded in the following days . In two weeks there was a four inch deep pile of floating dead flies . The only down side is the product seems to attract flies from miles around , also it stinks from the smell of decaying flies . We moved it away from the house because of the smell .
 I LIVE IN CT AND WISH I FOUND THIS PRODUCT SOONER !!! , IT IS WORTH EVERY PENNY . WE HAVE CHICKENS AND IN 2 WEEKS OF PUTTING THIS BAG UP ATTACHED TO A TREE IT WAS FILLED TO THE TOP WITH DEAD FLIES -- I HAVE NOTICED A GREAT DIFFERENCE WHEN SITTING ON MY DECK IN THE SUMMER THERE ARE HARDLY ANY FLIES BUZZING AROUND THE FOOD . I ALSO HAVE A HORSE FARM NEXT DOOR THE OWNER DOES A GREAT JOB IN CONTROLLING THE FLIES ON THE FARM BUT I PURCHASED ONE FOR HIM TO USE HOPEFULLY IT WILL HELP EVEN MORE . . THANKS KIM
 I bought one of these as well as those sticky fly strips . Of course I got home and opened the bag not understanding how this is supposed to work . Was able to use my seal-a-meal to reseal it closed again.Hung this up as well as a couple strips and after one day , the bag was full whereas the flys ignored the strip.After one week , bag is almost full and the strip has about 10 flys.Headed to store later today to buy a few more of these bags .
 I have been using these traps for a few seasons now and they work really well . The warmer the weather , the better they work . The problem is with the smell . The smell like rotten meat and thats what attracts the flies.It is recommended that you add water to them to keep the trap active so that they last longer and that extends the life of the trap . Still the smell is horrible . We recently moved to a home with a small yard and found that the traps are actually causing a bigger fly problem than they are solving . While they are filling up quickly , they are attracting more flies than can get into the trap and thus our yard is covered with the insects.I gave the traps a four star rating because they are very good , but very stinky and not really good for small yards really hot temps , 100 + .
 My little dog and I were getting attacked by flies every time we sat in our front yard . We purchased this trap , hung it from the tree , and within days the trap was full of flies . We have been able to sit outside relax and enjoy ourselves without being bothered by flies . Can not tell you how nice it is to be fly free !!! Great trap !!!
 so after mounting the fly trap in my patio where the annoying fly problem is , i 'm sitting there and thinking to myself , `` whoa ... that thing sure is catching a lot of flies ! but it sure does smell , and there 's even more flies than before ! `` apparently in my haste , i hung the trap without fully reading the instructions , which says to hang it somewhere near a fly source to `` DRAW THE FLIES AWAY . `` d'oh ! my neigbors were probably wondering where all their flies went .
 These things work great ! Make sure you follow the directions to open/set it up , then fill it with water and hang someplace out of the way where the flies collect . I 've hung ours about 50 feet from our patio , under a pine tree where we have a quail block feeding the birds . Lots of flies gather round there , and these traps fill up quickly . Nary a fly makes it to our patio , even when we have our meals out there . Before the fly trap , we were constantly swatting and shooing flies while sitting on the patio . So glad I found these ! Only downfall , they are a little stinky , I can smell it when I walk by about 8 feet away , but since it 's not close to our ` living space ' , it 's no problem .
 I recently started raising quail and was concerned when flies started swarming my pen . Even though I cleaned the pen every day the flies were everywhere . I looked on line for different fly traps and decided on this one . I bought four traps and hung them from my pen . Within 10 minutes there were flies already landing on the traps . That was a week ago and there is now about an inch to an inch and a half layer of dead flies inside each trap . There are also probably 20-30 live flies inside each trap that will soon be dead . I read some reviews where the people said the traps had a bad odor . I now have eight traps around my pen and there is no noticeable odor . These traps are n't going to work over night , but if you have a fly problem they are a must .
 Purchase my trap from Walmart because I was sick of nasty flies biting my dogs . I placed the trap in a spot close by my dogs to lure them away ... it catches about 60 flies a day . My trap is in partial shade but when the sun shines directly on it , those flies go crazy .
 It 's springtime in Arizona . We have two big dogs , a small yard and they really pile it on . ;-RRB- I set out this fly trap and am overwhelmed with the amount of flies it caught . It 's easy to set up , has a less than rosy scent -LRB- if you 're inclined to stick your nose up to it -RRB- and may not make the best yard ornament . But it works really well . Two weeks of use and I need a new one just to reset the process . Almost feel bad for the little buggers ... almost ... okay , not really .
 these fly traps work better then all the others i have tried . we operate a 11 stall barn and these keep the fly 's down like they should .
 This thing is amazing , I got one after seeing it in action at a friends house . WARNING Be sure not to spill any of the contents what so ever , mine fell off the tree I had it up in and months later I still smell the bait in that area and it smells like death .
 Works great ! Totally disgusting how many flies it traps !! The smell is awful , so hang out of way of human traffic .
 I got this because I absolutely hate house flies . They make me feel sick just seeing them . Dirty little pests . The worst vermin . Anyway I was pleased with this and would recommend it .
 At first I thought this was n't working . After about 3 days , the flys started to accumulate . After a couple weeks , the back was completely full of flies , and they are n't buzzing around my head anymore . The smell is quite noticeable , though . You 'll definitely want to keep this away from doors and windows .
 It might smell , but it does attract flies in massive numbers . In the summer I fill two of these up with flies in a matter of a couple of weeks . I 'll happily keep using them .
 we always have a lots of flys and do n't want to use fly spray . This is a trap that really works
 This thing stinks , as in smells horrible , when you first set it up - DO NOT BE DETERRED - it works like a charm , and made my backyard a much more pleasant place to hang out .
 I am currently living in Eastern Africa and put one of these bags out after seeing them in action in the Middle East . We take all our meals outdoors under a tukul -LRB- grass hut -RRB- and the fly 's were terrible . I ordered a couple bags to send home to bring back from leave . Where I am there is n't even addresses or postal service . Once I added water and hung it off a tree limb it began to put off a smell -LRB- 10-15 foot radius -RRB- something like stale urine . Within a month the bag was totally full of dead flys ; atleast 1,000 of them . Probably the best money I 've even spent . The local fly problem is 99 % solved .
 This works just as advertised . Traps the flies and then kills them . Very useful if have a lot of farm animals like we do or just have a lot of flies in the area .
 It will fill up an entire bag with flies in no time but ... I smells really bad , you need a lot of space between your house and wherever you place it
 We have a small portico attached to our house . The flies love the area . We 've tried fly strips , moderate effectiveness . Well , my husband picked this out , since it 's been so hot in Central California this year . The first day we had about 5 or 6 flies in there , which was great . The next day we had , literally 30 or more , the next day 50 or more . We 've had it up for a week now and it is a sea of dead flies and still working . We will get more for camping . Thank you
 This thing is basically a bag of dehydrated poop that one hangs outside to catch flies . Upon arrival , I carefully cut on the dotted line -LRB- thanks to previous reviews -RRB- and poured the water in . I used a bit of butchers yarn to fashion a hanging noose around the top , plugged my nose and quickly hung it outside by the Pooping Tree ... the tree in the backyard that is the designated dog bathroom . I waited a few hours to check and YES - there were those nasty , fat flies dead in the bottom of the bag already . I am now pleased with my purchase !! Two complaints about the item however ... It is terribly ugly , and I had to hang it BEHIND the pooping tree , hidden behind a few leaves , to cover it up . Perhaps if it was green instead of bright yellow , it would n't be such an eyesore . I also wish it was biodegradable . That would make it even better.Otherwise , I would recommend this product to anyone .
 These work great . I saw them at my Grandma 's house and hers were disgustingly full of flies . We have been having a fly problem at my house here in TX , something that always pops up around the April/May timeframe , so I wanted to try them out . My local WalMart was completely sold out of them and when I asked if they were expecting more anytime soon , I was told they ca n't keep them in stock so apparently a lot of people around here have the same idea . I ordered two and received them earlier today , very quickly . I hung two out front , one on the left and one on the right , a pretty good distance away of course , from the front door . They are attracting flies very quickly and I already have quite a few inside both of them . These are a good product and they work . The only thing I do n't like about them is the stench . However , I hung them away from the door to attract flies away from the door and so I could sit on my porch without my nostrils being assaulted .
 I have never seen a product work this good . I ordered two and hung one in the front yard and one in the back . It took a couple days after hanging it up for it to start working . All of a sudden it was filled with hundreds of flies ! It really helps in keeping the flies from coming in my house . I am ordering two more . One as an extra in the front yard and one for my horse stalls . Awesome product!I must say that you better read the directions carefully about placement because it smells really really bad . I almost got sick just hanging it in the tree . But it is well worth holding your nose a couple minutes to install it because this really works well . I highly recommend these .
 These traps attract and catch flies like crazy ! I put this up in my chicken pen because with spring time upon us it seems like flies are everywhere . Within an hour it had caught many flies . A few weeks later and its still catching . It 's time to replace it because its nearly full . Our fly problem has been dealt with in this trap . I do n't think I will waste my time with any other trap since this works so well . If you want to get rid of those flies -LRB- and gnats -RRB- get this . Just be sure to put it where the flies are , in my case , in the chicken pen .
 I rarely write reviews , unless something is exceptional . Especially about bug stuff , yuck . But this thing works , and it works GREAT . It does smell some , so it 's best away from common areas -LRB- and certainly outdoors not indoors -RRB- . But this has helped a TON in taking care of some serious fly problems around our trash and hens . Thanks for a great product !!
 I have a weak stomach and read all the reviews about this trap smelling bad albeit effective . So , I followed the instructions and hung this trap in our backyard . It did n't smell as bad as I thought it would . Literally , within seconds , flies were hovering around the trap . Well , I forgot all about it for around a month until my wife told me that it was full and disgusting . There were 100 's if not 1000 's of flies that looked like black mush as well as live ones crawling inside of the bag . In addition , there were fruit fly looking bugs all around the opening.Well , let me just say that I caught a whiff and threw up from the smell . It smelled like a rotting dead animal or worse . What made it worse was that some of the liquid spilled on my hand when I carried it to the trash.In summary , I will definitely use this trap again.Some tips :1 . Check fhe bag periodically .2 . Wear gloves and face mask when disposing .3 . Place in airtight bag before throwing away .4 . Never use this thing indoors ! 5 . Wash hands thoroughly afterwards.Good bye flies!BTW
 Having fulfilled my wish to have backyard chickens , I realized that flies come with them . This product does n't smell great , but does the trick if you have lots of flies . They charge you the price of the item for shipping , no matter how many you buy , though . I fou d them @ Home Depot and bought ten !
 I bought this fly trap bag to hang in the backyard where my two dogs potty . Even though I keep the waste picked up , there are still flies.This product has worked beyond all my expectations ! The bag filled within three inches from the top in just a few days.HINT
 After moving in with our horses to previous cow property we fought the flies and the flies won!I tried several different items yet found this trap to be the absolute best ! Hae recommended it to others and they love it too.Think I have caught a billion flies with it over the past 7 years and it is priceless .
 For the Rescue Fly Trap to really work , one must first reduce the number of things around your home that the flies may be more attracted to.Why ? Because flies tend to swarm to the same place/s all at once , so you need to make sure your Rescue Fly Trap is the only place they can go . For example , flies seem to prioritize feeding on pet feces before breeding , so you should try to clean up your pet 's stool every time they go and to toss it in a tightly sealed , plastic-lined trash can . Second , hang the Rescue Fly Trap in a shaded area where the flies would go regardless of a fly trap , but make sure it 's far enough from your home so they 're never disturbed . Finally , consider removing any traps you 've previously been using , such as those sticky ones often hung from patio awnings ; not only do they risk bringing flies into closer proximity of your home , but they serve as direct competition to your Rescue Fly Trap , especially if there 's already tons of flies stuck on them ... they also look gross!If you follow the above steps I think you will notice , as I did , that the Rescue Fly Trap actually becomes more and more effective with the more flies it traps and the less places the flies might otherwise want to hang out . After all flies do travel in swarms ! Hope this helps .
 This fly trap is great . While it looks simple enough at first glance , read the directions before use -- and definitely before attacking it with scissors . Plan ahead before preparing the bait trap -- tie your string ahead of filling , and know where you plan to hang it in advance , away and downwind from outdoor living space . The bag is slightly awkward to maneuver after it is filled with water.This advice came with a price in a home where our motto is `` read the directions , stupid . '' First we cut the plastic too much , requiring surgical repair . Then we originally hung the trap too close to the patio , drawing flies and stench to the living area . While untying the string to move the trap to a better location , lost grip on the water-filled bag and it crashed to the cement , rupturing putrid liquid on the patio , clothes , shoes , etc. . Keep out of reach of dogs , for they are drawn to the stink.Second trap was masterfully accomplished by carefully cutting the bag , hanging in a pre-selected tree branch away and downwind from the patio , out of reach from the dog . The device is truly a fly magnet . We bought three of these traps . Within 24 hours , there are hundreds of flies in each of the bags ! We are enjoying our mornings on the patio once again . We plan to replace the three traps with two new ones in about a week estimated from the sheer number of trapped flies in one day , and to interrupt the fly reproduction cycle . Very effective product . Recommend without hesitation .
 Have used many products and this one is by far the best . Word of warning , do NOT use indoors or near the house as the smell is very unpleasant . It gets gross once it starts filling up , so keep out of reach of kids and the squeamish . But for plain old fly catching , it 's great and will eliminate flies in problem areas .
 I purchased this product last Fall on a close out sale at a huge national retailer . It worked perfectly . This year I returned to the same retailer in July and they had sold out of the Rescue Brand Fly Traps and did n't plan on restocking until next year . They talked me into purchasing another brand . Needless to say the other brand did n't work . We live next to a cattle pasture and the flies are outrageous near our home . I hung the `` other '' brand fly trap on the fence between the pasture and my driveway and a week later there were a few flies in the trap . I ordered the Rescue Brand Fly Trap from Amazon and hung 3 of them on the same fence . 3 days later I had to replace the Rescue Brand TrapsRESCUE ! FTD-DT12 Disposable Fly Trapbecause they were FULL OF FLIES . I will not use another brand trap because I am not a wealthy person and can not waste money . The Rescue brand Fly is the one that works . Do n't waste your time or money with any other brand .
 Extremely effective . Very pleased with this product . Living in an older home in San Diego where few homes have air conditioning , we keep our windows open for ventilation . Unfortunately this lets all sorts of pests inside , mainly annoying flies . Plus , our neighbors have three dogs , which I think are attracting the flies to our area . Last weekend I discovered the Rescue trap at Home Depot . I was skeptical , but I bought it and started to set it up on the fence bordering the neighbors . To my amazement , it caught two flies before I had even finished hanging it ! In an hour it was swarming with flies helplessly trapped inside the bag . In another hour when the sun began to shine on it and warm up the liquid , there were hundreds of flies inside . It was fly genocide ! 24 hours later and the population has been reduced significantly . There are no flies in the house . Amazing .
 I am a dog breeder and I have eight large 110 lb dogs . There is also a pig farm next to us . WE HAVE TONS OF FLIES . I have used many different brands and for the money the rescue fly trap works the best . Next is the Big Stinky which is reusable . This ` rescue ' one is re-usable if you do not get it filled with flies . just keep filling it with water . Dont let it dry out.I use the stinkiest powder for my reusables . I also put a dead fish head in my reusables.Word of CAUTION ! do not cut OUTSIDE the line that rescue says to cut - in the top of the plastic bag . Also Do not hang these anywhere you intend to spend a lot of time . I hang mine in trees near the kennel.Dogs love this product and will tear it down , roll in it and eat the flies . It is not poisonous but VERY STINKY so your dogs will be intollerable to be around.Do not place these in or around your favorite porch . Hang then about 20 feet or so down wind and away from porch .
 I 'm on my third one of these ... They work GREAT !! I have them hanging about eye level . Takes about two days to get going , then they start filling with flys ! The only draw back is the odor ! They smell like a dead rodent ! I think it 's worth the smell ... no more flys !!
 I live near a dairy farm , so flies are abundant in my back yard . This trap is amazing . It attracts and traps countless flies . Read and follow the instructions , cut carefully , extend cylinder , fill with water , and hang . You will be amazed and very likely disgusted at how many flies it will catch.Due to the horrible smell , I like to hang this trap away from seating areas and out of direct traffic . Do not hang it near windows . Flies seem to love the stench , but if you have anyone visiting , I recommend moving it to a distant location . I temporarily tie it to the dumpster on the other side of the yard if we have guests ; keeps from having to toss it when it is still useful.Be very careful when you dispose of this . I prefer to wear gloves , then a couple of plastic grocery bags to bundle it tightly . You do not want to spill the contents . Really , it 's that disgusting.Price is under $ 5 at the big box home improvement stores .
 I concur with the most helpful reviewers , -LRB- thorough job , thanks guys ! -RRB- They work great . BTW , The directions do say to put it in shade in hot weather , in the sun during cold weather . DO NOT put near your windows , doors , or food . It smells like a dead rat , took us days trying to locate the stench until we realized it was the trap . The smell only carries a few yards perhaps , but it attracts all the flies in the area . I initially put ours in our screened in porch so that flies would n't enter the house , bad idea . We hung it on a shepard 's hook and relocated it near our trash cans ; problem solved !
 I just purchased one of these disposable fly traps about 2 days ago & I see that the flies are super attracted to this fly trap & the attractant solution in it . The fly trap already has about 2 inches of dead & drown flies in the attractant solution which is maybe the equivalent of 1500 or more flies already trapped so far in it since I hung it outside . Yahoo for that !! Also , my sister who works at the Home Depot where I purchased this trap for the first time to try , she told me `` that people are always coming in to buy this specific fly trap or more of them because they say that it works really well , is very effective & probably one of the best fly traps out there '' . Therefore , this was a good purchase for me to try for flies because it does in fact work well & is effective . I will be buying more of these for my yard before Summer is over .
 I found these at Walmart for $ 4-5 each . We hung a couple up and within a few days , there was at least a two inch layer of flies in both of them . They definitely stink - the only thing I can compare it to is the smell or rotting potatoes that you forgot were in your pantry . It 's the same exact smell and the flies seem to love it . Hang it downwind and definitely do n't use it indoors . We made the mistake of hanging one in the garage next to the garbage cans and had to move it outdoors a day later . But they work like a charm!We also used one when we camped last weekend . We 'll be keeping a couple of these with the camping gear for future use .
 I 'm writing this right before I purchase my second one . I had previously tried this company 's refillable product and after such a horrible experience , I went looking around.The beauty of this product is that it 's self contained . You hang it up , put in water and throw away the bag -LRB- after pushing down the plastic piece -RRB- when full . Easy.Sure , the smell is n't great , but I only have to smell it when I 'm by the garbage area where I 've done the installation.The company did something with this product that is great
 I ca n't believe some people used this inside their homes ... it specifically states to use it outdoors . I recommend using this in an isolated area , not near your patio or barbecue setting , because it STINKS ! It works like a charm . We have regular nasty little houseflies , and we hung one out by our dog run -LRB- the dog 's bathroom and where we keep our garbage cans , which we regularly keep clean , but still loads of flies frequent it -RRB- . We have been using this particular fly trap for years . Just make sure to keep it filled with water -- I do not think it is overpriced , as one reviewer stated , because it can last you a LOOOOOONG time as long as you keep it filled with water . If you need a GREAT indoor fly trap , may I suggest this
 The trap killed hundreds of flies in the course of a week and in fact there were so many that new victims took a while to die because they could n't drown for all the previous victims on top of the water making it safe for new ones . But they die eventually . I did notice that a seam near the top started to split after a few days and I patched with standard scotch tape . Make sure you hang it a good distance from where people will be because you will smell it occasionally .
 I bought a box of these . We had a delivery problem on our end ... not the company 's fault . They replaced the shipment with total cooperation and even though I offered to pay , they did it at no charge . Then I installed the traps and they started working right a way . I caught more flies in one day with this trap than I did with a month of an expensive glass jar type . Great company !
 We used it in our house , in our backyard . We had a lot of flies . The fly trap got rid of ALL of them , and more . We 've been enjoying flyless backyard ever since . 4 months already .
 I purchased two of these traps . I have them about 20 feet from each other . On cool days there are not that many flies in our yard - but bring out some sunshine and it just goes downhill !! We have 3 dogs and neighbors with dogs . No matter how quickly you clean up after them , flies abound . These traps are filling so quickly with flies that I look forward to buying the next two traps when the time comes around - If you have flies , try these ! I have no odor issues from them - They simply do their job . Low cost and it is so much nicer than walking around the house with a fly swatter !
 These things are amazing . We moved in August 2008 to the country , not too far from a dairy . The first year we put out one and although it helped the flies were so bad I thought I was going to have to move again . Last year we used them again but did n't get them up early enough . The flies were already here by this time . It really helped but they were still bad . This year I put them out right after the final freeze and I can not believe that we hardly have any flies around . Of course , they are around and in the traps . We could never eat outside , leave our screen door open . It was unenjoyable to say the least . I can now leave my screen door open for hours at a time and I might get an occasional fellow that makes his way in . All I can say is awesome !!!! So ... Here is what I learned . Put the traps in the same place every year . We put them about 30 feet from the house on T-Posts . Put them out right after the final freeze . When one trap starts filling up and you know it is about time to replace , start another one and hang it in the same spot for at least a week . It takes a bit to get the flies to attract to it and you do n't want to have a couple of days without one going . We have two right now that are so full that I have to start a third just about two weeks after I started the second.They stink to high heaven so do n't put them anywhere near where you might eat or an open window . They do get maggots in them , so that 's gross . I have found the stinkier the better so I leave them up much longer than the recommended time .100 % worth the money
 I bought this product and the one advertised on TV . I put them both in my back yard about 20 feet apart and Rescue FTD beat the TV product hands down . There are only 2 flies in the TV model but lots of flies in the Rescue bag . This is a great deal and great product !
 I bought one of these traps 3 years ago . No , they could not keep them in stock in the stores . This year I got smart , and decided to try Amazon . Yippy !!! This thing has to go out in the yard though ; it smells like rotting flesh ; no kidding . Hung it in the tree at least 25 feet away from my deck , and it it fabulous . I put it up maybe one month ago , and the bag is 3 inches deep in flies , approx 3 thousand or more . Fly eggs have nestled at the bottom of the bag also , about 1/2 inch thick . Disgusting , but wonderful . Now my family can eat on the deck without constantly swatting flies.May 2012
 hung two of these in our pet area . within 2 hours had trapped flies . problem solved . easy to use . Since I do n't read instructions I ruined the first one by cutting open the plastic bag that I had to put water into . Then read the instructions , quite simple . You need to have some line or wire to hang it . Editing this review 2 weeks later ... had 2 '' of dead flies in the traps so replaced them . We live on the edge of the forest ... there are active black bears here ... last night a black bear came by and pulled down the fly traps . Ruined of course . Smelly stuff on the ground . If I can figure out how , where , to bring the traps in at night I 'll definitely put more up . Bears have a 10 day to 14 days repeat in their travels I think . . unsure how to handle this wrinkle ...
 These are an absolute essential . We also live in an area where neighbors have chickens , horses , etc. , and consequently , there is a high fly population . Put these fly traps up and you 'll be amazed at how well they work . I think we only used two of these last season -LRB- but not at the same time -RRB- and had no problems with flies.They are about a buck and a half cheaper at Lowe 's though .
 It works , maybe too well ? I do n't think my small backyard has that much flies , where the bag got filled up in about 2-3 days . Sometimes I think its attracting flies from the whole town or something . Also , they sell it for about 5 dollars at home depot . I do n't even fill it up to the fill line because if I do it all the way up there , there 's not that much room to trap flies . -LRB- I used to fill to the line , but then one bag literally filled up in a day and a half . -RRB- So instead I filled it to half-way of the fill-line and the flies are still going in like crazy .
 No joke , this trap is amazing ! We were having a problem with flies in our kitchen so I hung this out by the trash bins . Within a week , the water was black . At the end of a hot day , the sound of the trapped flies buzzing their final buzzes can be heard from ten feet away . I will be buying more .
 Have used both this fly trap and the Flies Be Gone fly trap . My home is in high plains , with sagebrush and pine trees nearby , in a rural setting . Both fly traps capture literally hundreds of flies after a couple of weeks . Hard to tell if it 's keeping flies out of my log home -- will know this fall when the flies are really trying to get inside to keep warm . I 'm thinking the flies that are around my house now would be much more numerous without the traps . Do not put the traps next to your home , though . These traps attract from a large area and if the traps are next to your home they may actually attract more flies to your home . The traps should be at least 40 or 50 feet away from your home . The Flies Be Gone smells much worse than the Rescue Disposable Fly Trap and does n't seem to work any better . It 's also more expensive , so I 'll probably just start using the Rescue trap . Also , these traps are so malodorous that they are not easy to dispose of . I do n't think you want them sitting in your garbage can for very long . If you do n't dispose of them in a thick bag -- such as the bags made for trash compactors -- your garbage is really going to stink . Spill one of these traps -LRB- especially the Flies Be Gone trap -RRB- somewhere while disposing of them and you will regret it for a long tme !
 Rescue Fly Traps are the most effective way I have found to seriously reduce the fly population . It is easy to set up and begins to work pretty quickly , within the day . Disposing is as easy as putting it in a plastic bag and tossing in the garbage . The only downside is being downwind because of the smell that attracts the flies . I figured out a placement that allows me to enjoy my backyard without flies , without smell . I had to move it a couple of times initially until I found the spot that works . Now I just use that spot and enjoy . You will be amazed at the hundreds of flies that can collect in the trap -- more flies than you thought you had . Overall , it is 5 stars for Rescue Fly Trap .
 This works really well . I have an opening cut into the bottom of my screen door so my cats can go in and out and , of course , the flies find the opening too . They then get into the kitchen and lay eggs in the cats ' food . Yuck ! Since I hung this just outside the screen door a week ago , only three flies have made it to the kitchen . I use the back door constantly and the odor is not that bad - really only noticeable if you walk right up to it . I thought about buying the reusable one until I read the reviews about the cost of the refills . I 'll stick with the disposable . My only complaint is that while Amazon 's unit price is lower than Home Depot or Lowes , by the time you add in shipping , this is one of the very few times it 's cheaper to buy locally .
 I have been using these for years . I have currently 7 horses and 8 dogs . Those numbers change but one thing does n't change is that animals draw flies . It probably does n't help that I live next to a 6000 acre cow ranch . I have tried fly predators and they worked a tiny bit but when I put out these traps , wow what a difference ! I ca n't imagine how horrible the flies would be without them.I line them up about 5 in a row along my fence line at the edge of my property and they fill up in a week . I just toss them in the dumpster on trash day so I do n't have to deal with the smell in my trash cans . Then I put 5 or so more out for the next week . They draw the flies away from the animals .
 I have chickens which attract flies and I think flies are some of the most disgusting creatures on this earth . Within 3 hours of putting this baby up I had at least 80 dead flies and I was in love . I am so buying more .
 I ordered two of these . I hung one in my back yard about a month ago . NO FLIES IN SIGHT !! I have one for next year if I need it !! I 'd give this 10 stars if I could !! Very Very happy with results .
 flies love dog poop and that 's what this trap smells like , but WOW IT WORKS GREAT . after 3 weeks we have hundreds of flies in this trap , and no flies left on our deck .
 Considering what I have noted from other reviewers , our fly problem -LRB- caused by our dog 's waste -RRB- is n't that bad . However , on day 2 of leaving the bag out , hundreds of flies starting scrambling to get in ! There a party in the bag and everyone wants in!Although , this product did not seem to attract regular houseflies , only the larger species -LRB- Blue Bottle , I think -RRB- could not resist the bait . I do n't even know where they were coming from because there must be about a 500 flies in the bag after 5 days.We would have liked it to attract the regular houseflies but overall , we are happy with this product and will order more .
 This is a great product ! I have used it to hang on the outside of our dog kennel ... I was having a terrible time keeping the flies off of our dogs and their ears were paying the price while we were away at work . I bought two of these fly traps and my dogs are bite free ! Just make sure you hang out of reach of the dogs if you are going to use it for this reason . My dogs tried to get to them because they do put off an odor and would attract a dog . This product works I love the sight of more flies in the bag every time I go get my dogs from the kennel .
 I initially bought the reusable fly trap from the same manufacturer but because the 4 holes on top are about the same diameter as drinking straws , I saw many flies hesitate about going in and then fly away . I saw my neighbor had this disposable fly trap and it was full of flies . I wanted to get one that would sit on the ground and be easily moved to where it was needed.I saw from the manufacturer 's web site that they do sell a version made from a 2L soda bottle but I could n't find any store around me that sold it . I was n't about to mail order it because shipping would double the price of the trap.Then I decided to make my own soda bottle trap . I bought the disposable trap from a big box home improvement store and removed the plastic top . Since it 's made to be hung it does n't stay open on its own . I used my hot melt glue gun so that it always stayed open.I then cut off the top of a 2 liter soda bottle at first making a small hole and then enlarging it until it was a good fit with the yellow plastic . Then I hot melt glued it together.Initially I used the lure that came with the trap but I did n't want to keep buying those once a month so I did a web search and found someone who said just add water and sugar and distilled white vinegar together . It takes a few days sitting in the sun for it to start working but it does a good job . I keep refilling the bottle from the top and it can hold a lot of flies ! It also has a side benefit of catching roaches that fall in . When the bottle filled up I let it dry out and then threw it away in a plastic bag and made another one!I also put the plastic bag of the disposable trap around the soda bottle . I pulled the bag down so that about an inch of the bottle below the yellow plastic was showing . The flies in the trap spend most of their time walking around the inside of the bottle in this clear area looking for a way out.I also found that the soda bottle was not very stable so I put it in a heavy plant pot.Works great !!!!
 We bought one of these for use at our company as the dumpster area has been moved nearer our roll up door and we noticed we were getting a lot more flies through the door than usual . It works great and we get so many less flies coming in through the door . It does stink . Several customers that have taken a short cut through the area under where it hangs have remarked on the smell , and we can smell it when we head out to the dumpster . The usual comment is `` Did something die ? '' . So move it as far away from the area you want to use as is practical . But it does its job very , very nicely and keeps the flies away from the door .
 I first purchased these in upstate NY were the flies were horrendous . I tied them to a couple of trees in the yard and WOW !! They filled up so fast with flies I could not believe it ; I did not know there were that many flies around my house . After about three days I had to replace it with the extra I bought and it was full in three days . Clean up is easy . All you have to do is push the yellow top down and it is sealed . They definitely work !!
 I 've bought several different * re-usable * fly traps , with very minimal success . Every one of these rescue disposable traps I hang up fills completely up with flies . These things work very well .
 I originally purchased this because this summer because I was killing two or three flies in my house every single day . I could n't figure out they were getting in , so I decided to hang this in my basement to draw the flies away from my living area and into this trap . The trap uses an egg white bait , but once you put the water in to activate it , it obviously uses the smell to attract the flies . It stunk and I could n't stand the smell in the house , so I hung it out near my trash cans . It works great , I collected a trap full of flies -LRB- probably * literally * a thousand flies -RRB- in about a week or two . So , while it works to trap flies , it 's no good indoors , which is why I originally purchased it . I bought an electric tennis racket thing to terminate the indoor ones .
 My mother owns four chickens and they 're flys constantly surrounding them , I did some research and found this product . I ordered two due to the good reviews and I hung one up near the chickens -LRB- outside -RRB- I came back to my mothers about four days later and I was surprised at how many fly were trapped inside ! I highly reccomend this product .
 These actually work . It does seem to take a day or three to finally start really attracting flies . Word of caution . Put them well away from the patio , front , or porch doors or the area where you spend time . They do smell like , uh , well , like fly attractant if you know what I mean ;--RRB- They reek ! Also remember , they attract those pesky flies in your area , but I think they can attract them from miles away also , LOL . Worked for me .
 We use these around the yard and they can fill up fast . I wish they were a little less expensive as sometimes wego through a bag every other day . They do trap a lot of flies .
 These are the best fly traps , they catch way more flies than several other brands I tried.They work consistently . Thanks .
 These things are disgustingly good . U cant help but look as it fills up with disgusting flys . YUCKY but sure works . I tried another brand and it didnt attract not one stinking fly . Stick to these .
 This trap works to attract and trap those pesty small and medium size fliesthat like to sit on your food while eating outside.In one week of use it accumulated a layer of dead flies that was over 2 inches thick.It does not seem to be very effective with big horse flies .
 I found the Fly Traps to be very effective , however if the bag was a little bigger , then I would have said it was a perfect product .
 We have had a fly problem in our chicken coop and this has worked fabulously for getting rid of flies - after only 2 days there are probably 40 flies in it ! Will be hanging the second one next to the dog poop garbage can ! Great product .
 We have used this particular brand of Fly Trap for several years now ... they are absolutely wonderful !
 These traps are very effective in attracting and capturing flys . My first one was full within a few days , so I disposed of it by sealing it in a gallon sized zip lock bag and placing it in the trash . A second one filled within a week , and now I have a third up and have very few flys in my patio area -LRB- and most of them are in the trap -RRB- .
 Last year we had a terrible fly problem . We got to the point of hanging smelly fly strips in our house . I got the Rescue Fly Trap this year and the entire bag was full in a week ! They used to cover our house when it was hot out , but not anymore ! I have n't even had to buy a refill because the dead flies that are already in the trap attract more flies ! I love this thing and will buy more for the years to come !
 I 've tried different fly trap products . This one is way superior to other brands !!! Filled with flies in a few days while the other one was still empty .
 The best fly trap available . I had an enormous fly problem in my back yard and tried EVERYTHING available to get rid of them . This is the first product that has ever worked completely . Highly recommend to everyone looking for fly relief !
 This thing catches THOUSANDS of flies in just a few days ... and i live in a suburban neighborhood ... where do they all come from ??? ... all i can say is ... it works ... like others have said ... i would n't put it too close to the house as it fills up fast and starts to smell ... but it truly does catch any and all flies in the area !!
 This fly trap worked really really well . After a few weeks there was n't any more room for flies but it seemed to take care of the problem because I did n't feel the need to put up another trap . The smell is bad but only if you are close to it , so certainly only for outdoors . I highly recommend this product if you have any issues with flies .
 I had this attached to my balcony while i was living in NYC and it stayed on nicely , never fell or faultered on me . For the price you can not go wrong . If you are looking for a more accurate reading , you may want to spend some money . The only problem with it was that if the sun is directly beating on it , it may show the temperature over 100 degrees when in fact it is only 80 .
 I ordered this for my brother 's Christmas and was gambling on quality since there were no previous reviews . I am posting now because this sign is PERFECT ! I was shocked at how quickly my order was delivered & also the professional quality . This is not some cheap sign that looks like a toy . It looks like the DMV designed & produced it for legitimate use . My brother is so thrilled with it that he plans to order a second one for his driveway & use this one in his parking place at work . I definitely recommend this seller & any of their signs . Thanks for making my brother smile every morning when he gets to work & sees this great sign for many years to come !
 This trap has lured in scores of yellow jackets in my yard . The trap is easy to use and reuseable year after year , with refills . As it says on the directions , placement is extremely important ! Move the trap to sunny spots for more victims . It does not attract bees -LRB- good -RRB- but it does n't attract hornets -LRB- bad -RRB- . I have found the Sterling product much more effective than the large jar-like one with tubing at 90 degree angles .
 I 've made all manner of yellowjacket traps , with some success . On a whim , I bought somed Rescue Disposable Yellowjacket Traps -LRB- the bag type -RRB- and the amount of insects it caught was awesome . What I 've settled on is this attactant , placed in a bottle with a hole in it.The attractant works extremely well -LRB- heed their warning about placing the trap 20 feet away from area people are in , as well as the warning not to get any of this on you while setting a trap -RRB- . I am just amazed at how many yellowjackets this will bring to the traps.The way I use it is with empty milk or juice bottles . Cut a hole on the upper bottle -LRB- I just cut a plus sign about 1 inch wide and fold the flaps into the bottle -RRB- and put the attractant inside . Add water to about 2 inches below the hole . Set out on the ground and it 's done . With several of these set out over a few weeks , I 've completely killed off nests . It 's amazing stuff .
 Not as convenient or last as long as the cartridge refills . But are more avallable at Lowe 's . Have to go on-line for the cartridges .
 I have been using this for many years . Use the yellow plastic tube units , get the 10 week cartridge , and place this bait on it when it gets weak , reuse with this bait in the larger cartridge each year , but check that there are no webs covering the bottom holes and/or internal cone hole , or YJ 's will leave . It works very well to catch queens looking to build nests in April , and keep out until Sept. to get workers of queens that were missed . Very effective . Move to another location if no luck in 2 weeks , or very few . Load indoors or you might get stung . Hint , this old fish smell works well in the spring , sweet attractant works better before hybernation in the fall .
 Great price fast shipping also the product works great when the Yellowjackets are around put in the trap when you spot them and try to catch the Queen .
 There are different types of yellow jackets and apparently different attractants for each one . Posting so people will know this attractant works in Southern California . We put it up at the end of summer and got lots of yellow jackets.Next year we 'll get it up in mid-Spring and try to catch the queens before they nest .
 This is a very effective bait . It captured only yellow jackets . The honey bees continued to do their good work in the garden . When you include the shipping , it is a bit pricey , but I have grapes that attract many yellow jackets . Since we sit under the arbor for a shady rest , it is impossible in the autumn when the grapes ripen . I would prefer it less expensive , but as my father would say , `` You get what you pay for . '' I would certainly purchase it again .
 This stuff is awesome ! I 've had an old trap that caught something like 5 yellow jackets in six months . Before a BBQ party I added a packet of this stuff and a swarm of yellow jackets literally appeared in 10 minutes . By the end of the day I had 20 of the pushy little critters in the trap . That made for a peaceful party the next day ; plus I got this great story . I do n't know what 's in this stuff -LRB- it 's a little stinky -RRB- , but it 's amazing .
 found this yellow jacket attractant on amazon at a most reasonable price ! i am allergic to yellow jackets and we have plenty - and thankfully product worked well and all are in trap . packed well and received quickly - will be buying again from this vendor in the spring .
 I 've had it up for three weeks and have caught over 1000 yellowjackets ... did n't know there were so many in the neighborhood ... and they keep on coming ! Almost always 2 or 3 buzzing inside with a bunch more flying around the outside waiting their `` turn . '' Definitely a great product . Easy to use , just make sure you put it in an out of the way location because it really attracts them .
 Receive the package in a very timely manner , as ordered . Would definitely order from this vendor again . Only suggestion is much smaller packaging . Was a big box for very small items , could have been cut down by 75 % .
 This thing Works ! Gets the common house fly and those vicious biting flys . Man , I HATE those things ! They NEVER GIVE UP ! The rescue FTA-SF4 is also reuseable . You do have to buy more of the stinky stuff you mix in the water that attracts the flys.I Did not give it 5 stars because it needs to be bigger to hold more flys . I have to empty mine every week which means you have to put more of the stinky powder in it . Which means more $ . But hey , IT WORKS !
 The Disposable Rescue fly trap does work better , but you have to refill it 3x as often and I had one fail on me , getting that stinky smell all over me . I have used this version for many years and it always works . -LRB- Well , after about 10 years in the sun , one did dry and crack and finally failed . -RRB- Other than that , they do trap a lot of flys . Note
 This trap has served its intended purpose . I am in Miami , Florida and we have a problem with houseflies in my area . After 3 days this trap is almost full !! Each day it seems to attract more , especially the young ones , killing them before they have a change to reproduce . No the stuff inside does n't smell great , but it 's tolerable unless you have a weak stomach when it comes to smells . Well worth it to be rid of the flies ! Just keep it downwind and you 'll be fine . I 'm not sure why someone would try to use this inside when it clearly says for outdoor use and I did n't try hanging it so can not comment on the strength of the lid .
 This fly trap is so odorus that it can not be opened and reused ! WE DO N'T EVEN ATTEMPT TO REUSE IT ! Very disgusting smell that you can not rinse off . We keep ours in the shade in a far corner of the yard all Summer , and it works for the WHOLE season , keeping the yard completely free of flys . Then just dispose of it carefully - we wear disposable gloves and seal it in a plastic trash bag before putting it in the garbage . A great value for the money . Recommended !
 Length :
 Flies are super common in the Fall where we live . While poison-based solutions work great , the Reusable Fly Trap is the only no poison trap that keeps the fly population at bay . It works simply
 Smells bad , but it works great ! I did end up buying the disposable ones after this one though , because washing it out by hand was disgusting .
 Unlike some reviewers we 've had tremendous success with these traps . We did eventually upgrade to their much larger `` Pop Bottle '' size since these smaller versions fill to capacity too quickly . Yes , they do stink , an acceptable condition since that 's what attracts the flies -- just do n't hang them downwind or where where they 'll be objectionable . Also , follow the directions , such as placing them where flies are already concentrated , and exposing in direct sunlight ; they 're also designed to catch houseflies , not stable or other types of flies . Thousands of flies enter , and very few if any depart!With a trap located to the far end of both our front and back decks we virtually eradicated this year 's unusually large fly population around our remotely located country home in about a month , probably totalling 2 or 3 pounds of insects ! Since they hang in the sun , the water content needs to be monitored and brought up to the correct level once a week or so . They 're easily emptied and flushed , infinitely less problematic than the so-called `` re-usable '' bag type traps put out by the same company . It takes several days for the dissolving bait to become effective , and we just let the flies pile up in the trap until the bottle 's about half full of insects and maggots before dumping out in the woods.Our only `` problem '' , one that exists with any of the scent-baited traps , is that the admittedly strong odor sometimes invites bears to tear them down , which can make for an especially disgusting clean-up if not hung with forethought -LRB- NOT over your BBQ , or brickwork , or potted plants , up against a house wall , etc. -RRB- ! They could be hung higher , out of a bear 's reach , but that would also place them away from the level at which the flies tend to hover , and make servicing the traps more difficult .
 Did not buy this at amazon . bought at home depot , but will buy again here . Yes , it stinks . But it works like a charm . Do n't understand other reviews that are negative . This thing caught , I do n't know , maybe fifty flies it 's first day out . The smell , to me , smells like bone meal which is a plant fertilizer . Anyway , flies seem to love it . They crawl inside the little holes and drown in the water . Ignore the negative reviews . Buy two or three .
 4th day , 0 flies . I even placed it right next to flies . Only noticeable difference is its foul smell -LRB- when you get close to it -RRB- . Update
 I keep chickens so my family can have organic eggs , but with barnyard animals there is always poo ... and flies . I put this fly trap on top of my coop and within a few days I had an inch of dead flies and noticeably fewer flies around the henhouse . There is a slight smell - but the coop is not near the house so that is n't a problem . In the dry Arizona climate poo dries quickly and the flies turn to the trap . I plugged two of the intake holes because I wanted to slow down the evaporation rate and though I add more water every few weeks to a month as it dries out , flies keep coming back to die ! If you do n't have a weak stomach just use a garden scoop to remove the floating corpses and keep on catching . You can buy refill packets at home and garden shops and reuse the sturdy plastic container . If you are ever finished with it you can recycle the plastic . That makes this a ` Green ' product in my book ! Reduce , Reuse and Recycle !
 I ordered this product because I have a small patio and was bothered with the flies . I put the container on the side of the house and it has made a difference in the patio . The container is full in just a few weeks , however , there are a lot of flies buzzing around , the further away from the house you can place it the better . I have n't emptied it out yet and I 'm not looking forward to it . I have ordered the disposable ones now so I do n't have to deal with that part . Highly recommend .
 Living next to a field , my greyhounds were bothered by flies every time they went outside . I found this at a hardware store and gave it a try . I know it 's reusable , but I just buy a new one when I need it . Be sure not to hang it close to where you sit outside , or upwind from your garden . It smells , but that 's what attracts flies . My hardware store could n't keep them in stock , so I bought enough for a year from Amazon .
 The fly trap does an excellent job of catching fly . Basically you just fill it up and then flys enter and cant get out ! Its worth the money .
 This really works . Trapped hundreds of flies in 2 days ! Highly recommended.Yeah , it 's smelly . We just keep it away from areas where we congregate .
 It smells disgusting and is certainly not for inside use . It works , however . I have had it for a week now and I have about an inch worth of flies floating in it . I put it in the corner of my back yard so that it 'd be far enough away so I would n't smell it but that it would still attract the flies that hang out in my yard . Fly problem solved .
 Works great , make sure you clean it once in a while ... otherwise , it will get gross .
 I have a small flock of chickens in an urban backyard and they attract a lot of flies . Since I hate flies and was also concerned about annoying my neighbors , I set this trap up near the chicken coop . I had the same problem as several other reviewers at first , where the flies would go in and then come out again . A little research revealed the problem . The powder has to dissolve well in the water and this does not happen if you use cold water . The instructions on the trap do not specify warm water , but the Rescue website does . I solved the problem by shaking the trap gently a few times during the first couple days and putting it in the sun . As soon as the powder really dissolved , the flies stayed trapped . I was surprised how well it worked and the flies seem to prefer it to the coop . If I had a big enough trap , I think it would catch every fly in the neighborhood!Emptying the trap was unpleasant , as expected , but I like that it 's reusable . The trap does not have to be rinsed , just emptied . A few dead flies in the refilled trap do n't hurt anything . Luckily , flies are n't smart enough to be afraid when they see another fly has died in there .
 Works great but NEVER get downwind of it , , , , , wheeeeeew it will tip ur gag meeter to the red zone .
 I have owned several of these for a couple of years now . We have horses and the associated manure pile . If you have horses , you have flies.These traps smell like rotting garbage . If they smelled like petunias they would n't work . They need to smell like what the flies want . Hang them down wind if possible , but their location will have a great deal to do with their effectiveness . In our case , a couple near the manure pile and a couple more between that and the house has decimated the fly population.Some other caveats also apply . Emptying these things when they become filled with rotting , disintegrating fly carcasses is gross beyond all recall . They hold literally tens of thousands . If you hang them in a dry , sun exposed location , you will have to add water to compensate for the evaporation . If you hang them where they are exposed to rain they may fill up with water . Just dump out the excess -LRB- this is also gross -RRB- . If you find a location that 's ideal you will be rewarded with a grimm harvest that is beyond imagination . Do n't think you 're going th hang these inside or anywhere where you 'll get a whiff.All that said , I wouldn 'd trade them . If you use them within their limits , you wo n't be disappointed . Anyway , what 's your risk ... 7 bucks ?
 Yes , this thing stinks like 10 years worth of garbage . Heck with something that stink you 're BOUND to attract flies . You might even save some money leaving out the bait and just putting garbage inside . But hey , it works . lots of flies dead inside . Outdoor use only , and FAR from your window .
 BEST item they came out with , next to the trap it self , that these goes into . Used 5 of them this summer , putting out last April for the queens , and have found , like the old liquid attractant , you can add a little water through the top opening and it just keeps on working all summer long . Have all five still working and it is now September 9 . They are still attracting yellow jackets . I have to empty my traps on a weekly basis even now !!
 We just built a house in the woods , and could n't sit long on our new deck or patio without being hassled by bees & wasps . I bought several traps , and maintained them as instructed from spring through fall . My results : Rescue WHYTR-BB8 W-H-Y Trap For Wasps , Hornets and Yellow Jacketswas hands-down the best , never failing to catch at least a dozen wasps , hornets and yellow jackets per week . The refills -LRB- Sterling Intl. . WHYTA-DB12 Wasp , Hornet & Yellow Jacket Trap -RRB- contain 3 different lures and last 2-3 weeks -LRB- tip
 This works like a charm . Non-toxic , and the wasps fill up the trap , staying away from our patio.We have tried many other kinds of wasp traps , but this is the only one we like.Delivery fast , no problem .
 I always have many wasps . One year caught 1004 queens . I have to empty my traps at least once a week . I have 12 traps out . I live on a ranch and the water for the horses attract the pests and that where the traps come in . Excellent product .
 In years past , before setting these traps , our house was swarmed by hundreds , if not thousands , of wasps and yellow jackets . We had dozens of their nests on and around the house . It was horrible . We could hardly hang out on the deck outside at all . And we , and our dogs , were stung when inadvertently getting near one of their nests.When I put three of these traps up in the EARLY spring , so as to hopefully catch the queens before nests were created , we caught hundreds of them in these traps . We get an occasional wasp now , but that 's fine . We are not swarmed and as far as I can tell there are no nests.The first year we used these , last year , we put them up in the middle of the summer . We caught a lot even that way , but it worked MUCH better setting them up in the EARLY spring , like March.Thanks to these babies we can spend time on our deck again . I only wish there were a way to deal with this problem without killing . I do n't kill lightly , but this problem was too horrible and something had to be done . The only other solution I could think of was to move ! And that is not realistic .
 This 10-week version consistently works better and longer than five each 2-week versions that come with most traps . It is also much easier to handle .
 This is the best and cleanest product of it 's type . It works longer than the liquid viles and cotton type refils.I 'm glad I have several of their old traps.Haven ' t seen any at Lowe 's or Walmart for quit some time . And their Wasp-Yellow Jacket traps do n't work as well and much more hassle and expensive to use .
 I put my trap out in April to get the Queens , but it caught the noon sun and no hornets . So I moved it to a shady but open area and I caught a Queen the first day . I checked it again the next day and two more were in the trap . So , far I have no nests around my house and have 15 assorted yellow-faced corpses in the trap . I have tried many traps and this one is the best.Rescue YJTR-SF4 Reuseable Yellowjacket Trap with AttractantRescue YJTC-SF9 Yellow Jacket Attractant CartridgeBTW good honey bees are not interested in the attractant .
 This cartridge does the trick , for sure . At the end of its lifespan -LRB- the advertised 10 weeks -RRB- there were about fifty yellowjackets in the trap , which is great ! Next spring I plan on putting a few of these out in the yard to hopefully attract the larger queens to avoid having new nests built .
 In a prolonged war with yellow jackets in my yard , this cartridge -LRB- and the trap it goes in -RRB- is a powerful weapon . As I empty the trap every few days , I keep thinking that some yellow jacket queen somewhere is wringing her little yellow jacket hands and saying `` Where are all the workers going ? I want answers ! I ca n't keep up this pace of making yellow jacket babies ! `` Every few days , I put the trap full of critters in the freezer for half an hour because there are usually a bunch of still-living and annoyed yellow jackets inside . Once they 're frozen I dispose of the yellow jackets , thoroughly wash the trap out , add a little water to the attractant cartridge and hang it again . I also include a piece of lunch meat and a slice of fruit as additional bait just to make sure all the little buggers bring their friends to the party . I easily catch hundreds of yellow jackets every week just in one trap . In mid-summer , I was catching hundreds per day on some days.I keep telling myself that I eventually have to run out of yellow jackets . I 'll hang it again in early spring and try to catch the queen herself . Then she 'll finally know what 's been happening to all her greedy little workers .
 Rescue YJTC_SF9 Yellow jacket attractant cartridge works ! We have used it at our house now for two years . My wife used to get stung while gardening . The Large variety of yellow jacket just goes for her . The Rscue traps work to nip the population . WE put the traps out before the snow is gone and keep them up late in the fall . Thanks for a great product ! The product may be stored for long periods of time as it has no expiration date if the original packing is undamaged.I love being able to buy so many items through Amazon .
 I bought the trap and used the liquid that you put on the cotton balls and caught at least 15 yellowjackets including a huge one I hope was a queen . I had also bought this 3 month refill at Walmart when I bought the trap and put it in today . There were a couple yellowjackets going after the wet cat food that I put out . I went out an hour later and there were 2 yellowjackets in the trap and none by the cat food . So , it really works .
 We first used it last summer and were very pleased with how many wasps ended up in the trap and not in our yard or home .
 For the last serveral years I had an increasing problem with yellow jackets on my property . I always thought I could simply leave them alone and not be troubled , but that stopped for me when they invaded my patio umbrella . I got stung putting away the umbrella and a few days later ended up in the urgent care with a swollen wound on my knee.Early this spring I purchased this attractant with the trap , and reloaded the attractant in July . It is now early August and I have had very little yellow jacket activity near my house . However , in the trap at the far edge of my property there are 100 + dead and trapped yellow jackets ! Even the most attractive nesting sites on my property are empty this year , and the few nests that I have found seem tiny and abandoned .
 This attractant works excellent for YJ 's and I have been using Recue successfully for several years . Easy to place and reusable units and these cartridges can be easily resused by adding liguid from the less expensive plastic refills . However , I believe these cartridges last longer and are a better value . Great price at Amazon . Must be used in the effective Rescue canisters . They really work great !! Highly recommend!Great and effective product for YJ 's only . No food attracts hornets and really foul smelly stuff attracts flies , but this is great for YJ 's . Other wasps and hornets are attracted to the activity but they like fresh meat/bugs . Fly catchers -LRB- stinky bags -RRB- attract hornets and wasps to the live bugs . I have used these for many years . Use these units with the larger 10 week cartridge , and place the small pack bait -LRB- available at Amazon -RRB- on it when it gets weak , reuse with this type of cheaper bait in the larger cartridge each year , but check that there are no webs covering the bottom holes and/or internal cone hole , or YJ 's will leave . It works very well to catch queens looking to build nests in April , and keep them out until Sept. to get workers of queens that were missed . Very effective . Move to another location if no luck in 2 weeks , or if very few are caught . Load indoors or after sunset , or you might get stung . Hint , this old fish smell works well in the spring , sweet attractant works better before hybernation in the fall in a different type of catcher ; one you can put juice , beer , or other sweet attractant , with a drop of soap , recharge with water but add a drop of non-fragrant dish soap as it evaporates .
 For the past five years I have used both the Rescue Trap and the WHY Trap , and this cartridge DOES work in both styles of trap . I used the attractant that is sold with the WHY Trap and it is not nearly effective as the Rescue cartridge attractant for the following reasons
 Great product . Since putting it in our trap we catch yellow jackets by the dozen
 I have 2 Yellow Jacket traps around my house . The traps come with attractant that only lasts a few weeks . This refill is what you want to have in your trap because it works for a few months . I replaced the orginal attractant with this and it keeps trapping those pesty yellow jackets 2 months later . Sounds jaded , but it makes me happy to see my trap full of dead yellow jackets and it 's because of this refill .
 I have used this to get rid of literally 1000 's of Yellow Jackets / hornets !
 Springfield Precision 9011 White Tube ThermometerI own two of these thermometers . One is inside in a `` sunroom '' that is n't used every day . The other is inside a storage building . - These thermometers weigh only 3.5 ounces and are quite fragile . The plastic is just over 3/32 '' thick , and the tube is thin hollow glass . They are easily blown around by a moderate wind , so if you plan to mount them outside , you 'll need to rig something to hold them in place . - The red indicator fluid is easily read when looking straight ahead at the instrument or looking at it slightly from the left - this is because the glass tube is also a prism that significantly widens the 1/100 '' red line . Viewed from those angles , you can read it from 10 ' away or more . However , at other angles , the red line is too thin to easily see . - Both thermometers show the same readings from 20 degrees to well above 80 F . They are also accurate to within 1 degree over that range -LRB- based on a high-end thermometer we own -RRB- , which is darn good for such an inexpensive device.Recommended .
 This is a good thermometer for the $ $ spent . My thermometer is mounted outside on a vinyl fence post . The only drawback is the lack of a second mounting slot on the back of the unit . The thermometer is light and is easily blown about in a 15 MPH or greater breeze . The bulb guard on the front of the unit contains small holes . I used one of these holes with a number 4 screw along with the mounting slot on the top back of the thermometer to secure it on the fence post . It is very accurate -LRB- plus/minus 1 degree of the actual temperature -RRB- . I recommend this product to others looking for an inexpensive , reliable outdoor thermometer .
 In my attempt to fix my last thermometer I broke it , so I needed to get a new one . And this Springfield thermometer was the perfect replacement for the last Springfield thermometer on my patio . I have compared this new one to the precision thermometer and it is as accurate as it can be . This will not tie your shoes , tell the humidity , call aliens or detect ninjas but this thing does a great job letting you know if you will need a jacket or a bathing suit . This one is pretty light and can fall off a nail in the wind so it should be secured with a small nail on the bottom or hung where there will be minimal wind .
 This flytrap DOES make a noticeable difference . Safe for my Cats and dogs ! My yard , 60x40 feet , used to have flies buzzing and biting and getting in the house , all the time . Since I put this about 20 feet from the patio and back door , the flies have been minimal . It DOES have a slight bad aroma , but just keep it downwind ! I 've had to empty the container twice -LRB- June , July 2007 -RRB- ... both times with thousands of flies in it . Filled top to bottom in the container so that not one more fly could even enter the top . That is no joke . . yes it was that full both times . The secret is keeping it with at least two inches of water at all times . It will last about 3 weeks in my yard before getting 100 % full . No , need to dump it every few days , just keep the water in it . You can even strain the flies out and re-use the attractant . Works best in warmer weather . Safe enough to take camping , which I do . Just never , ever let it get dried , or it stops working . The flies must drown ! They ca n't get back out . The older the attractant , the better it works . Bees are disappearing at an alarming rate . . seen one lately ?? If you make your own attractant , it may kill the bees also -LRB- thus no pollination of the flowers -RRB- . . use their attractant to attract the flies only .
 I received the Rescue Reuseable Fly Trap Attractant before the actual trap arrived.Being so disgusted by the flies this year I decided to go ahead and CAREFULLY mix the attractant in an old glass pickle jar that had been cleaned well . The jar still has a large label/sticker on the outside so maybe that is helping a little by disguising the fate awaiting the flies?I put out the pickle jar about 1/2 full of plain hose water & the attractant -LRB- one packet of attractant -RRB- in a very sunny spot by plants the flies seem to like to rest on.The very next morning the `` trap '' had 1/2 dozen of the buggers in it & the jar continues to fill up.When the actual trap arrives in a day or so I will use it also , just in a different part of the garden.The attractant is SUPER stinky ... . what ever you do , do not get it on your hands or anything else except in the container you plan to use.With that said , I highly recommend this product for catching flies . ****** a few days later ****** I put the lid on the jar with 5 or 6 holes that I stabbed through the lid , purposefully leaving the metal shards bent inwards , and the `` pickle jar fly trap '' is 1/2 full . Seriously , HALF FULL of disgusting flies that are no longer buzzing around my dog or my yard . Meanwhile , the actual `` fly trap '' jar has only about 1/4 the amount of flies in it . Do n't know why , each has the same attractant . All I know is , it works better in the pickle jar for some reason.I 'm back to re-order more attractant to make sure we do n't run out .
 This product has , unfortunately been fased out . I purchased the ones for this review on line since Home Depot can no longer get them . This is the best working fly trap that I have found . The only negative being that it does have an increasingly bad odor . The unit needs to be cleaned and refilled faithfully .
 Just make sure you place it far away from humans , hehe . It does smell rather bad , but it does the job . I hung mine from a tree branch a good 25 yards from the back porch .
 I just started using this product but so far am very happy with it . Seems like it will work out fine in getting rid of the gnats I have in the summer .
 Rescue FTA Fly Trap Attractant works great . Using new attractant in the reusable bottle is much more economical than the disposable traps . While there is a little odor close to the bottle , it can be used safely around pets where you would n't want to use poisonous sprays and powders . And it really works !
 Have used this product for years with good results . Be careful when disposing of the residue because the odor is nasty -LRB- which the flies love -RRB- . Will continue buying this attractant as long as I have a barn and animals , which should be years . Recommend purchasing product directly from Amazon for a quick , correct order .
 Drop it in the jar and fill with water , the bags falls apart when it comes into contact with water . Meaning ... no mess for you ... just drop and fill it with water ... and tada . trap is ready to kill again .
 These fly traps are amazing ... so simple ... so effective . I have trapped literally thousands and thousands of flys in my garden areas ...
 As long as you place this UPWIND it is a very effective fly disposable bait . . but WOW if u catch a whiff of it , a good gag or 4 is happening . ROFL I send FRIENDS to replace , but running out of friends to sucker into refilling the trap : -LRB-
 This stuff works great does n't smell the best so hang it away from the house !!!
 Ok yea it achieves it 's purpose and all , but I ca n't give it 5 stars because of how much this thing stinks . You can kill the dead with this scent . Keep it far from you when in use . Actually even in it 's packaging you simply ca n't get away from that scent . Other than that it works .
 I had this thermometer for 2 Years Now , Hanging in my Kitchen Window , I look at it every day before heading to work , I never knocked into it but I 'm sure it would break if I did.Gives me an accurate reading every time . .
 I read some of the reviews from folks who did n't catch anything in these traps . I can only guess that their flying insects are not yellow jackets . I put this up , walked inside , picked up my binoculars to watch , and there were already 3 buzzing the trap . I have to empty it weekly . End of problem for my hummingbirds .
 This works amazing ! Use the 10 week bait supply to you do n't have to keep putting new bait in . I have been using it for 4 years Before I bought it the first year I had so many yellow jackets I could not go out at dusk ! I got this I caught over 500 + my first year ! Each year there after I catch 200-300 . I never see them flying around anymore & no longer worry ! Just make sure you hang it in a sunny & slightly breezy location to catch the most !
 This trap works pretty well , and is easy to operate . The cost of the replacement cartridges is a little steep , and the attractant does n't seem to last too long -LRB- 6-8 days -RRB- , so order/buy extra attractant . If you are only into trapping soldier yellow jackets , it works , Could n't draw any queens , though . Fun entertainment !
 We bought the trap thinking that it would at least get rid of some of the yellow jackets . Yesterday afternoon , we set it up . Be careful of the little packet of liquid ; it 's really strong.Only a few hours later , they were running around the inside looking for a way out . This morning we checked the trap and there were about twenty dead yellow jackets in the bottom . I did n't even read the directions , so I was worried it would n't work , but it 's fine . -LRB- I put the cotton inside the trap instead of in the provided cup , but that is n't an issue . -RRB- Much recommended for anyone who ca n't stand yellow jackets.A tip to those who ca n't figure out where to put it
 Very effective yellowjacket trap . I 've got two in my yard and they fill up so fast , I have to empty them both every third week or so . I 'm in California and the trap catches western and common yellowjackets .
 very good traps and very easy to care for - needs just to have more of the sentas it is used up very fast - this year was the heaviest with bees ever and thetraps did an '' Excellent '' job .
 Set it up last night and i got about a dozen of em in one day !!! Oh btw im having a wasp problem not a yellow jacket prob ... but it works great so far . I did buy the attractant insert from the same brand and put it in instead of the stuff it came with seems like the way to go .
 well its been hanging for two days with the supplied bait.must be twenty of them in there.i am sitting on the the deck not being assaulted.i would say this trap is excellent.scott
 I live in Colorado mountains and have problems with yellow jackets on my outdoor deck and surrounding areas . Have tried several types of traps and this one is by far the best . I have 5 of them hanging in trees about 40 feet from deck . I have to empty traps every week I catch so many yellow jackets . Traps have dramatically reduced yellow jacket activity around my deck . I can sit on the deck during the day again .
 My family and I had recently been annoyed by yellow jackets while we tried to have meals on our back deck . I do n't know where the little buggers came from , but in the course of a couple of weeks they went from being a non-issue to becoming a real problem . I thought a trap might help cut down on the population or at least divert the yellow jackets ' attention away from our table.As instructed , I baited the trap with the included attractant and the suggested piece of deli turkey . I walked outside to hang the trap on a tree branch a little ways away from my patio . I literally finished knotting the string with several yellow jackets having appeared out of nowhere and buzzing quizzically around me . I moved to a safe distance and , within two minutes , counted more than 20 yellow jackets excitedly investigating the trap . At five minutes , it was practically swarming . By morning , there must have been 200 greedy little guys trapped in there . I had no idea there were so many yellow jackets in my yard!The only drawback is that I 'm worried I 'll need to empty the trap today or tomorrow and the level of yellow jacket activity in and around the trap is truly hazardous . I may have to go get it in the middle of the night when the outside temperature is much cooler in hopes that any living prisoners will be sluggish . I 've thought about employing the fabled tobacco smoke method to see if it will calm them - or me - as I unscrew the cap to empty the casualties and replace the turkey bait.Whether or not I escape unscathed from this war I have declared , I 'm confident that this trap will , in coming weeks , significantly cut down on the yellow jacket population in and around my yard . So far , I 'm very satisfied with the purchase . I only wish it came with a beekeeper 's protective suit.UPDATE ... 2.5 weeksAfter having had this trap active for a couple of weeks , I remain very impressed with its ability to attract and trap yellow jackets . I have emptied the full trap three times now . Each time I emptied it , I have moistened the cotton ball -LRB- which should n't even be working any more at this point -RRB- and added a slice of deli turkey and wedge of peach to the bait spikes . The trap hums with activity all day long.A quick tip for emptying an active trap
 This trap is flawless and brilliant . It works perfectly . The trap cleared up an incessant bee problem around out deck without fail .
 This is the best wasp trap I have ever used ! I have tried several others to no prevail . My most recent one has caught one wasp in the past two weeks . This one however , was a sight to behold . I have had it up for six days now and I have lost count of how many wasps I have caught . I believe there are about 15 in there , and still coming ! It is really nice that the trap comes with an attractant refill so that I do n't have to buy a whole new trap and it continues working throughout the summer . There is no detectable odor to humans , and trap is very efficient . I would highly recommend it !
 I actually bought this trap from Lowes not here but got ta say I am impressed . I live in an area surrounded by orange groves in S. CA and there are a ton of flying insects everywhere . We have a nice BBQ area and a outdoor pavilion that I was trying to keep clear . I bought it because it seemed easy enough . I put it together and made sure to hang it far enough away from doorways and food eating areas as the directions stated . I did not think it would work that far away but is says it works for quite a big area . In just 4 days it has caught so many wasps/hornets etc. . . that I was actually quite amazed-you can see them just trying to find a way out then eventually dying . It seems to be working very well and we plan on buying more to put in our yard . I feel better knowing that it is working and we can enjoy these areas without freaking out every minute by one flying in your face.Con
 I am impressed by the number of yellowjackets the two traps I purchased have caught . I hung one under the eave in front of the house and the other in the corner of the fenceline in the backyard and both have been very productive in the week I 've had them up . I have n't used anything in the traps but the attractant that came with them and I 'm going to get more of that this weekend to keep them fresh .
 I wanted to try this for a year before I wrote a review . I get yellow jackets realy bad . I feed my dogs raw meat and this draws the yellow jackets in the summer terribly . I tried many things . The trick is to put it out in very early spring like March or April . this way you have a much better chance of catching queens.Last year after I cought some queens my YJ population went down tremendously . I did still have a few but nothing like before . Then when I thought the season was way over , I went out to get the trap to put away for the winter and it had even more in it ! I was not expecting any more because the last time I had looked at it was when I had emptied it and the weather was already cold.The cotton needs to be kept moist so that the attractant works better .
 Last summer -LRB- 2011 -RRB- was a really successful year for eastern Yellowjackets in New England - I had several large ground nests surrounding my house in the woods . I could actually see the air traffic from about 10 yards away . I tried out this trap about 1 foot off the ground on the edge of a shade line . Even with the included -LRB- small amount of -RRB- attractant , I caught several dozen within the first few weeks . All of the insects trapped were definitely Yellowjackets . We also have Paper Wasps around , which I do n't mind - not a one ended up in the trap.This year I did not mess around - I set up 5 of these traps with the longer-lasting 10 week attractant . Hopeful to snag some queens before they build nests in the ground this spring.Another nice thing is that this is reuseable - in the fall , I just dumped out all the dead YellowJacket bodies .
 This product works very well if you use the attractant cartridges AND put a small piece of turkey ham and peach on the spikes inside it . Change the ham and fruit when it 's all dried up if you can . I actually think the directions say to do this . Never had good luck with just the cotton ball .
 This trap has killed sooooo many of our yellowjackets . It 's effective in trapping them and they typically die of dehydration in just a couple of hours . Unfortunately , it wo n't kill all of them , but it has helped deplete our nest . I ca n't find the nest to kill them all off , so this is the best I can do . In researching how to manage these little buggers , I read that it 's important to set these traps out in early Spring to get the Queen . I will definitely do that next year !! One con
 I live in rural North Idaho on a newly developed property and apparently the Yellow Jackets are well established in this area . We first used these traps while living in WA , near the manufacturer . All I can say is that if people are not catching any Yellow Jackets , they either do n't have Yellow Jackets , or they are not using the product properly . They do not trap Wasps , Hornets , Bee 's -LRB- Honey or Bumble -RRB- or any other stinging insect that I know of.They do , however , work like a Champ when it comes to Yellow Jackets . We have 6 of these traps set up near our home and I have had to empty them several times in the last few days . Next year we will definitely put them out earlier to catch the queens . This is a great product and I will likely add 2 more for next season.Wish the attractant was a bit less expensive though !
 I put this trap up 24 hours ago outside my garden window overlooking my porch . It has trapped easily 2 dozen wasps and was simple and easy to use . I guess I should feel guilty for killing the wee creatures but I do n't . It 's fun to watch them fly around the trap looking for a way in and then they figure it out and I think Gotcha ! The kit comes with one bait pack but has suggestions for alternate baits if you run out . Do n't think about getting another trap this is the one .
 I 've had this for three weeks and it 's trapped about 40 yellowjackets and continues to attract more . It does n't perform miracles , but for my 25 ` x20 ' deck/porch area ... I have noticed a drop in the overall yellowjacket population . The other thing I like - it does n't trap the bees that I want around my garden -LRB- not a single bee has been trapped -RRB- . I do n't know how well the wasp-hornet-yellowjacket -LRB- W-H-Y -RRB- version of this trap works -LRB- this one is just for yellowjackets -RRB- ... but I 'm going to give that one a try too . The only reason I gave this four stars instead of five is that Amazon offers the W-H-Y trap for about a dollar more . It seems it would be well worth the extra dollar to get the W-H-Y trap instead -LRB- as long as it works as well as this one does -RRB- .
 I warned my husband of what some reviewers said , be very careful not to get the lure on you . Skeptical , but not stupid , he wore gloves . By the time he got the trap hung , there were two in it already . Never , NEVER had this kind of result with sugar water or meat-baited traps . In disbelief , he went back out less than 10 minutes later and there were 8 in it . Told me to get back on Amazon and order more , so here I am ...
 This trap has been a great help for the yard and has so far helped to keep the wasps away from the house . The scent that comes with it works alright but a sugary liquid with some lunch meat or other meat product has relatively the same effect . The trap is simple to use and the instructions that come with it are actually complete compared to other wasp traps that I have used in the past . This year I put the trap up late and only caught one queen but placing it up early spring usually catches more.I would definitely purchase this trap again and recommend it to friends !
 By far , the most effective pest control for Yellowjackets I 've ever come across . How effective you ask ? We had a major Yellowjacket problem and I went to 4 stores ... all of which were out of this trap . At each store , there was at least 1 person -LRB- one place had 3 -RRB- looking around for the traps because of the yellowjacket problems in this area . Finally the 5th place I stopped had just restocked and their shelves were full ... and yes , there were 2 people already picking them up when I arrived.Come home , put the solution on the cotton ball and by the end of the first 12 hours , we had caught 13 yellowjackets . I come home tonight from work and we are now up to 25 yellowjackets this device has captured in under 24 hours!Now those are measurable results!EDIT : I just added a photo ... over 40 yellow jackets trapped in just 3 days !
 I have used these traps for yellow jackets around our yard . They only get yellow jackets , but that is all I am after with this . I have one out almost all year . They catch some all year round , too . We live in an agricultural area between Sacramento and Lake Tahoe in California . Since I am allergic to stings , I rely on these to keep me from too many encounters . We like to eat outside and once these are up , it is possible . If we do not have them up , there are 10 or more yellow jackets buzzing us and making it impossible to eat .
 great product as it works very quickly , and very effectively . I live in Colorado . I put the trap out the first of September and left town for a week , and when I returned , the trap was half full of dead wasps -LRB- and only wasps -RRB- . I 'm scared to approach the trap and empty it because the wasps are still buzzing around even tho the trap has been up for 2 weeks . I guess I 'm going to have to buy more traps ! Recommend this product . My only complaint was the price , and the fact that there is no hanger . I 'd like to be able to set this on the ground .
 we live in Sonoma and have a lot of yellowjackets this year . I hung a trap behind the house and within an hour the trap was swarming with yellowjackets . After 3 days the trap had about a thousand YJ 's and was filled to the top of the cone . Today i got stung in my hand just walking near the house . I recommend putting traps around the perimeter of the yard as recommended rather close to the house .
 I 've tried several traps specifically targeted at yellow jackets ... because they are so dangerous to people and pets . Love the fact that this trap catches only those particular pests and does n't harm honeybees or even wasps . It works quickly - immediately upon hanging out . If you put it out early enough in the spring , it will trap queens too . The fact that it is reusable with just additional attractant is even more of a plus .
 I was a bit skeptical about this product , as I have tried other wasp traps previously with little to no success . Considering its low price , however , I figured I might as well give it one more try.The Rescue Reuseable Yellowjacket Trap is very easy to set up
 This is the real thing . This trap catches yellowjackets very effectively , by luring them with a yellowjacket sex pheromone . Not only does the included `` attractant '' massively and visibly work on yellowjackets , it has an advantage over poisons and many other traps in that it does n't trap other insects , such as bees . It 's weirdly fascinating to watch the excited behavior of yellowjackets around the trap , `` sniffing '' at the vents above , and searching for the entrances below . They even fight one another to get in ! Once inside , the yellowjackets simply do n't have the brain wattage to crawl back out.The attractant is so powerful that you 'll want to be careful around it , though . The included attractant -LRB- one 2-3 week dose -RRB- comes in a flexible clear plastic ampoule , somewhat like , but smaller than , the little soy sauce packets that come with Chinese take-out food . While setting up the trap , I tore the ampoule open at the notch , and accidentally squirted a few drops of the attractant on skin and clothes . -LRB- Not wanting to be the center of attention of a bunch of randy or disappointed yellowjackets , I quickly went indoors , washed and changed my clothing before continuing ! -RRB- If you even suspect you have an allergy to yellowjacket stings -LRB- their venom , a neurotoxin , is different from that of bees -RRB- , be sure that you get someone who is not sensitive to their stings to set up or service the trap . Yellowjacket and bee stings can kill those who are sensitive!Note that , at least initially , there will be a LOT more yellowjackets buzzing around the trap than there were in the same area . So I 'd suggest you do n't set up a trap within , say , 6-10 feet of hummingbird feeders , pets , or people.I got this trap because 1 -RRB- I 've hated yellowjackets since I was stung by seven of them at once as a small boy , 2 -RRB- yellowjackets have been recently bullying the hummingbirds at my feeder , 3 -RRB- yellowjackets have been eating my apples , and 4 -RRB- I 've long wanted to see pheromone technology in action.The trap has been catching about five yellowjackets a day since I 've had it . It 's been breezy here lately , but I 've noted that the trap catches more yellowjackets on the rarer warm , windless days . Twenty-three yellowjackets down so far , and the hummingbirds seem much lest pestered by them . Nothing but yellowjackets in the trap ; no bees , flies , etc. I separately bought an extra 10-week attractant cartridge from the same manufacturer . I have n't used it yet , but it looks to be a lot more idiotproof than the original tiny ampoule.Criticisms
 I purchased this 2 years ago , firstly , I used the small vial of stink that comes with the trap , then I tried the cartridge -LRB- 10 week supply -RRB- The cartridge is the way to go . I also found out , after reading the instructions , -LRB- like I should have done in the first place ! -RRB- that if the trap is placed outside in early spring , really early before the weather warms up at all , you will catch the queen before she nests . This is crucial to long term success . I caught 3 huge queens last spring , and guess what ? NO YELLOW LACKETS all year long ! It is definitely worth the planning to put it out early . -LRB- March here in So . Cal -RRB- Well worth the $ $ .
 I had n't used my trap in a couple years and started noticing yellow jackets sniffing around our back yard lawn . I did n't want my toddler getting stung so I got out and cleaned the trap , put in the last attractant packet and just set it sideways on the lawn . W/in 30 seconds -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- there were five yellow jackets buzzing around it . -LRB- Note - as another reviewer has mentioned , DO N'T get the liquid on your hands or clothes ! Wash thoroughly . -RRB- In the first 10 minutes I caught five , then set up the trap about a foot off the ground . This has worked so much better than hanging it higher as I have previously done . In the first two days I caught 32 . That more than doubled in the next two weeks . Now it 's just a couple a day . It may be time to rebait . One thing I have noticed is that w/out the competition of the yellowjackets , I have seen more bald-faced hornets around . Those are the large , black and white , really evil looking ones . The attractant is NOT formulated for hornets so I guess using meat or fruit juice is the way to go for them . Technically , I know they are n't quite as aggressive as yellow jackets and they eat a lot of bad bugs , but I do n't want them nesting in my yard ! Good luck with your trapping !
 I 'm with the others , this works well , and I recommend it highly . I just have a few tips to add :1 . This is a must for hummingbird enthusiasts . After planting flowers to attract butterflies and hummingbirds and setting up a feeder , I started having yellow jackets constantly around the back of my home . They are more of a nuisance than a health threat to me . But since insect stings can kill hummingbirds or keep them from the feeders , this is a required addition for back yard enthusiasts .2 . This feeder allows use of meat for bait . Read the enclosed instructions ! A lot of helpful advice on it 's use . Yellow jackets start feeding primarily on meat late in the season .3 . Most yellow jackets I have caught get in there early in the morning . By 6pm , most of them are dead , probably from stress and exhaustion of trying to find a way out of the trap . Empty this daily - dead yellow jackets attract ants in the trap and before long you will have a messy trap with yellow jacket parts stuck to the inside . Although the trap will hold many yellow jackets before it needs emptying -LRB- as shown in the picture -RRB- , frequent -LRB- read `` daily '' -RRB- dumping will save time cleaning and keep from having an unappetizing sight for your back yard picnickers . -LRB- The ones I dump out the previous day always promptly disappear , probably eaten by foraging birds . -RRB- 4 . While this trap touts its double chamber design to prevent escape , an occassional yellow jacket has escaped . But you catch many more than the 1 or 2 that finds it 's way back out again .
 Length :
 These traps are very effective , no question about it . I 'm perplexed by the reviewer who reports no casualties . I caught > 200 yellowjackets -LRB- AKA `` meat bees '' -RRB- within 2 days after baiting my 4 traps this year.One piece of advice - the pheromone bait is never effective for 10 weeks as claimed . It may be a function of > 90 F temperature -LRB- which coincides with heightened yellowjacket activity -RRB- , but these baits never work well for me for more than 2 weeks . I recommend using small pieces of meat - raw , cooked , soaked in BBQ sauce , it does n't matter . These little devils prefer food to sex , and meat is their ambrosia . I 've done side by side comparisons with pheromone - versus meat-baited traps , and the meat generally catches 3 to 5 times as many in a given time period . Save yourself the $ $ $ . My second complaint is that the plastic becomes brittle after a couple of years , presumably from prolonged UV exposure . Thus cleaning old traps often breaks them irreparably , especially the little prongs that hold the perforated funnel-shaped basket into the main body.With these shorcomings in mind , these are still the best thing I 've found and I will continue using them , buying a couple of new ones every year with the money I save by eschewing the pheromone bait .
 I put this trap up a little over an hour ago because the yellow jackets have gotten so unbearable that they are actually attacking the hummingbrids that are trying to go to my hummingbird feeder.As I write this , there are well over 30 + yellow jackets in this trap . I wish Amazon let you put pictures on our reviews because I have a picture of all the trapped yellow jackets ... it 's unbelievable . I did not use the attractant sold with the unit ... I simply poured a little of my hummingbird feeder liquid in the bottom since they seemed so attracted to my feeder . It 's worked like a charm!I have used several traps in the past -LRB- my Raid trap sits next to it , and though they go into that trap , they crawl right back out ! -RRB- and this one has not only worked the best , but worked the best in the least amount of time.I actually purchased this trap back in May . My husband used it with the included `` bait '' and we only caught 2 yellow jackets all summer . Today , when the yelow jackets were really terrorizing us -LRB- and stung my 22 month old daughter -RRB- my husband said `` let me try using some of the hummingbird food in it instead of the bait . '' That did the trick!How much time I wasted this summer ... I could kick myself right now!If you purchase this feeder , I 'd suggest finding a recipe for hummingbird food on the internet ... they seem to like that a lot more than the `` bait '' ... cheaper , too !
 Wow ! Motivated by a yellow jacket sting , I purchased 2 of these nifty traps . The first bait used came with the trap , and supplemented with lunch meat . They flocked to this feeder . In minutes , there were 30 of these insects trapped and buzzing around . A little later , another 30 crowded into the trap , and I swapped it out for the second trap . I did this from midsummer to early Fall , and I noticed that as the season changes , so do their attractors . Lunch meat did the trick mid summer , and melon in the Fall was best . A great product , and easy to clean out . Be sure to make sure all are dead since they fly in at different times .
 106 yellowjackets in 7 days ! I bought one of these locally and hung it up under an unused back deck that was viewable from inside the house . I had to move it to the far side of the yard because there were always at least 4 or 5 yellowjackets in a frenzy around it . To hang it up I just bent a coat hanger to slide over the top of a fence board . There is a hole in the top of the trap that is the perfect size for a coat hanger.A word of warning though
 Great and effective product for YJ 's only . No food attracts hornets and really foul smelly stuff attracts flies , but this is great for YJ 's . Other wasps and hornets are attracted to the activity but they like fresh meat/bugs . Fly catchers -LRB- stinky bags -RRB- attract hornets and wasps to the live bugs . I have used these for many years . Use these units with the larger 10 week cartridge , and place the small pack bait -LRB- available at Amazon -RRB- on it when it gets weak , reuse with this type of cheaper bait in the larger cartridge each year , but check that there are no webs covering the bottom holes and/or internal cone hole , or YJ 's will leave . It works very well to catch queens looking to build nests in April , and keep them out until Sept. to get workers of queens that were missed . Very effective . Move to another location if no luck in 2 weeks , or if very few are caught . Load indoors or after sunset , or you might get stung . Hint , this old fish smell works well in the spring , sweet attractant works better before hybernation in the fall in a different type of catcher ; one you can put juice , beer , or other sweet attractant , with a drop of soap , recharge with water but add a drop of non-fragrant dish soap as it evaporates .
 I was n't expecting these to work . I hung 2 of these in one of my trees in the backyard in Mid-April hoping tocatch some Queens in Denver , CO. . I bought the 10 week cartridges to place inside of them instead of the liquid it comes with . It is the beginning of May , and I think I have caught over 35 Queens already . If you are going to purchase these , also buy the 10 week cartridge . Well worth it !
 This trap was amazing . It was totally full of dead yellow jackets whithin a week of hanging it . I dumped them out , hung it back up and it continued to work all summer long .
 I 've used these traps for a couple years now . When I purchased the first one I was very disppointed as I could actually see yellow jackets exiting the trap as quickly as they entered . Fortunately before I gave up on the product , I realized I was n't assembling the screw-on parts tightly enough , and that was leaving just enough space for the insects to escape . Once I had assembled it more tightly , it worked perfectly . I now use three on my one-acre wooded lot and I dump the traps weekly , with about 20 yellow jackets per trap in the peak activity months of June and July . Here 's a huge benefit - if you set these traps out early enough in the Spring , like mid-April in my region of Virginia , you 'll likely trap a queen or two . Trapping one queen in the early Spring eliminates an entire future nest , which is as effective as killing several thousand yellow jackets during the Summer . I know some who contend that killing yellow jackets that are not an immediate nuisance is undesirable from an overall insect population balance standpoint since yellow jackets kill other insect pests , including mosquitos , to feed their larvae . But I 've seen a swarm of accidentally disturbed yellow jackets attack and kill a pet dog , so my feeling is the fewer the better - good riddance !
 We just built a house in the woods , and could n't sit long on our new deck or patio without being hassled by bees & wasps . I bought several traps , and maintained them as instructed from spring through fall . My results : Rescue WHYTR-BB8 W-H-Y Trap For Wasps , Hornets and Yellow Jacketswas hands-down the best , never failing to catch at least a dozen wasps , hornets and yellow jackets per week . The refills -LRB- Sterling Intl. . WHYTA-DB12 Wasp , Hornet & Yellow Jacket Trap -RRB- contain 3 different lures and last 2-3 weeks -LRB- tip
 We live on the north shore of Long Island , 1 block from the water in a heavily wooded area . Every year , yellowjackets like to vacation in our neighborhood , moving from one property to the next , as folks chase them away . This is now beyond just being a nuisance but downright dangerous -- we 've all gotten stung once or twice , they have nested in and caused damage to our homes , and with little ones running around it 's just not cool . I 've tried many solutions , but this one works the best . I should deduct 1 star for being completely overpriced -LRB- a 0.25 cent plastic trap with 0.50 cents worth of a chemical pheromone -- I 'm a chemist by the way -RRB- , but they work so well I decided to give 5 stars anyway . I have 7 of these strategically located around the perimeter of my property , and over the course of the summer have trapped and killed hundreds of yellowjackets . These work very well . I just need to look around to see if the attractant is available in bulk or a cheaper form from somewhere .
 I am allergic to the yellow jacket sting . I have two of these traps hanging in my trees front and back of my house . Let the purchaser be informed , that these traps will not to lure the entire nest into the container , unless maybe it is placed next to the nest . It does capture and hold the critters so that I might have an inventory and feel for how big an infestation I might have in my yard . It uses a chemical lure that has to be replaced about every 2 weeks . So far I have been able to find replacement lure at Ace Hardware and Lowes Home Improvement stores . The traps are used over and over , only the lure is replaced . I have tried a `` bait '' trap that uses fruit juice , such as apple , but I could not see how many bugs were being captured . I will keep the Rescue Re-useable Yellowjacket trap all year long .
 I 've tried other yellow jacket traps with limited success . This one really works . In the short time I 've been using them -LRB- 3 weeks -RRB- I 've caught over 50 yellow jackets.I bought traps because I got tired of fighting with them every time I barbecue , especially in the early fall.I had cut up a fresh pineapple , and took a couple of wedges and pushed them onto the plastic stakes on the inside , along with the attractant . I 'm catching even more now doing that.Next year I 'll have to try putting them out earlier in the season , to get the queens . But for now , it 's keeping the yellow jacket population down around the house.Excellent product - I like that it 's re-usable too .
 I 've tried these traps -LRB- and the disposables -RRB- in several locations , and I think I 've found the trick
 We recently bought our new home and discovered that when the temperature gets hot and our apple tree bares fruit , you get a ton of yellowjackets ! Thank goodness for this product , because now I rarely see any . The trap is full of them and started working right away . I plan on purchasing another trap so I can put it out front where I 've seen a few that are in love with a poisonous berry bush . My one suggestion is that you make sure you know what kind of wasps you are dealing with . This trap only catches yellowjackets and hornets ; yes there is a BIG difference . Paperwasps which come in a variety of colors and sizes , will not be attracted to the pheromone lure in this trap . It also helps to add a food bait to the trap . Since it is currently late summer/early fall I used applesauce , especially since they were going after the ripe apples on my tree.As for the lure that everyone says is hard to get , I have seen it offered as a two pack for $ 4-5 at multiple well known hardware chains and at a national grocery store .
 In 24 hours , I 've trapped 60 + yellowjackets . I did n't know we HAD that many . I was counting about 20 hanging out in the yard , max . It 's starting to feel much safer for bare feet out there.I know it 's wishful thinking , but it would be nice if this was less plastic and more compostable material . How many people actually use this year after year ? We buy too much plastic .
 Amazing , still ca n't believe it . I hung it before work and 8 hours later probably had 50 yellow jackets trapped . I was a bit concerned about how they would die , but the sun killed all but a few of the most recent guests so that is n't an issue . Instructions said to hang it 20 feet from the nest but I know I 'm much further away than that and it 's still drawing them like crazy . Ca n't believe it 's only $ 12 .
 We had yellowjackets that had nested underground . Although we had pour gasoline in their nest we still had a few strays flying around . I put out this trap in hopes of catching those stragglers . Worked like a charm . We are very happy with the results .
 This is killing 10 yellow jackets a day with just a bit of beef jerky in it . The best of the yellow jacket traps we have tried so far . I highly recommend it .
 This is my 4th Rescue trap of this make and it is the best of the breed.PROEffective - since using this trap there are few Yellowjackets around.Larger attractant cartridge is available that lasts 3 + months.Keeps working even when it is nearly full.Very good when set out in early spring as it gets the queens and nest builders before a new nest is built.CONAttractant is short lived - only works for 2 to 4 weeks.Color fades afters ~ 2 years of sun and reduces effectiveness .
 After hanging for two weeks , I was surprised and happy to see this works ! The weather here in the NE has been very rainy and wet for most of the time but I caught eight bees -LRB- yellow jackets -RRB- so far in the short time it has been up during the warmer , sunnier days . It is VERY easy to set-up and get ready , easy to hang , no problems at all with set-up . It also does not look as bad as the horrible 2-liter soda bottle wasp traps I am having no luck with . This trap actually looks okay hanging up in the trees . So far I have only used the attractant supplied with the trap . I purchased the 10-week pod seperately but have yet to use it as this has been working well so far . I would definitely say this works and is well designed . Only wish it worked on wasps too as I have yet had any luck trying to solve that problem with other products .
 We used to have a real problem with yellow jackets , especially around our poultry pens and runs . Ever since using these traps , not a yellow jacket in sight ! We could n't believe how well these work . I ca n't recommend them enough to anyone bothered by yellow jackets . PS Never have seen a honey bee inside the trap ... just yellow jackets ! GREAT !
 yellow jackets check in , they do n't check out . the shape is exactly perfect for catching yellow jackets , and with the right attractant this will catch a bunch .
 This flowering cherry and the somewhat superior National arboretum yoshino selected variety `` akebono '' are among the best choices for a flowering cherry . Relatively longer lived , faster growing and larger than most other flowering cherry types it adapts to most soil types . While best in full sun I have found it still flowers reasonably well as an understory tree . It blooms after `` okame '' and before `` halle jolivette '' -LRB- my two other favorite cherries along with `` higan '' -RRB- . Most of the famed cherries in Washington D.C. are Yoshino . Do not underestimate its speed of growth and ultimate size , this is not a cute little dogwood-sized accent for the flower garden , rather , it is more like a shade tree . And in that regard its smallish leaves mean no fall raking nightmare , a definite plus .
 Just what I wanted . It works well and I send the web site to another person .
 This third volume of the series is the only one I have heard thus far . It is quite superb sound wise . 99 species are fit onto one cd , lasting about an hour . Each species is given 30 to 45 seconds to display songs and calls . There are a few that run a minute and one - Solitary Black Cacique - that runs over two minutes.There is no narration so one must be glued to one 's beautifully produced booklet to follow the species being heard . This is definitely a cd for the serious birder and one geared solely toward identification , not for those looking for a `` natural soundscape '' experience.The majority of songsters in this volume produce loud , clear whistle clusters of differing notes . Most impressive for me were the four songs of the Oropendola -LRB- practically impossible to describe but unearthly delightful -RRB- , the explosive song of the Screaming Piha , and the stunningly beautiful songs of the five wren species . The Solitary Black Cacique song is also a stunner.Highly recommended for the serious birder of South America - and a fascinating curio for any bird fancier who seeks a different and unique aural experience . Note
 This sign was exactly what I was hoping for - solid construction , bright lettering , professional finish . I gave it as a gift and the recipient was thrilled.I can highly recommend it to other potential buyers .
 Had company over the weekend and they all raced to get to the chair first . Naturally it was whoever got to it first sat in it forever . If they left it then it was fair game and all loved it . Think this chair will be a great seller .
 I received my chair while I was at work . My husband open the box and the chair became his . I ordered another chair and was very excited when I received the package . I open it and put the chair just where I wanted it ; I got a cup of coffee and went to enjoy my new chair . But , my cat Rumcake had claimed the chair . So I would say that this chair is very comfortable . But I 'll let you know for sure when I receive my own chair .
 I use the chair to get sun in the summer ... and it 's tilted at a comfortable angle and with the cup holder . . I can put a cup or pens/marksalots . . etc. . But you have to be sure to put it on level ground ... Once I did n't pay attention and the top was much higher than the bottom ... and when I went to sit , I fell out . I have n't had that problem since . I love it !
 I have seldom been more pleased with a purchase than I was with the MacCabee Sports chair . Since receiving it , I have encouraged several friends to log on and purchase one for themselves . This chair is not only handsome , but durable , extremely comfortable , and easy to transport . With a convenient carrying case , a cup holder , and adequate leg room , this chair was an absolute find for a VERY reasonable price . Though I live by myself , I am tempted to purchase more for when friends come to visit ! A great seat for a quiet summer evening ...
 Every year I participate in the American Cancer Society 's Relay for Life . If you are n't familiar with the event , it is one way in which we raise money for cancer research and programs . It is a team event in which we spend overnight roughing it in the middle of the high school track , while one person from the team is walking the track at all times . While this is exhausting , we always need good chairs to relax in and put our feet up . So , I bought about 5 of them for me and my teammates.I have to say that I was a bit skeptical at first , but after getting into it I was pretty amazed . I am about 4 ' 11 '' and I was worried that this was another invention which was never going to allow me to be comfortable because I am not average size . But I must say that the adjustabillity of the footrest made this very easy to get comfortable.Also , it rained that night for awhile and we were able to pack them up quickly and get them mostly out of the rain and they also dried up pretty quickly.I have kept two of them in the back of my car because I know that I will enjoy using them anytime I am outside and need somewhere to sit . They are extremely portable , easy to carry and very sturdy . It is a little easier to get them into the bag if you have 4 hands instead of 2 , but not impossible.Overall , a good purchase and I will definately be using them soon ... probably for fireworks on the 4th of July !
 I just received this as a christmas gift , and I ca n't wait to take it to the beach . It is so comfortable , I almost fell asleep in it in my living room .
 I bought this chair for a couple of friends for Christmas . It was an outstanding success , and the price at the time was excellent .
 It 's a good chair for the beach . Liek any chair , be careful not getting too much sand in the joints -- it can make it a pain closing the darned thing up !
 This might not be the first choice if you 're going to be carrying this chair for miles ... the weight can be fatiguing , but if you 're just taking it from your car to an outside event and walking a couple of hundred yards , it 's the best one there is . Currently , I have this thing in my living room ! It is the most comfortable piece of furniture I own . It 's unusual for this type of `` catch all '' chair to be comfortable for someone of my stature ... I 'm barely 5 ' 4 '' and I find most car seats and other chairs are designed for those considerably taller . The cup holders on each side are great , but best suited for 12oz cans and not very tall bottles . The opening is non-negotiable , so it wo n't hold a `` BigGulp '' or other large bottom diameter container.The head rest was very comfortable for me , especially when laying back and looking up at the stars . The footrest is awesome and I can easily fall asleep in this chair.The material is very sturdy and takes a lot of abuse ... rain and high-winds have n't harmed it when left outside ... and clean-up w / a hose is a breeze .
 First of all , I ca n't believe how cheap this chair was . I do n't know if it 's a good idea for me to tell you how wonderful it is because then Amazon will sell out quickly , and I need at least one more.First of all , it comes packed into a nice compact travelling pouch that you can sling over your shoulder and go anywhere . And no , it 's not heavy or bulky to carry.Second , per that travelling pouch -- I do n't know if you 've had other fold-up chairs that become impossible to put back into the pouch once you take them out -LRB- think memories of childhood camping trips , struggling with your sleeping bag to get it back into its pouch -RRB- ... well this is n't the case with this chair.It comes out of the pouch easily and goes back into the pouch just as easily.As for comfort , well it 's a blessing . You can adjust the footrest so that it accomodates your height , or you can completely detach it , so that the lounge chair becomes just a chair to sit in.The material is very sturdy , and comfortable -- think tent-material sling chairs -- and it 's easy to get into and out of.There 's even a little compartment for your beverage!The legs are made out of black piping , and they are grounded by round bigger-than-a-quarter sized discs -- which you may need to consider if you are putting the chair up on a roof to sunbathe . -LRB- Although I 've done just this and it has n't damaged the roof at all -RRB- . Otherwise , brilliant device -- excellent price -- how can you go wrong?Now I must go buy another one quickly before they 're sold out!Cheers !
 This chair is so comfortable . It is so light , which is wonderful . I carried it to a parade , since it was so light I did not get weighted down walking long distances with it and it was easy to set up . Sitting in it was more comfortable than I expected it to be . I would definitely by another one .
 My friends have dubbed the chair `` The Queenie Chair '' because I was just born to it . It 's a perfect fit - the headrest and footrest are a nice additions compared to its predecessor -LRB- which I still have -RRB- . I set the chair up on a bunker at the beach and people walking by are always asking where I got the chair . I even let them try it out . They really like it too .
 I saw a chair close enough to be called the same thing at the Del Mar Fair . The price there was 75 bucks and I thought that was a fair price . For 20 bucks you ca n't go wrong with this one , however , do yourself a favor and save yourself some time and buy two because as soon as your better half sits in it you 'll be buying a second one anyway .
 I love this chair . I have used it camping , at my backyard parties , New Orleans , and on the boardwalk . It is very durable , and literally takes 2 seconds to set up and tkes about 15 seconds to put back in the bag . The bag fits well too , there is no stuffing or squeezing the chair into the bag . I plan on bringing it to see the Macy 's fireworks display , imagine how jealous evrybody will be when you show up with this cool chair , with a footrest , and all they have are their cane chairs that look like they are going to break anyway . I even use this chair to watch TV . You ca n't go wrong with this chair !
 This chair is EXTREMELY high quality ! I did n't expect much for twenty-bucks , so this really blew me away . Material is very durable plasticy-canvas material that 's quite comfortable to sit in . It folds up nicely into the included bag with a strap , so it 's easy to take everywhere too . I plan on using this to get drunk in comfort at football games this fall !
 This chair is joyous . I 'll be in a comfy buzz during DMB and Buffett this summer in this chair . I 'm ordering another one , so my honey wo n't take mine . Buy this chair , you wo n't be disappointed !
 The collapsed package was larger than I expected - twice as large as my 3-man tent ! But the portability , the beerholder and footrest make this a great travel chair for camping or beach .
 Do n't let anyone try your chair ! they do not want to get out . No sharp or bumpy thingies - All comfort . It sets up neatly on all terrains - sand or grass - no tilting . I 'm asleep in moments . Slightly heavier than most but folds real tight .
 Beware , the loops that are designed to hold up the footrest will rip if you are not careful . This is not a problem because you can just strap them around the legs of the chair . Everything else is great - I use it instead of the love seat in our livingroom .
 I purchased two of these chairs and use them all the time . I own a small airplane , these chairs fit right in the back and are perfect for airshows , BBQs , etc. .
 We bought 4 of these chairs this summer and everyone who sat in them remarked at how comfortable they were . Couple of cautions though . One of the footrest straps was broken on one chair when it arrived -LRB- so much for quality control leaving their factory ! -RRB- . Also the foot rest and straps attached to the chairs make it awkward for people with less flexibility to try to position themselves just to sit down -LRB- we did n't think of this until some elderly relatives tried to sit -RRB- . You kind of have to straddle the foot rest and walk backwards into the chair . But once you get yourself in ... you do n't want to get up . ...
 this chair is so great i have to spell great backwards in the title just to show you how great this great chair is ! wow . great armrests , great headrest , great miles per gallon , great everything!buy this great chair now !
 I saw someone comfortably using this chair a Greenlake and thought I 'd order my own . This chair is a dream ! It 's more comfortable than the chairs in my living room ! Extremely comfortable , well-constructed , and very handy to carry in the trunk of the car !
 Aside from the box from Amazon arriving in shambles -LRB- it was packaged horribly ... worse shipping job I 've ever seen from an online company and I 've got digital pics to prove it -RRB- , this is a nice chair . Comfortable , affordable . Quality is a bit skimpy , but for $ , it 's not unreasonable .
 Bought this as a Father 's Day gift , it was so comfortable , I ca n't let him sit in it ! Went out and purchased another immediately . This is a great chair , especially for the low price .
 I take this chair to concerts , dog shows , picnics , ball games , everywhere ! It has a pouch is , very light , and has a cup holder . The footrest is adjustable for all heights . If -LRB- rarely -RRB- I let a friend sit in it , I have a very hard time getting them out of it . Great seat at a great price .
 This chair is great we have it on our porch and carry it to the dock to sit on to fish.The footrest is movable for comfort and can be removed altogether if you want.It is easy to pack up in it 's shoulder sling bag for putting in the car for trips to a vacation spot the beach or just a ballgame across town.My whole family enjoys the versatility and comfort .
 It is so comfortable that I like to set it up in the living room when my roommate is not looking . I sit back , pop a bottle of water in the handy beverage holder and am all set . When my water is gone , the aforementioned handy beverage holder serves as the perfect remote control holder as well -- how convenient is that ? When my roommate comes home and scoffs at having lawn furniture in our living room it is easily folded up into its carrying case and put into the closet . Until the next time ...
 A friend of mine turned me onto these , in one word ... great ! However , for my first major day of usage at a local outdoor concert , a young kid whom was looking the other way , stumbled over my footrest and broke it . Being that the footrest is really the best part of the chair , I was extremely disappointed . Unfortunately , no apology was offered . I will attempt a fix on my own , otherwise try to return or buy a new one .
 Sounds like some folks might have gotten a lemon ... or maybe I just got a good one . In any case , I was astounded by the quality of this chair vs. its price . I bought two for my parents and they are still using them regularly , years later . Excellent stuff .
 This folding chair with foot rest is great as long as the user knows the minor pitfalls . The chair is n't bad ... but by the nature of it being light-weight and `` strappy '' , a few precautions are in order.First , though , the good points . Having a chair with a footrest that is so lightweight and easy to carry is wonderful . It goes where you go when you want it to go . Where else can you find this for -LSB- the $ -RSB- ? Even shorties like myself can carry and set it up in a snap ... plus it 's idiot-proof ! No assembly is required each time need it . You just spread the arm straps and voila , the thing unfolds . It 's pretty comfy too . I have to use a small cushion to give my bad back a little extra support , but anyone without a back problem will be fine.The main negative is getting in and out of it . The user must pay attention when manuvering in it . I have fallen several times because I was less attentive when getting out of it and ended up having my legs tangled in the foot rest straps.The other problem is that if you lean forward very much the chair will tip forward ... completely . It will fold up on you ! This too has happened to me on a few occasions . Not to worry though , since the chair sits low to the ground . I suffered no ill effects ... in fact , I actually ended up having a good laugh about it.Negatives being said , this chair still has a lot going for it . After purchasing one for myself , I bought another for my husband and we are perfectly happy with them . We just try to pay attention to the small stuff . One more thing ... since summer is around the corner and we all tend to lounge around drinking cold beer or margueritas , I do n't recommend using these chairs after more than two or three drinks !
 My roomate picked up a couple of these chairs recently ... They are extremeley comfortable and durable ; not to mention the right price .
 An awesome chair at an awesome price . I have lower back problems and usually experience some pain when sitting in folding chairs . But not this one ! It has a simple and comfortable design !
 This chair comes packed in a sturdy , nylon totebag with a heavyduty strap for easy carrying . I pulled it out and set it up within two seconds . The chair itself was comfortable . However , the pillow is too high and too thick for my head . The muscles in my neck started to strain immediately . So , I inched myself up a little bit and it felt better . But I could n't imagine sitting in it for any great length of time.My husband , who is six inches taller than me , came in and sat in the chair . It was fine for him . He liked the fact that it naturally reclines and that it has built-in drink holder . I would recommend this chair for anyone 5 ' 8 '' tall and up .
 These chairs are so comfortable that we move them from the deck to the inside of the house to watch T.V. ... and so easily moved that they go back out again in the morning !
 I bought this Chair , thought I was going to read books sitting in it , but found out it 's not made for reading . Also beware this Chair 's plastics will break if you put too much pressure on it , which I did . The cupholder is very nice . It comes in a blue bag , so you can take it to anywhere . Also if you can not suffer butt pain , you should not buy this chair , because your butt will get hurt , the burning pain , after sitting for a while.Despite these shortcomings , this is a wonderful outdoor chair that will make sunbath more enjoyable for you , especially considering its price and portability .
 By far the best chair available , and at a great price . Sturdy and comfortable , even for a large person -LRB- 6 ' 5 '' , 235 -RRB- . You wo n't be sorry with this chair , the footrest is simple to disconnect and then it 's even better .
 This chair is great ! I bought it for tailgating at baseball games . When I set it up in the living room , it was easy to set up and I found it to be extremely comfortable . I am buying another just to keep in the trunk of the car .
 5 second setup . 15 second breakdown . 600 Dernier polyester luggage grade fabric . Carrying case with strap . Seriously , am I dreaming ? Those ugly plastic lawn chairs are even atleast $ 10 at K-Mart . Spend a little more and get a fleet of these and your party guests will love you for it . You 'll have to beat them away with BBQ tongs or they will refuse to go home ! Incredible chair .
 Bought this as a Father 's Day gift , it was so comfortable , I ca n't let him sit in it ! Went out and purchased another immediately . This is a great chair , especially for the low price .
 This is the 2nd chair I have bought . I felt so guilty using my chair while my husband had to sit in a straight fold out chair . So I bought him one too . It folds down amazingly small for such a big chair . I have both of them in the back of my van along with a single upright folding chair and they take up very little room . They come in handy for a lot of different occasions . I used it first at a fireworks show . I used it while on vacation at a campground . And I next plan on using it at a upcoming airshow . It has a handy drink holder and a headrest that you can use or flip back . I am very please with this product and with the fast shipment from ... This is a good quality product that will last me for years to come .
 I purchased this for my dad for father 's day . He loves it !! The entire family is going camping this summer , I knwo it will be a plus!If you 're questioning this ... BUY IT !!!
 I must say this chair is comfy if you 're under 6 feet and/or below the 200 range in weigh . Still it 's quite nice for me even though I 'm 6 ' 1 '' and 190lbs . My brother , who 's a couple of inches taller than me could n't get out of his chair due to it 's deep pocket and ended up breaking one of the chair 's legs in the process.This chair is solely for lawn/back yard use for the norm . So if you 're too tall or fat , please do n't try this chair at home .
 This style of chair has become very popular lately . This one is priced better than most and is quite sturdy although I 'll have to see how it stands up after being outside for a while . Like all the chairs of it 's kind it is awkward to get in and out of and it forces you to sit slouched which is hard on the back eventually . It is , however , no worse on either of these counts than any of the similar , more expensive ones I 've tried . And like all the others it is light and compact enough to take to the beach or a picnic for the day although it is too heavy to take on even moderately strenuous hike .
 This chair is comfortable , light and worth the price . The one glitch is the head rest could have been bigger .
 There are several different versions of this product , but for my money , this is by far the superior . While its campside appeal is probably obvious , its biggest use for me is on the beach . It does n't work very well for face-down tanning , but for beach parties , it rules . It 's by far the most comfortable way to spend time at the beach . The beverage cup holders and foot rest make it an absolute luxury . And its lightweight construction and portability make it easy to keep in the trunk of your car at all times-just in case the beach mood strikes . Definitely worth the reasonable price .
 Very comfortable chair . But my leg rest just broke . It 's two pieces of plastic held together by a screw . Not a very solid piece of construction.Overall , it 's very nice . I use it at the beach quite a bit . Sand gets in the joints and makes it difficult to fold up , but I survive .
 I have used this table many times while camping or spending a day at the park . It is very handy , easy to assemble , and stores away in it 's own carrying bag . The construction is fairly solid , and if treated properly will last for quite awhile . The only problem is the wood slats are not treated or fininshed so if it gets wet it may rot . I would recommend this table to anyone who camps or picnics .
 Excellent little table of brilliant design , living-room pretty , and practical to a fault . I loved how the storage/carrying bag is divided to protect the wooden tabletop from scratches in transit . Setup and knockdown are magically instant , and it was a stroke of genius to include the how-to-refold instructions on a permanent fabric tag inside the storage bag so no lost papers or moments of stupidly trying to remember how to get it back into the bag . Deserves design awards , for sure .
 We use this table when we are grilling outside - we have an electic grill , which fits nicely on the top of the table . There 's room for plates , marinades , and all the other tools you need for a summertime barbeque ! It puts up and breaks down in seconds , and spends its time snug in its bag . We also plan to take it camping and to evening concerts with our bag chairs .
 This chair is cozy but ample for 2 generously proportioned people , but really comfortable to sit sidewise with your feet up , reading a book and even has room for a cat or 2 sharing with you . Easy to set up , sturdy but lightweight . Bought one for myself , then ordered another so I 'd have one for company .
 We have this double portable chair by MacCabee and are quite satisfied with it . It 's very light , easy to carry in its case , quickly sets-up & down , and is easy to clean . It supports up to 250 pounds , which in our case makes it great for one , -LRB- hub is a big guy -RRB- . So , we take turns.We mainly use it at our sons sporting events and find the extra room useful to hold sweaters , thermoses , video-cams , binoculars , and the `` hey Mom ... can you keep this for me '' items that seem to pile up as much as the front-line on third down.A comfy support on your back and back-side , as you support your kids !
 I 've had this chair for a few months now and while I am very satisfied with it , I do have a few comments . First , the seatback is at an uncomfortably vertical angle . Sitting properly in the chair makes you sit STRAIGHT up , but the sling seat is deep enough to provide some slouching space . The chair is fairly lightweight for its purpose , but dragging it all over NYC to concerts in the park or sporting events can get tiresome . In other words , if you do n't have a car , I suggest getting a couple of the single chairs so that you can share the burden . Last thing , also with regards to the weight , the sling that was provided with the chair is beginning to fray at the bottom and I fear will become unusable soon . Otherwise , it 's a strong and sturdy companion for a field trip .
 This chair is awesome . We used it for years until it finally broke . The kids used it to sleep in when we were camping by the fire after a hard day of play.It was very sturdy and durable .
 This chair has really come in good use . Sturdy and easy to carry .
 This gift package is wonderful for anyone with a green thumb . The Fiskars tools work so well , and they last for such a long time , you wo n't be disapointed . Also , the packaging is already cute enough that you do n't have to do anything to make it ready to give as a gift . I recommend getting one for your friend , and one for yourself .
 this is a good spray gun for the money I have two of these for several years works good and would buy again
 This sprayer wand has worked well the several times that I 've used it . It sprays fine and the trigger lock mechanism when set permits the sprayer continue to spray without my needing to hold the trigger . The trigger lock mechanism is a little plastic block that you move to hold the trigger pressed , and I think it can be improved in that it has a little bit of give and so when set it does not hold the trigger 100 % pressed , it looks to me like it only holds the trigger at 80-90 % pressed . The plastic nozzle spray adjust mechanism works well providing from a very concentrated spray to a spritz type of spray . The only concern I have is that the trigger and nozzle controls are made of plastic and I 'm not sure how long they will last before needing to be replaced .
 My Barberry hedge has been invaded by seedlings from a neighbor 's tree . The root system of the tree acts like a vine . It starts shooting up these small trees every summer . The neighbor put up a fence so at least for the moment I need to reach through the thorns of the hedge to get to the shoots in the back . A lopper is too short and the branches of the hedge interfere with its leverage . This tool lets me get in and cut the shoots off at ground level .
 Just awesome . Solid , each to use , strong , well built . Does exactly what you 'd expect and want ... and does it well . Worth every penny .
 We bought this to trim smaller trees and tall bushes . It works very well and seems very durable . We are glad we bought it .
 I like the Pruning Stik . It does not break brittle adjacent branches as my previous tree pruner does . It is easy to use . I do n't know about durability yet .
 I was amazed at how easy this pruner was to use.With very little effort I was able to trim some high branches that have been vexing me for months.I 'm extremely pleased with this purchase .
 Well made , well designed and works well . That 's about all you can ask for such a tool .
 worked like a charm out of the box , saw was easy to convert , dead limbs finally out of my oak tree
 This Fiskars product , the model 9240 pruning stick , is worth every dollar !! It performs very well . At 12 feet I was able to get a 14 foot street clearance on my elm without using a ladder or making my shoulders hurt .
 This pruning stick is light weight and cuts really well . Better than I expected . I do n't know how long it will last since I had it for only few weeks .
 This pruner works great , even fully extended I am able to cut 1.5 '' branches with no problems . The saw attachment take a little getting use to but once you get the hang of it , it works great .
 I came across this item by accident and did n't know that such a useful tool was available . I use the pruner in conjuction with other tools but this one is my favorite . It is very lightweight and the ability to angle the cutting head makes cutting much easier . I 've used it for cutting small branches from oak trees and trimming vines running up a fence ; the telescoping feature makes for less work also by allowing you to reach areas you otherwise would n't attempt . Plus , it has a lifetime warranty which convinced me of the quality . A fine quality tool at a reasonable price - I recommend it without hesitation .
 This is the best garden tool I 've ever purchased . I want to prune every tree in my neighborhood . We have a 20 '' Redbud in front of our house that is planted inside a retaining wall , making it very difficult to prune - there is nowhere within the retaining wall to set up a ladder . I was ready to call a professional in when I saw an article on this product . I ordered one up from amazon.com when I was unable to find any in retail stores in my area . It arrived within a few days - totally undamaged . I unpacked it and within 5 minutes was outside trimming the tree . I got the whole job done in 15 minutes . Nothing could have been easier . In fact , several of my neighbors passed by and admired the stik , asked where I got it and how much it cost . This thing is great . Forget the ones that are a little cheaper but so much more work ! God bless you Fiskars !
 I am an ISA Certified Arborist , so I can tell you , as a professional , that this product beats all other similar products out there , hands down . I use mine on the job just about everyday , and it stands up to pretty tough use . It does go through webbing straps every now and then , but restringing new straps is easy , once you get used to it . Customer Support at Fiskars is second to none . They have replaced , at no charge , numerous webbing straps , the extension tube and a cutting head . Rest assured , unless you are a professional out there , you will probably never have to change out anything on your unit . If you ever have to though , I can assure you that Fiskars will be there to help you out , via their toll-free number and quick e-mail response team . I recommend this unit and its smaller brother . Both go into the trees with me , sixty feet and higher , and both give reliable service .
 This is a well designed pruner which enables me to trim overhead branches and vines without using a ladder or having to hire help.The blade is very sharp . The chain mechanism adds strength to cutting and needs only an occasional spritz of WD40 . I bought this as a replacement . It comes with a lifetime -LRB- mine -RRB- warranty so I got a refund on the first one . I could not maintain my garden without this tool . In 24 years I have worn out four pruners with rope pulls . This pruner is far superior and well worth the price .
 I 'm pleased with this . I 'm 66 years old and a cancer survivor so do n't have the saying power of some people . Have found this very easy to use . It is a little heavy for me when fully extended but not so bad I ca n't use it . One thing I learned is to adjust the head so I make square cuts to avoid any hang up from the branch starting to fall and binding the blades . Used this to trim limbs over my electric pasture fence while driving my tractor so my Tractor ROPS bar now clears the limbs . If the jaws fit around a limb you can cut it without a terrible amount of strength . I bought this to trim some tall hedge bushes along the edge of my yard and it worked well for trimming the tall tops . Have used the saw -LRB- 3 inch limbs -RRB- and it cuts fine if you let it do the cutting and take your time . Used it to cut some woody stemed large weeds on hard to navigate banks too . Over all a very handy tool .
 This thing is perfect . No annoying ropes to tangle and twirl when you 're trying to trim . I have the smaller 6 ' version for quick low trimming as well . Fiskars makes a great product . I 'm a designer and manufacturer so I 'm always looking to make changes to existing products , I do n't think I would change anything .
 I like the Fiskars pruning Stik as it is very light and easy to use without the use of the pull down string . I had a bad experience years ago with a pull down string trimmer with wood handle and this style really is an improvement . I also like the way the cutting edge does n't have to slip over a branch or limb making it very easy and fun to use . It is one of my favorite tools .
 I borrowed a friends Fiskars prunner and just had to have one , great reach ease of use no rope to pull on , , smooth single stroke pruneing
 I just got this a few days ago and could n't resist going out to give it a try immediately . It is a great tool -- gets way up high in the tree and is still relatively easy to position . It does start to feel heavy after awhile when you are pruning high up , but that is inevitable with such a long extension . I could n't cut the large branches that other reviewers talk about , but up to an inch or so was no problem . I managed to bring down a big pile of sticks in a short amount of time.The current version of the pruner does not look like the one Amazon shows . It now has an orange handle like the one shown for model # 92345935 , along with an orange ball on the very end you can pull to get maximum extension . There is a picture on fiskars.com.I ordered # 92345935 too , and if it ever arrives -LRB- unfortunately , Amazon sent it via DHL , which always loses my shipments -RRB- , I 'll compare them here .
 We loved it just spent all evening triming our tree ; s in the yard and we would have had to hire it done had we not had this pruning stickit reaches so far and is Very easy to use I recommend this 100 times over !! Christy
 This is a great tool . My family already owns 3 of the standard Fiskar Pruning Stiks . We have used them far harder than probably intended with no problems . I bought this one for those branches that are out of reach . In shipping , something was apparently dropped on the handle and made a tiny dent which prohibited the Fiskars from telescoping . One email to the manufacturer and they sent another out that day as a replacement . They had boxed the entire length of the handle and it arrived in great condition . Works like a charm !
 This is a fantastic pruner ! It is the best of it 's type I have ever found and used . I highly recommend it !!!
 Really good trimmer , compared to the usual rope style approach . The adjustable trimmer blades feature is handy also .
 My wife and I are new to tree trimming , but this tool makes it so easy to reach even the highest branches with the telescoping pole.Easy to handle and easy on the hands .
 Having read the other reviews I was very interested in this Fiskars telescoping model . I too have had poor experiences with the more common style of tree trimmer -LSB- hold heavy pole in one hand , pull rope with the other or stop to untangle it again -RSB- . Very well designed with a good balance between light weight and rigid construction . The thumblatches on the swiveling head and the pole extension are easy to use and kept things where I wanted . Was pleasantly surprised by how readily the self-adjusting tensioning strap responds as you change the length . This model fits through tight gaps better than any other trimmer I have ever seen , cuts cleanly , and is even pretty handy in helping dislodge the trimmed section if it gets hung up on the way down . Was kind of disappointed when I ran out of branches that `` needed '' to be trimmed!I have not used the saw blade yet , but it also looks to be better made and more durable than the previous models I have used -LSB- which bend and become dull too easily for my taste -RSB- . Now I have a problem ... how do I hide this from my neighbor who likes to borrow -LRB- and abuse -RRB- my tools ??? Guess from now on my tree trimming will be very early or very late in the day , LOL !
 This thing is great . It 's easy to use and very effective . I can reach almost any branch from the ground . Sometimes I have to get on a ladder with it , or hang out a window from my second floor , but I always accomplish what I 'm out to do . I could n't do that before with just a ladder and a standard size pruner .
 I first learned about this at a fruit tree pruning class that University of Florida conducted for Master Gardeners . They talked about what a great light weight tool it was . We actually got a chance to use it in the hands on part of the class . I knew I had to have one and Amazon had the best price plus it qualified for Prime shipping.It is very easy to use . I do n't have great arm strength but was able to trim with ease . I am not very tall but was finally able to get rid of branches that had been irritating me for some time . It would have cost me more to hire someone to do what I did the first day than what I paid for this gem .
 While I purchased this tool for its angle cutting ability , I was pleasantly surprised by its ease of use which translates into finishing the job far quicker than with other tools . Positioning the cutter from below is a snap.After years of using traditional pole cutters that must be hooked over the top of the branch , using this stick is a breeze . Just come up from below . Gone also is fumbling for the rope and positioning the hand pull when the pole 's length is changed . With the pruning stick , the flip of a lever permits telescoping . And there 's no rope to slow you down.This is a very well designed tool which is well worth the higher price it commands .
 My Fiskars pruning stik arrived two days ago and all I can say is , If I 'd only known sooner ! Wow!If I 'd only known sooner , I could have avoided the many trips up and down my ladder , climbing to oxygen challenging heights to trim branches that I 'm sure were put there just to humiliate me . If I 'd only known sooner , I could have saved a couple hundred bucks by NOT hiring a tree trimmer to come and take out branches that were unsightly and unsafe . If I 'd only known sooner , I could have avoided the battle scars that I have on my forearms from winding and clawing my way into my monsterous rose tree.This pruning stik slices through branches like butter , even when fully extended . The clipping mechanism is very , very easy to use and not cumbersome at all . I 'm not a large person by any means , but I was more than able to handle this tool.I 'd recommend the Fiskars 92405935 Telescoping Pruning Stik to anyone who has ever had hand to branch combat in their backyard ! The satisfaction of a job well done only leads me back to my original statement ... If I 'd only known sooner !
 The cutters on the pruning stick are great . Easy to use and works very well . The one fault I have with the Stik is that when you attach the saw blade to prune larger branches , the telescoping pole moves up and down while trying to saw . I have atempted to tighten the nut , but the pole continues to try and move each time you try to saw . Other than that its a great tool , made well and makes pruning an easy task .
 Overall a very useful tool . Pros
 I LOVE FISKARS ! The Company and the Products they make.The First one sent to me was defective , Notified Amazon and told to Contact Fiskars , did so and they sent out a replacement ASAP at no Charge -LRB- hard to find good companys with integrity like that these days , Dont believe me ? Check out my kodak revue at -LSB- . . -RSB- I 'm `` taradiddle '' over there , and kodak is the WORST Company I 've ever encountered , they have zero morals and I will never buy from them again , oooo ! sorry , I get pissed off thinking about how they ripped me -LSB- . . -RSB- . and kept my cameras too ! -RRB- Anyway , I hate shopping so internet shopping is so refreshing , but it can be hit and miss so when I got this Pruner from fiskars I fell in love w / it , it slices threw limbs like butter , reaches further than your will believe and weighs so little.you get 2 choices on how to cut that branch , either slide the gizmo on the handle or pull the cord at the end of the handle.I use both at same times sometimes . Plus it comes with a attachable saw blade of which I have never tryed , only because my husband got me `` chainsaw on a stick '' for my birthday , and i use that instead , -LRB- Illtell ya , he says , its `` one '' of the best gifts a man can get his wife ... imagine ... Your Yard , Your Wife and a Chainsaw dangling on a stick which is hovering about 10 feet above her head , as she is clear-cutting the Neighborhood ! -RRB- ok , so now I own almost every Fiscar cutter they make and am biased , does not take away the fact that this is one great tool!Fiskars is a great company and my husband is a great gift giver !
 I had the Corona pruning stick for a couple of years and only recently discovered that Fiskars had also made the pruning stick.Compared to the Corona , the Fiskars is definitely better . The cutter on the Fiskar opens outward , so it is much easier to position the brach between the shears . On the Corona , the branch needs to be placed in a hook-like slot from the bottom . The Fiskar has the pulling mechanism built into the stick . The Corona requires pulling on a rope that is connected by a pulley at the top of the cutter.The Fiskars is also much lighter which makes positioning the claw much easier . This becomes more evident when one is on a ladder . I used to struggle with the Corona on the ladder . Since the cutting requires tugging on a separate rope , the stick needs to be held by one hand . After about three branches or so , the hand that holds the fully extended stick simply gets too tired for more work . I used to position the stick with two hands and have my son pull on the rope from the ground . The Fiskar , on the other hand , is much lighter , and since the cutting action allows the left hand to be on the stick , holding the stick in place is much easier.We usually pay well over the price of the Fiskars to have someone come in to crown the trees . I crowned a relatively large tree -LRB- about 3 decades old -RRB- in about 30 minutes . So with 30 minutes of work , the Fiskars essentially paid for itself.After about an hour and a half , I ended up crowning two large trees and trimming branches of another tree extending over the roof.I really like this product .
 This is the best yard tool purchase I have ever made . It is so easy to use , cuts clean with little effort . I 'm 66 , have arthritis in both hands and had no problem using this pruner . Have n't tried to use the saw attachment since the pruner has cut the limbs I needed to trim . Love the swivel head .
 The loopers cut through branches without having to exert myself too much . I have to say I am blown away with the ease of use of this product . I purchased this to trim back my neighbors over hanging limbs . I was able to extend the purner far enough to cut the limb from the trunk instead of cutting back a small portion.I have n't used the saw attachment that comes with this product , but from what I have experienced with loppers I am without a doubt certain it will perfrom flawlessly .
 Since my trees have grown quite tall I am struggling every year with the problem how to thin them out . A few times I hired somebody , but there were usually language communication problems -LRB- non habla espanol -RRB- and the result was dismal . A few years ago I bought one of these pruning sticks with the dangling ropes and that one had a short life span and did not work very well.After reading a lot of reviews I decided to buy the Fiskars telescoping pruning stik and I am happy I did . I am a little old lady and I am able to get to nearly all the branches I want to . Either with the pruning device or the saw . Both work great . Just great . Every day I cut a few branches because it is still tiring working with your arms up in the air and I compost , so I have to cut the branches down for my compost . My trees are already starting to get a much better shape and I am happy . I highly recommend this pruning stik versus the cheaper ones . This is money well invested . Finally somebody invented something which works .
 It 's so easy to use while sitting on my John Deere Lawn Tractor . It 's better than all the rest . Highly Recommended .
 This is a great product that makes tree trimming easy . Recommended to me by a professional tree trimming company .
 We purchased our home on a community pond because of the fantastic view from each of our rooms and the lanai . However , by the time construction was finished , the view was completely blocked by a dense growth of cattails . After seeing a Fiskar 's 6 ' Pruning Stick at a local ACE hardware I checked reviews and discovered there is a 12 ' stick available . My direct inquiry to Fiskar 's to see if they would recommend the stick for cattails was answered quickly and positively . Amazon 's price was the best and delivery was quick . My family and neighbors all doubted it would work . But the day I got out there and started `` clearing '' they were right out there wanting to take turns using it . If you have cattails I would highly recommend this pruning stick to you . Being short in stature , I found it helpful to have someone pulling the knob while I positioned the head over the reeds in the water .
 This pole pruner performs very well , the ability to rotate the head -LRB- easily cutting branches at different angles -RRB- was one of the main reasons for the purchase . The second reason was the simple/clever design on the cutting and handling -LRB- no additional rope to pull/to mess with -RRB- I would n't like to push it 's cutting ability more than 1 1/4 '' inches , so I would definitely recommend people not to push it above/or at 1 1/4 '' inches . I have n't had the chance to use the saw head/blade setup . I was pleasantly surprised how light it is ; this will reduce the hand/neck ache that can go along with trimming treesI noticed that some reviewers mentioned that the packaging was poor -LRB- it still is - as of August 2008 -RRB- , this is an understatement ; I was lucky that the pruner was n't damaged during shipment . It was ` packed ' if that is was they call it ; wrapped would be a better description , wrapped in a single sheet of thin cardboard . This type of item needs to be shipped in a cylinder/tube box or at least a box that will support/cover the whole item . The packaging that was used would n't protect the pruner from anything other that dust ! It is amazing that the item was n't bend/twisted/dented etc. . Now saying all of that , if it gets to you without being damaged you will enjoy using this pruner , hence the 5 stars
 My Fiskars telescopic pruner is easy to use and paid for itself the first day I used it ! By being able to quickly prune off the seed pods of my parasol trees I wo n't spend a lot of time next year pulling unwanted seedlings . But it was the saw attachment which amazed me . It is incredibly sharp ! I 'm sort of afraid of it -LRB- ha -RRB- . I was able to saw through three-inch live oak limbs with true ease . I could n't believe how quickly it made short work of that incredibly tough wood . It would have cost me a couple hundred dollars to pay someone else to do these jobs for me .
 Purchased this item at 11 AM . Used free supersaver shipping . Received the next day . Unreal . Apparently these are stocked in local warehouses . I live in a small Ohio city . The tracking number immediately showed a UPS exception . This was a first . The product itself is nice . Well made . Easy to use . Some commented on the shipping carton . It was a long box , with 2 separate box pieces taped together . The UPS man told me it looked like it may be damaged . It was fine . I do agree that there should be a box long enough for the item to fit in . The pole is solid enough that there was very little chance of damage . The box is so odd shaped that nothing else will be piled on top . This will be a useful product . Added
 I love this pruner and have been using it for several weeks . It is great and works very well on branches up to 1.5 inches . It is able to reach high branches without a need to climb a ladder and adjusting the length and the angle of the cutter is very easy . It seems to be well made .
 Fiskars Telescoping Pruning Stik # 9240I bought this item because we need new gardening tools . What an improvement on the old rope pulled trimmers . The adjustable head is a nice touch also .
 Love this tool ! I use it all the time as I 'm short and have trouble reaching taller bushes and trees . It is easy to use and light weight enough for me to use for long periods of time . It telescopes very easily and locks into place . When I had my huge fir trees wind-sailed the workman that came saw my tool and asked where I got it . They tried it out , liked it and where going to order some for their own business . I thinks that speaks volumes about the tool and it usability .
 I just purchased the fiskars telescoping pruning stik # 9340 . I am very impressed with the tool , I am a woman and found that I am able to handle the tool without any effort . It is very well made . Also , I am very impressed with amazon.com , I received the product on time which was well packaged . I would certainly purchase from amazon.com.Mimi WallaceFlorida
 Easy to use . Very well build . I recommend this unit to people who have to prune trees up to 12 feet high .
 The Fiskars telescoping tree trimmer is fabulous ! This is the second one that I purchased from Amazon . It is so easy to use and so incredibly sharp that it makes tree pruning and sawing high branches a breeze . Fiskars makes great equipment and is a great company to deal with they give a lifetime guarantee on their trimmers .
 THIS IS THE TOOL THAT SAVED MY ARMS AND BACK . IT 'S SO EASY TO USE WITHOUT GOING UP A LADDER . HAVE PRUNED 1/3 MY PROPERTY ALREADY .
 This is the best pruning device I have ever owned . The 12 foot reach is great and the piviting cutter makes it easy to handle high branches . With a 12 month growing season here in central Florida a tool like this is an absolute necessity
 This is clearly the best telescoping pruner that I have ever used . It is sharp , cuts easily through 1.5 inch branches , and lets me get to places that I thought were unreachable . It also comes with a curved saw blade that is simple to attach and detach . Kudos to Fiskars for an outstanding product .
 works great , first time every time . real time saver ... -LRB- sorry ` amazon ` got it $ 10.00 cheaper at ` home depot ' -RRB- really unusual for you guys .
 I 'VE HAD TWO OF THESE ; THEY ARE THE BEST PRUNERS FOR A VARIETY OF HEIGHTS ... EASY TO USE ... NOT HEAVY TO HANDLE AND NO ROPES IN YOUR WAY . CA N'T BEAT THEM FOR HOUSEHOLD USE ; WORTH THE HEFTY PRICE .
 We have a lot of big trees in our yard and controlling their size is challenging . There are many places you ca n't use ladder -LRB- slope or hard to reach middle part of the tree -RRB- . We actually got a shorter version of this tool first from HomeDepot and had good experience -LRB- light , cut well -RRB- . When we saw the same tool in telescoping version on Amazon , we decided to give it a try . It works well but since it 's telescope style , it could be heavy for small figures but I have to say all other telescoping pruners out there are heavier than this . Best we could ever find for controlling sizes of big trees . I have good experience with Fiskars product in general . By the way , we bought this on Amazon back in 2010 and we have been using it every spring and summer .
 It works great . It even came with a saw blade that I was n't expecting . You do have to switch over from pruning mode to sawing mode but that 's no big deal . The saw cuts with less effort than I would have believed . Wish I had this years earlier !
 Works like a charm . Turned a hazardous job off a ladder to a easy fast job . Glad I got the 12 foot one as even '' little '' trees get big once you are next to them . did n't even read the directions unit was ready & so easy to use
 Easy to trim very high branches . Winding mechanism is not as smooth as expected but overall a great tool . Would recommend to anyone .
 This tool does makes pruning easy.I just trimmed a tree in my front yard that was about 20 ' tall with ease.If you need a pruner ... get it .
 The Fiskars pruning stik does everything it claims.The saw is very sharp and cuts through branches quickly.The pruning cutter takes little effort to cut through smaller branches due to the gear drive . A long pull for such a short cut gives a lot of power to the cut .
 I purchased this pruner after already owning and liking the smaller 6 ' Fiskars pruner . I 'm completly happy with my purchase . I 'm going to purchase another one as a gift for my dad . It 's lightweight but powerful .
 I love it '' I have arthritis in my hands and I have no problem using it . I highly recommend it !
 This is a fantastic tool ! I 've needed a pole pruner for years , but never could use the old rope-and-pulley models , which were just too heavy for me -- I 'm 5 ' 1 '' and not all that strong ! Plus , I wanted a saw blade in addition to the pruning shear . I also do n't like ladders -LRB- serious problems with vertigo -RRB- ! Full disclosure
 This is a quality pruner . Works as advertised by cutting anything smaller than 3/4 '' . The product is made better that the average and mediocre garden tools I find today . Highly recommended . Engineering of this tool is excellent .
 The only knock on this product of which I can think is that it extends too easily . It 's hard to get the clamp tight enough so that when cutting the pole wo n't keep extending . The blade cuts beautifully and easily . This item would have been worth the money at a significantly higher price point .
 Okay , I 'm really not a tool geek . But I have to admit , I did open the box as soon as it arrived and went out back to trim a branch that towered over my head . I was really surprised ! Not only does it work , but it DOES cut branches like a hot knife through butter . I mean , it really felt like that . Who knew ? Anyway , despite my weird-sounding hype , it does work great , and will make a nice addition to my suburban tool collection .
 In the $ 80 range with no shipping or tax , this is worth the money if you need to prune tree branches on a regular basis as I do . My husband loves it and thinks the construction is superior . Unfortunately , I have difficulty working it . He 's 65 , and I 'm 59 and do n't have the arm strength/length nor the the height -LRB- 5 ' 3 '' and under are going to have trouble -RRB- to work it properly when it needs to be fully extended . Any man should have no difficulty , and it will pay for itself the first time you use it versus hiring someone to prune for you.August 30 , 2007 update
 This product is amazing . Cuts through branches 1.25 to 1.5 inches with ease . I have used many , many pole pruners and this is superior to them all . Light weight and well balanced to boot .
 excellent product , already done with winterizing trimming around the house , when I first pulled the cutting bowel and branch fell down , my wife instantly said '' magic '' , that 's how I felt , too . But then moving on to larger branch and switching to cutting saw and that 's when problems occured , first the wing nut which were used to tighten and positioned the saw were being knocked off by the tree because of the push and pull motion ; which un-screw the wing nut , went down and look for it , after finding it and tightening it up super tight , back to work and the extension poll fell out also caused by the push and pull motion , pick it up , slided it back in , tightening it up and figured out how the rope and jaw reacts to each other and did some adjustments , and it works fine ever since , I 'd give it a 5 star if not because it took me 30 minutes to find things and fixed and adjusted it the first time I 've used it , other than that , it 's a great helper to make things possible .
 Hey , This is a great product - better than any other pruner I have used -LRB- I 've used a lot of them -RRB- . I have one of these -LRB- bought many , many , years ago from Menards -RRB- at my cabin in Michigan . It works great on both hardwoods and softwoods . It has been used & abused , and I have never had a problem with it . It always works flawlessly . There is no reaching for a rope that just gets tangled up in branches with this thing . Just line up the adjustable cutting head on a branch , pull the handle -LRB- that is built into the pole -RRB- , and clip - you are done . Anyway , I bought another one through Amazon , recently , for my use at home . Unfortunately , Menards/HomeDepot -LRB- in the Chicago area -RRB- no longer sell this version of the pruning stik . They sell a much shorter version that does not nearly have the reach this one has . Also , I shopped around and this Amazon retailer seemed to have the best deal -LRB- including shipping -RRB- on this product .
 I enjoy gardening and try to do everything myself . I have a Acre of land with alot of mature trees and was never able to prune the lower 15-20 feet . Every 2 years I had to hire someone at a cost of several hundred dollars . No more , the Pruning Stick does a beautiful job . Its very well built and it cuts like butter . I love it . Now I 'm able to do it myself and prune all the trees the exact length I want.I must add I have not tried the saw included with the Pruning Stick since I also purchased American Gardeners Yardsaw , but have not used it yet .
 Delivery took six weeks . The cutting action is so effortless , I could n't tell whether a smaller branch had been severed , as there was virtually no resistance . I only wish that A : Fewer parts were plastic B : The pull cord were longer so I could hold the stik overhead and still use it at maximum height , and C : There was a 10 foot extension to get even higher branches .
 I used my 9240 pruning stick for a few years , trimmed lots of branches -LRB- it really does get up high too -RRB- . The quality of this product is very good . Recently however , the jaws on the cutter were not opening back up like they should . I believe like many , I and others who have borrowed it , try and go past the 1 1/4 '' or so they say you should cut . I had saved the part of the packaging that came with it that said it had a lifetime warranty , went to the Fiskars website . Fiskars had a warranty form to fill out online , and send in a picture of your product . A few days later they Emailed and said they are replacing it under their warranty . A few days after that , a brand new pruning stick arrived at my house , no charge for product , no shipping charge.There are not many Companies that stand by their product anymore , it was good to find one that does . The usefullness , the quality , and the peace of mind about Fiskars is why I recommend this to others .
 Have been use it four times . This pole pruner performs so good . it cuts sharply and you will be surprised by the little effort you made !
 How great to find that this tool works as well as reviewers say . It 's lightweight , it 's well designed , it 's easy to use , and it works great . I 'm so glad I decided to trim my crepe myrtle myself , instead of hiring someone for $ 300 . Yes , I have to climb a ladder to get the top branches , but I had fun.One feature I did n't read about is the sliding handle on the pole -LRB- the orange in the photo -RRB- which is the mechanism for pulling the pruning blades closed instead of pulling on a rope . There 's also a 12-inch `` string '' attached to that handle in case you need another 12 inches of reach . Very glad to have this pruner . The neighbors will be borrowing it , no doubt .
 extends easily and cuts thru most branches on my 20 ' weeping cherry tree . Very happy with this purchase . Would highly recommend this product .
 This has been one of the best tools I have bought so far !! it 's so easy to cut !! great buy
 if you are considering a tree pruner , spend the extra dough and get this one . EEEEAAAASY TO USE ! No rope getting tangled or hooking over a branch . Cut at the angle of your choice to get that beautiful cut . Telescopes for harder to reach spots . The saw slips if not tightened enough . Saved a lot of money by doing this myself . A pro would have charged about $ 500 and I get the cut that I want ! I have more trees to do on the farm . Fun to use and backed by Fiskars .
 A very good telescoping pruner that allows me to trim most of my trees without a ladder or having ropes get caught on limbs .
 all i can say ... wish it was around 30 yrs ago ... we have a orchard ... fired my gardeners ... easy as pie ... light made strong ... cuts like butter ... we have been buying at amazon for yrs ... gr8 service . . shop all the time ... thanks amazon . .
 excellent product , easy to use , saw is not in the way , so pruning is much easier , cuts live and dead branches easily . saw is easy to attach , sharp , cuts well .
 Gave as gift and person receiving gift was oh so pleased . Works well and does as advertised .
 I had used this tool in Italy and I looked for it when I came back home . It cuts trough the branches -LRB- over 2 inches thick -RRB- with ease , the head rotate making the manouver easier , the cutting element is very sharp and it is not too heavy . I like it so much I bought one for each of my son-in - laws and for my son . It 's really a fantastic tool.Alessandra
 This is a great piece of equipment . Always used the rope type trimmer before -LRB- used it primarily for shooting lanes for hunting -RRB- . The old rope tangled in the vines , the head would bind up due to the weak springs etc. . The Fiskars is of great quality and versatility . Long reach , adjustable head - I 'll never use the old style pruners again . If you do a lot of pruning and trimming this equipment is just the ticket - well worth the price .
 I have cut a zillion limbs since buying this product . It is well worth the money !!!
 This tool is sharp , extensible to 13 feet , and light weight . Plus it comes with an attachable saw . The head is adjustable to allow a wide variety of cutting angles . I cut some branches about 1 1/4 inch in diameter and it did pretty well . It extends easily , and the mechanism for closing the cutting jaws is very convenient . I highly recommend it .
 I have owned a non telescoping Fiskars pruner for over a year and am impresed at the work I can accomplish easily . This telescoping pruner is a great addition to my 6 ft fixed Fiskars.In an hour my oaks looked neater than any on the neighborhood without spending a ton for outside help . I feel more in control of my yard.A great tool for a homeowner .
 This product is of utmost quality ! I have always felt that Fiskars made quality -LRB- and the SHARPEST -RRB- cutting products . I was not disappointed with this telescoping pruner . It chops off really thick branches , very high up on the tree . I am very pleased and will buy other Fiskars products again !
 Good product , works efficiently in the unusual places . Care must be taken with the pulling mechanism but with attention by user , all should be fine .
 I 've have made my living as a technician ever since 1977 - 6 years after getting my MS from UW-Milwaukee . As a technician -LRB- Cal licensed electrician/locksmith 1982 -RRB- I 'll tell you that this is as good as it gets . It is well designed , light and easy to use . The saw accessory is useless , as the teeth are too coarse to be used safely and effectively . Just toss it .3 BIG WORDS OF CAUTION THAT REAL MEN NEED TO READ TWICE -- 1 -- do not cut anything that requires more than 120 # of pull . 2 -- when not in use , spray the cutting area with some sort of lubricant -- to prevent rust , -LRB- 3 -RRB- most importantly , when pulling the cutting sleeve , do not , I repeat do not ever , ever , ever brace the end of the pole against your shoulder -LRB- pectorial muscles -RRB- when pulling on the sliding sleeve . TJS .
 I have a huge pine tree in front of our house that requires constant attention due to storm damage . I could never figure out how i could get to the branches . I saw this Fiskars Pruning Stik and decided to try it , hoping it would solve my problem and it did . It is very useful and light enough for me to handle .
 I first purchased the Black and Decker cordless power trimmer to replace my old ` rope pull ' trimmer . The black and decker is Only good for larger branches , and will not cut small branches less than 2 '' . Ordered this Fiskar telescoping pruning stick , and does a wonderful job . The pull handle is much easier to use than the old rope pull type , and is less tiring to use .
 This pruner is so light weight and so easy to use I am sorry I did not get it sooner . My old one , which I still have and dont use , has a wooden handle and the rope pulley . This one is so much lighter and reaches higher with ease . I will stick to products made by fiskars from now on . I am very satisfied .
 Wow to my surprize how easy and well it works .
 A very useful tool . Plenty of adjustabity for length as well as cutter rotation . Allows user to access obscure branches easily . Light weight to reduce fatigue yet strong design , but care should be taken as to not bind or stress plastic cutter head . Awesome saw also ; just a couple of strokes for a 1 '' limb . A must have for the arborist homeowner . Four stars for the same reason that nobody gets a 10 except Jesus .
 Works great but I saw it today at target for $ 45 . Wish I had looked there first and saved some money .
 After it arrived , I went right out and trimmed a few trees . Amazing how easy it was to use and how effective it was .
 The Fiskars 9240 is a superb product and does it 's job VERY well . If you over stress it , like any tool , you might break it but I 've not managed to do so as yet.Here 's what you MUST know about this product.Don ' t buy it here . Period.Save yourself $ 24 by buying it at your local True Value Hardware store . It 's locally owned , it 's locally operated , and you 'll SAVE money.I 'm not associated with True Value in any manner .
 This pole pruner performs excellently.I found the following features to be especially useful : - rotating head , allows easy cuts of branches at different angles . - no additional rope to pull , makes for easy cutting and handling . - saw blade is sharp and it also allows user to change the angle of the blade so that you can saw more efficiently.Features I wish it had : - the ability to cut more than its 1 & 1/4-inch cutting capacity . - when using the saw blade , the FULLY extended handle flexes a bit more than I prefer.Overall this telescopeing pole pruner is excellent.I have been using mine regularly to prune trees for over a year and it still cuts as sharply as it did on the first day.By the way , some reviewers mentioned that the packaging was poor and they got a damaged product , they must have ordered it early before the new packaging was incorporated . My Pruning Stik arrived in good condition , it had a thick supporting cardboard piece to ensure the long box did not bend .
 My husband has borrowed a friends Corona telescoping pruner for a couple of years now and he liked it so much he asked for one for christmas . Although the Corona got rave reviews , I gambled on this Fiskars because of the rotating cutting head which `` cuts like butter '' according to one reviewer . My husband used this tool last weekend and was thrilled . He said this makes the other pruner feel like a Model-T in comparison . The strap that connects to the cutter is contained within the pole and adjusts automatically when you raise or lower it . No more fiddling with a loose string . It raises and lowers effortlessly and indeed cuts through branches like butter . Best of all , the job that used to take him 2 hours took only 30 minutes . Wow .
 I 've used the Telescoping Pruning Stik for 5 months to maintain 5 25ft trees . The cutting head works well for 3/4 '' and thinner branches . Larger than that and the jaws often get stuck around the branch . Once while trying to free it , the plastic head came off of the aluminum pole , so now I know to rotate the entire pole around the branch instead of trying to pull it free . After freeing the jaws , I was able to reattach the head . The ball-shaped pull knob on the bottom end seats very tightly and often the entire end cap comes off while trying to free it . I think it would be easier to operate if it was a T-handle . Likewise , the upper grip would also be easier to operate if it had a lower lip or pistol grip for a more positive grip . Or replace them with some sort of lever actuator for more mechanical advantage.For branches thicker than 3/4 '' , I use the woodzig blade . The blade cuts on the pull stroke . The blade is tough to use on thinner , flexible branches , but works pretty quickly on thicker , stiffer branches . I have n't used the blade as much and time will tell how effective it will be as it dulls . I keep the clamp attached to the pole , but I 've already lost the original screw and wing nut that holds the blade . I had attached them to the clamp for storage , but should 've attached them to the blade.While the Pruning Stik was excellent when new , all of the plastic parts seem to have loosened over time . While the pole seemed flexible when new , the looseness makes it feel even more flexible . However , nothing has broken yet and it has been much less expensive than hiring professionals to trim those same trees . If and when something does break , I will be contacting Fiskars about warranty service . I should 've kept the original shipping box though as it 's tough to find another box that long.UPDATE
 This product is superior to any other pruner I have seen . It is very easy to use , and the mechanical advantage makes lopping limbs like cutting butter . The rotating cutting head is very convenient , as are the two pull handles for cutting.Beware the shipping if you order online . This product is very long -LRB- over seven feet -RRB- even when collapsed . The shipping carton used is flimsy . The first one to arrive had several shattered parts . The replacement arrived bent in two . I had to swap parts between the two units to make a whole one . That seemed more practical than asking for a third shipment . But it was definitely worth it to wind up with such a great pruner .
 I have a large yard with many trees . I have struggled with trimming them for many years . This pruner seems to be the answer to my prayers . As I said , it saves lots of time , as I do n't have to drag a ladder around the yard all the time . It 's also a lot safer standing on the ground timming . I also did have a problem with it extending when I was sawing . I tightened the screw with an allen wrench , but it loosened again . Next time I 'm going to try a bit of Lock-tight on the screw and see if that helps . Even so , I still think this is one of the best tools I own .
 So far I am completely amazed with this product ! I bought this to replace an older `` rope and pulley '' pole saw that always annoyed me and got tangled up in branches . With this pruner you can get the cutters straight onto a branch without any hassle and it goes through the smaller limbs effortlessly.I love the quick adjustment knobs for extending the pole and the angle of the head . They make it so easy to go from the higher limbs to lower ones without any fuss . This tool is very rigid and solid feeling but also much lighter than you would expect . I do not fatigue as quickly as I did with my fiberglass model.The option to operate the cutters via the slide-handle , or the ball on the end of the pole , is a great feature and really allows you to get up into the higher branches.The quick-attach feature of the saw accessory is very handy . What I hated about my other pruner was that the saw was always in the way when I was trying to snip , and the rope and pulleys got in the way when I needed to saw . This makes it quick and easy to select the mode you need without interference.I am a homeowner with only about seven Oaks and a few Dogwoods to keep . I do not know how this would stand up to daily use in a professional environment , but it seems pretty rugged and well built to me.I would still recommend this tool at the $ 129.00 MSRP from Fiskar 's website , but at Amazon 's price it 's no-brainer . This really makes the chore of yard work fun . I only wish I had more trees to groom !
 I highly recomend the Fiskars 9240 Telescoping Pruning Stik . I ordered this tool on-line without having examined one but relied on reviews on this and other sites . Believe me , this is absolutely a great tool . The design results in great leverage and no problem even with a full 1.25 inch limb . The unit is lite enough to permit easy pruning even with it fully extended . The Stik is easily adjusted to length with a quick snap of a lever , and it definitely beats those traditional pruners with a pull rope while much easier to operate .
 Since we have several high bushes to trim each year , we needed a cutting devise that would help to do the difficult tasks.Now that we have the new Fiskars telescoping pruning stik , most high bush trimming is done without too much difficuly . We are happy to have purchased this tool .
 good medium duty tool for home use . Should be ok if you do not treat it to roughly , It is not commercial grade , but well worth the cost , , , , , , , , , , , easy to use and economical ... I reccomend it
 WARNING
 I bought this thing quite a while back in 2009 and to this day it 's working like a champ . The best features of this is the ability to turn the cutting head and not having a long rope that gets tangled around.It does cut like butter as some say and I believe that 's due to two things
 tHE PIECE OF EQUIPMENT IS WELL MADE , BUT IT IS N'T 13 FEET IN LENGTH , IT IS ONLY A COUPLE INCHES OVER 12 FEET . AND IT WO N'T CUT 1 INCH AND 1/2 LIMBS SINCE THE CUTTING JAWS ONLY OPEN TO 1 INCH . BUT I 'LL JUST MOVE UP ONE STEP ON MY LADDER !!
 This is a nice , light weight tool for trimming small branches high in trees and shrubs . It easily cuts branches up to 1/2 inch . The only reason I did not give it a five star rating is my experience with other Fiskars ' tools with the same type of adjustable head . The head is a weak point , after a few months of use my experience is that the plastic head will fail . Even though it has a lifetime warranty ; returning for repairs is just too difficult to be worth the trouble .
 Length :
 I have had this tool for two years and it gets normal use among 10 trees . The swivel cutting head alone makes this tool special . Adjusting the head to the angle of the branch makes all the difference . You will be much more precise in your cuts . The chain ratchet is very smooth and requires less force than rope cutters . And to those who complain it does not have the capacity , I have easily cut many 1-1/4 inch branches with no problem . Ensure that the strap is adjusted so the cutters are fully open when the pull handle is retracted . I wipe the cutters after every use and apply a touch of lubricant . These are better than the others I have used . They make pruning almost a pleasure . .
 This is the best tree pruner I have ever had . It can go up to 15 feet to prune and it has a saw to get larger branches and you dont have to deal with a rope to do the pruning which hurts your hand . This has a rotating head that helps in small places to prune branches . It has a chain that works the tension for cutting the branches . I can reach everything from just standing on the ground no more ladders for me . This is the best tool I have ever bought . Phyl
 Good tool to have on hand if you have a lot of trees . I bought it mainly to trim up branches in our back yard that I could n't reach with our two-handed pruner . Overall I like this pruner and it does a great job cutting with ease with the pull of the handle . Using the saw blade is somewhat tricky if you ca n't get the leverage on the stick to saw the branch off . If you extend out the stick all the way , it is wobbly but it still does the job . Overall , I would recommend this .
 I am the first time owner of a Fiskars product . This tool is so easy to handle and does a terrific job in pruning tree branches . The telescoping wand is very light to handle and it cuts through branches like butter . I am very happy with this product and will definitely in the future , purchase ONLY Fiskars tools .
 This pruner is a bit pricey but worth the extra cost . It is well constructed , cuts with little effort and has plenty of reach . The main reason I purchased this is the way the cutter works . Most pruners have a rope that you pull . This pruner has a set up that uses a nylon band which is part of the telescoping handle . You just telescope the handle in and out , no need to worry about the rope hanging . The handle to activate the cutter on the pole is much easier on your hand than a rope pull . The rotating cutting head is a nice feature . I have not use the blade that comes with it but the teeth look very aggressive making cutting thicker branches a breeze .
 The Fiskars Telescoping Pruning Stik is exactly what I needed . The trees around my house are becoming over grown and this stik makes it easy to trim the branches and saw off bigger limbs . The blades stay sharp and work very well . It made cleaning up the yard much easier . I highly recommend this product .
 Every once in a while I come across a tool where my expectations were fairly moderate but upon actual use I am just blown away . This pruning stick is saving me hundreds of $ $ $ in landscaping costs.I have over the past year or so reached the point where pruning my trees with a ladder and normal hand clippers is no longer safe . I was going to call a landscaping service and have them do the annual spring cleaning on my trees , but then thought I should tree one of these extensible pruning sticks.Here are all the pros for the Fiskars # 9240 : - came completely assembled and ready to use -LRB- saw blade has to be attached separately , but it was incredibly easy to do -RRB- - some reviewers commented on the plastic materials as a disadvantage - I have to say the stick is surprisingly sturdy and of course very light , which is particularly helpful when it is completed extended and when sawing - knife blade is surprisingly sharp and it is possible , with the hand pull , to cut branches the entire width of the blade opening . Occasionally , multiple pulls are necessary but still result in clean cuts - ca n't believe how sharp the saw blade is - I cut a branch ~ 5 '' in diameter about 20ft high off the ground standing on a ladder and if it took me more than 1 minute I 'd be shocked - the hand pull works beautifully at all levels of extensionCa n't say enough good things about this pruning stick .
 Incredible . For years , I 've been using an older rope-type Fiskars pruner I got from my Dad as I did n't want to buy a new one , though I 've never seen the Pruning Stik before . What used to take me 2 afternoons took me a few hours , and this time I pruned about 2x the amount I did before . That makes it over 4x more efficient than the older pruner set.Some key benefits , that you 've probably already read in the product description : - Very easy to quickly extend and retract . Actually very fun . Clicks like a good tool should . - Very long . Longer than my old pruner . - Even when fully extended , it 's light enough that you can still control it . - Nylon belt embedded in the channel in the handle does n't tangle up in branches or swing around like the rope . - Great cutting blade . Very strong . - Upwards pointing blade makes everything much easier . Rotating head is nice , but I 've only used it a few times.I still use the old pruner , but just the saw attachment for thicker branches . The saw for the Pruning Stik is good and convenient , but you still have to screw and unscrew it on and off . It 's easier to just pick up the other saw and put it down again.Sure it seems expensive compared to the other products , but you 'll love using it .
 I have used this tool for three years in Europe for getting to higher branches . Ca n't imagine how one can keep trees orderly without this device . The Fiskars name means Fiskars quality . The included saw for thicker branches is as good as the ` special ' palm saw I had already bought before Fiskars marketed it in the USA . So , if you live in sub-tropical climes , do n't bother to buy anything except this Fiskars tool for looking after palms and other trees ... If you live further north , it 's an equally essential tool .
 No more tangled rope ! No more trying to get on the correct side of the tree to get close to the trunk . It 's wonderful and it reaches way up .
 The pruner works great as it is . Surprisingly high reach . But for some branches that need more force , bracing the end on a tool belt around the waist helps .
 Tlhis is the first such type pruning stik that we had purchased . It has been very easy to use and a nice reach when extended . Excellent item at an excellent price .
 Love the sprinkler . I 've looked everywhere for an all metal one . I have an issue w / my dog , who attacks the sprinkler when it 's on . I 've gone through many sprinkers because of her . Although she can still drag it across the lawn , she 's yet to do any damage at all . It also works great , good coverage , gets the grass wet .
 This is one of those items that is pass/fail - it either does what it says it will do or it does n't . This sprinkler does what it says it will do . It was recommended when I bought it that I buy more than one for convenience . I plan to do so .
 Well constructed ! Great coverage . I can do the entire front yard and only move the sprinkler once . It oscillates back and forth rapidly so the area you want watered is covered and there is n't as much pooling of water as with some oscillating sprinklers . Our neighbor has one and we were always in envy ... now we have one of our own .
 I bought this fantastic heavy duty Gilmour metal sprinkler five years ago and I love it . I 'd highly recommend it if you 're in the market for a good quality sprinkler that will last forever . I love that it 's easy to set , those two red paddles slide closer together or farther apart -LRB- no little knobs that get stuck and are difficult to turn -RRB- and it has a wide variety of widths that you can adjust for . The sprinkler also works with a little water pressure or a lot of water pressure to help water smaller or larger garden areas . It 's all zinc and brass and heavy enough to take some serious water pressure , I 've never found it flipped over in the garden like others I 've owned . After going through a few cheap sprinklers , I invested in this one and I 've been happy with it for the last 5 years and it 's still going strong.The only trouble you may have with this sprinkler is when trying to use a lower water pressure to water a smaller area . Most likely this is because of your frost free faucet not the sprinkler . After we replaced our frost free faucets with regular ball valves with a shutoff valve inside for winter , we now have more water pressure control and more pressure overall than with the old frost-free faucets . I can now set the sprinkler to water a really small area and my entire lawn as well .
 I highly recommend this sprinkler . I bought this unit using Amazon.com because my local Lowe 's no longer carried this particular unit . I now have four of these units . I have yet to experience any problem with wear of the nylon gears . One of the reasons I like this unit is that it has a heavy metal base . Comnpared to Rain Bird units it is much more durable , much quieter in operation , much easier to adjust .
 I have been using Gilmour oscillating sprinklers for the past eight years and have been very satisfied . I have a relatively large yard and refuse to pay the high cost of an automatic sprinkler system . I bought this particular model in 2005 and it lasted almost 5 years before encountering the problem described by other reviewers -LRB- it just quit oscillating -RRB- . In my experience , this is to be expected with any sprinkler of this type after a few seasons of use . The great thing about buying a Gilmour sprinkler is the outstanding warranty replacement service you receive . You are truly getting a lifetime warranty . Whenever one of my sprinklers breaks , I simply call the customer service line and describe the problem . Within a week a new sprinkler shows up at my door ! This really is far and away a better customer service experience you would ever expect . So , when yours breaks , do n't just throw it away ! Spend 5 minutes on the phone with the friendly people at Gilmour and they 'll send you a brand new one for free .
 My unit is in its second season and works great . I bought it because it has different method to set width of spray -- the two red arms/levers ... other units seem to die after a year or so and just spray part of the yard no matter how you set them.I came here to buy a second unit but now the reviews cause me some concern!Well , I did n't pay this much for mine , paid about $ 40 , so if it lasts another year it will have been worth it .
 THis gnome is very cute but there was some painting errors , but it was still loved by the receiver .
 I think this is hilarious - very cute - too cute for my backyard -LRB- I bought it for the back planter -RRB- - so I 'm keeping it in my office - well painted - seems sturdy
 Our University of Michigan gnome goes with us to every football game . He 's a huge hit at tailgate parties ! When he 's not saying `` go blue '' with us , he 's a cute decoration in my office .
 THE UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN GNOME HAS BECOME A REAL PART OF MY SON 'S FAMILY . I GAVE IT TO HIM FOR CHRISTMAS AND BEING A BIG MICHIGAN FAN HE ABSOLUTELY LOVED IT . YES HE IS THE TRAVELING GNOME , HE GOES ON ALL THE FAMILY OUTINGS AND VACATIONS , HE IS IN ALL THE PHOTOS AT EVERY SPOT THEY VISIT . HE IS ALSO THERE AT EVERY GAME THE FAMILY WATCHES ON TV AND GOES TO TAILGATE PARTIES TOO . WHEN THE FAMILY IS AT HOME HE SITS AT THE DINNER TABLE ALONG SIDE EVERYONE ELSE . MY 2 YEAROLD GRANDDAUGHTER LOVES HIM AND PLAYS WITH HIM LIKE A DOLL.DEFINETLY A FUN PART OF THE FAMILY .
 Great product . Sits in our garden and looks good . Not corny . Quite durable and stands up to weather well . Overall a great purchase .
 I got this for my dad for Christmas and he loved it a ton . It was worth buying if your friends and family like sports .
 For the U of M fan with a yard . Bought two , both were in good shape/paints fine . Smaller than I expected , but it is the size listed . Went over well under the xmas tree , if I ever have need for a football gnome again , this is where I would look first . Thanks .
 Go Michigan - Fans just adore it.Great ornament for display!Good conversation starter.It probably will not see the garden .
 Looks amazing came packed well and they are just really cool decorations for your yard or house ! Highly recommend to anyone who is looking for a cool gift !
 My Father in law is a HUGE Michigan Fan , got this for him and he proudly displays it on the porch
 Bought this as a gift for someone who loves UofM and just moved into his first house . It 's very cool and nicely painted . He loves it and I 'm happy
 Saw one of these while tailgating at a Michigan game . Brought it for my husband for Christmas . Very cute , just what I was expecting .
 I have been looking for this gnome for forever . I had bought the female cheerleader gnome a few years ago and could never find the male . After a short search on Amazon I found him . Great quality product !
 I am a Michigan fan and I love this gnome , we named him Jethro and he sat with us during the Michigan vs OSU game , he did his job WE WON ... GO BLUE . !!!!!
 This is a great gift for that maize and blue lover in your life ! I got this little gnome for my grams garden for Christmas , shes a huge Wolverines fan and I just know shes going to LOVE this !
 My boyfriend has every Michigan sticker , keyfob , utensil , pen , apparel , etc. for Michigan . He recently became interested in backyard life and landscaping and I stumbled on this adorable figurine by accident . He loves it . It 's winter here in VA so , I have yet to see what it looks like outdoors . It 's so cute it makes me laugh . Someone reviewed that it was so small that it gets lost in the foliage but I do n't feel the gnomes are meant to stand out ; look a little closer & you spot it . Putting it in a potted plant in the office is a great idea , although it 's not THAT small :-RRB- Hope this review helps .
 I purchased this gnome as a Xmas gift for my son-in-law . Ca n't wait for him too see it ! He is a huge fan of the Michigan Wolverines . I know he will love it as much as I do . The gnome is adorable and will bring a big smile to my son-in-law ! He will appreciate the little guy giving him added support during his roaring cheers !!! A must have for a loyal fan !
 This was a gift for my sister at Christmas she started screaming when she saw it . She is a dye hard Michigan fan . She got it sitting in her living room in the window .
 Bought this edging 2 years ago and loved it so much I wanted to use it in other areas . Too my disappointment I was unable to find it in my local area again - imagine my surprise when I found it on Amazon . No other edging compares with the ease to install and clean neat look when finished . The only one unhappy about the purchase is my husband - with all the access to the edging , he is continually digging up the lawn so I can put in more flower areas !
 I love this stuff ! After installing it in our yard several years ago , its holding up much better than the black plastic edging that is widely available . It looks really nice when used with wood mulch . As advertised , it stays in the ground without heaving out in the winter . Finally , its a breeze to install because its very flexible .
 They 're brass . They stop off hoses or sprockets . How much more is there to say ? The quality on these things is great , you can feel the weight in them . You can tell they 're a high quality cast product and not just the stamped out sheet metal you 'd get at the big box .
 They are a great quality product . Looks like they will last a long time which is what I was hoping for . I have used other products from Gilmour and have been very pleased .
 I add more bulbs to my yard every year and every so often they need to be separated and replanted . So I need a sturdy strong , rustproof bulb planter every fall . In the spring I use a bulb planter for things like onions and garlic bulbs . Occasionally even for seed potato planting . Like the stainless steel trowel , this is a necessity in the yard . It always cleans up and is still low priced .
 This is the best product I have found for killing agressive yellow jackets . Anyone whos has been attaked by a swarm of these vermin will delight in seeing their dead bodies in tha bottom of the trap . The plastic trap holds up well to UV degading in the sun . Love it !!!!
 These little rakes are handy for clearing leaves from flower beds , around bushes , or any tight space . This particular model is sturdy , constructed from quality materials . I bought one several years ago and it has served me well .
 I had an old rake from which the outside prongs had disappeared . I used it to get in tight places that the full-size rake would n't . Someone broke the handle and said they would replace it with a new one , but I did n't want a new one . They took my old rake , and my other rake would n't fit in tight places . Someone told me about the Montessori small rake , and I ordered it from Amazon . It does what my old broken one did , and looks a lot better . Thank you .
 A blast from the past , but , it is quality and has a place in every garden
 I received this MG sign sooner than expected . I was thrilled since it was a Christmas gift for my husband . The quality of the sign is amazing . I have a very happy husband !
 I bought this for a gag gift and was very impressed with how professional the quality of the sign is . You would certainly think this is a REAL parking sign .
 Got this for an MG lover . Thought it was neat . Good quality metal .
 I was surprised at how nice the keychain looked for the cost . It was hard to find an American flag keychain in stores so was glad to find one online that looks so nice .
 I have one of these and find it a perfect compromise between utility , size , and storage needs for the car . Note that while the description says it extends for long reach , that 's still only about 3 feet . That 's just fine for taking along in your car for the occasional dig-out , but you 'll get tired of using really quickly if you are thinking of using it for your front walk!The push-button mechanism for the handle extension is easy to use , the blade and handle are strong , and the extension of the handle into the blade ensures long-life , unlike some models that are pinned into a short socket only . You want stainless steel , as in this shovel , when you are storing a shovel in your car - you do n't want it rusting in your trunk , staining everything it touches .
 If you park in the street or want to have all the winter gear in your trunk , this is a good choice . It takes little trunk space , but can move quite a bit of snow .
 I bought this shovel for my car and one for my nephew when he goes winter backpacking . I think it is indispensible although a little tough to manipulate the handle sometimes .
 I was expecting a half-baked POS , and I got something I think will last for a really long time.Handle is aluminum , has two sections , seems sturdy . Scoop is decent plastic , better than the cheap snow shovel I had been using . Collapses down to the size of the scoop , and extended it looks as it does in the pic . FYI , it is kinda short for a snow shovel , but that 's the point . It fits in your trunk v. well .
 I am so glad I purchased this shovel ! I live in an area that does not get much snow , so I wanted a shovel that did not take up much space in my trunk thinking that I probably would n't need it for maybe even a few years . Then came the Snowpocalypse of 2010 . This shovel was perfect . It was strong enough to manage as much snow as you can fit on it . Please check the size of the scoop before you purchase though . If you are looking for a big shovel , this is not it . However , I live in a condo building with a large parking lot . This shovel 's small size actually made it easier to dig out around my car and especially under it and around the wheels . There is no way I would have been able to dig around the wheels the way I did with a bigger shovel . `` Shovely '' will be a member of my family for a long time .
 Great car shovel ! Small but it still works great to shovel my car out of the not so deep snow .
 I purchased this shovel for my 3 year old son.Every time it snows I charge out of the house in just my skivvies with my metal reinforced monster shovel that weighs approximately 105 lbs . I toss the snow like a hulking yeti , launching 40 lbs of it into orbit with each sweep of the shovel . Unfortunately due to the size of my property , and despite my strapping muscularity , it often takes me over an hour to clear the snow . I also have to slow down for fear of putting my neighbors to shame . My exhibition of manliness often causes both husband and wife neighbor to become amorous at my form . While this does n't bother me , there are already enough kids running around the neighborhood from when I mow the lawn in the summers.While considering how to speed up the process , I noticed my son loafing in my family room . As I shoveled bare-chested he played with his blocks and picked his nose . Well no more ! I ran inside and immediately purchased the Penguin Collapsible shovel - it 's the perfect size for a child . Within a few days -LRB- and a few more feet of snow -RRB- the shovel arrived . `` It 's time to earn your keep Arnold Conan Gr33n4blu3 Jr ! '' I shoved some snow shoes on him and handed him the shovel . Then I tossed him outside for a few hours.I must say that once the screams and complaints died down , my son did an admirable job . Th Penguin Collapsible shovel allowed him to clear my entire driveway ! Sure it took him all day and he looked like a Smurf afterward , but you should see how he cornered the lot ! I was so proud . A few more weeks of training and he should be able to do the driveway in under an hour . Well , either that or freeze in place and make a nice lawn ornament.So parents , do n't sweat all day while your kids sit on their butts and play videogames . Make them earn their day off from school . Buy this shovel and get some labor out of them !
 This little shovel is great except for the fact that it broke just after two uses . The push-button that locks the collapsible handle in place broke and fell out . Now I ca n't really use it . I sent email to the seller to see if they 'll replace it.Update
 Use this shovel for backcountry snow camping . Great for building a snow cave . Three lengths
 I would say it is smaller than I expect , although I read the description before I buy . Anyway it should be enough for digging your car out of the snow . What I would like to mention is the build quality . It feels sturdy in hand , not like the big plastic snow shovel I used to borrow from the apt management .
 An ingenious design to collapse a good length handle into a small stow-able sized package . Overall seems sturdy enough , though I have not had to use it yet .
 bought it for my wife 's car , fits easily into the trunk , foldable and made of strong plastic , came in handy a few times this winter
 exactly what I was looking for
 I keep this as a second shovel , and leave it in my car in the winter time . It is not heavy at all , so that it does not eat much gas for my car ! It helped me many times when I came back from work with big snow day !
 I bought this for a Christmas gift for a friend . I was pleasantly surprised by the sturdy construction . The scoop is nice and thick , the handle not cheap looking . I was pleased with this and feel I got a good product for my money .
 This is a handy little shovel for quick dig outs of parking spaces , etc. . The handle is not long enough for any prolonged shoveling , but it seems well made , and the collapsible feature makes it compact enough to store in my car trunk without taking up too much space . Have only used it once so far , so I do n't know about the durability . I thought the shovel itself was metal - one of the reviews implied that it was , so it remains to be seen how long it lasts .
 I ordered this shovel to replace another for my daughter . The previous one that hindged on the shaft and broke . This one arrived on time is is great for carrying in the carAmes True Temper 1518000 Penguin Collapsible Emergency Snow Shovel
 The product is great , and small . The reach is short . It 's around 3 feet in length . Make sure you bend your knees , and keep your back straight . Otherwise , you 'll blow your back out . I would n't try to shovel a lot of snow with this . That 's why I got 2 shovels . The passenger should be able to help me out , just in case .
 Because of the frequent snow storms we have had this winter , I thought it wise to purchase a small shovel that would fit easily in my trunk . Well , it 's a cute little shovel and certainly works in my car , but since I bought it , I 've had no reason to use it . Therefore , I consider it a terrific purchse -- it stopped the snow !
 This case is just what I needed . All the sound cards I was collecting I did not want to loose . This case has a lot of places to hold them all . It also keeps the BirdSong Identiflyer in a part that securely holds it .
 The description is off , this is just a case , but a pretty good one . I ca n't understand why the ca n't change the description.It actually holds 16 cards , the Identiflyer unit and a rear pouch for the ear phone and extra batteries . It has a window in the front to insert an identification or business card . It also has an adjustable carrying strap . It seems well made and should last a long time . The only reason I knocked one star off was that some of the card slots are really tight , making it difficult to get some of the cards in but at least nothing should fall out.I recommend it to anyone that has a collection of Identiflyer cards .
 I bought my family one of these years ago & we have enjoyed it so much that I have started buying them as gifts for others . Everyone we have given them to us over-joyed with it as well.It is fun , educational & great conversational subject . Love it !
 This case not only protects the bird identiflyer but also serves as a holder for the various cards available for the product . It is well worth the money and of good quality .
 Seems to be well made and a slightly better design than older models built for Identiflyer . With this case you do n't have to worry about losing cards ; because instead of just a flap , the case is totally enclosed . It has one sleeve externally for an extra card or two ; and several compartments for other possibles inside . Internal pockets sized for just about anything you could imagine taking on the trail with you.The carrying strap is beefier now , and has nice load bearing clips and rings ; the strap being wider and subsequently more comfortable to carry and take wear and tear . All and all just a really good accouterment for the Identiflyer and accessories . Might as well be sold as a kit , as far as I 'm concerned.I got mine from Natures Room so everything would ship from the same place - they were very good at answering their chat window for any follow up or other support questions . Seems like a good Amazon merchant too ! I hope others have as pleasant as experience as I.
 This little hoe is perfect for the small garden . It 's handy , effective and easy to use in tight places . I 've had the full sized hula-ho since they were invented and still prefer it over other styles , but now I have added a small raised vegetable garden and have taken up the ` square foot gardening ' method , which packs plants into small squares and makes garden maintenance a much simpler process . This small hand-tool sized hula-ho is perfect for weeding and turning the soil before replanting in this limited space . In fact , this and a trowel are the only tools I need for maintenance throughout the season . This is a great little tool.Square Foot Gardening
 I have a bad back and a rather large garden . I wanted a tool that would make it easier for me to weed and maintain my garden and this little `` Mini - HulaHo '' was just the perfect choice . I can use it in either hand and it makes it possible for me to do my gardening sitting down on a stool or on the ground . The price was perfect as well . They shipped it out to me right away and it arrived in just a matter of a couple of days.This device has been the answer to many of my gardening problems .
 I was so surprised how easy it is to clean up weeds . Sure it is better to pull the weed at the root ; however , with a bad back and limited time ... I do n't have 3 hours to spare . This and the full size makes clean up a snap -- what took 3 hours of pulling was reduced to 15 minutes and NO BACK PAIN ! Now I enjoy the quick clean up because I know it will be quick and painless . Hey ... you do n't get extra points for pain and suffering -- get this and the larger version for standing position too !
 Wonderful tool ! I especially like it for the flower beds and weeding around established plants . The size is great for getting weeds close to plants but not disrupting the plant and roots . The size and balance are also great for younger children to feel like they can help but not wield a long pole around .
 This is SUCH a great tool . I love to use it . It is great for weeding when the roots are n't super deep yet . Saves a lot of time . I got one with a short handle like this , and one with a full-length handle so I can have one whether I want to squat or stand . Thumbs up !
 Great for the gardener who likes to kneel when weeding.It is always in my garden tool kit .
 perfect size for those places that are very hard to get to , I have a normal size but wo n't work on tight spaces . . thanks amazon . .
 Hi everybody , I think the hula ho works great ! It 's really the best thing out there for tough weeds , especially for areas where you need to watch out for other plants you do n't want to damage ! I actually came across it because I was at the hardware store and the guy said that lots of landscapers buy it ! You would n't think it works , but it 's the easiest I 've found out there.-Happy Hula Ho customer
 Flexrake 500W Mini Hula-Hoe WeederThis tool is used each time I work in the garden . Roll the cultivator over your weeds for easy removal . Moss is also easily removed with a quick roll over . Soil can also be loosened and levelled . Received prompt delivery of the hoe . Perfect size!Cathy
 This mini Hula-Ho works just like it 's big brother after sharpening the underside of the cutting edge . It is handy for weeding in tight areas while weeding on your knees . The only drawback is it is quite a bit lighter than the full size Hula-Ho . That means you must compensate with muscle effort to get under the surface of soil any denser than potting soil . I like this product but I only give it light use in tight areas where my full size scuffle hoe is not practical . This is only an ancillary weeding tool in my opinion .
 Works great for the hard to get to weeds -LRB- which are always near the plant stem -RRB- . I use the regular sized one first , then final touch with the mini one .
 I use this rake/hoe almost exclusively now in my garden . I have raised beds with a variety of veggies . This hoe works wonderfully to dig up weeds and loosen up the soil without damaging my veggie plants .
 This is a great tool for close weeding . It cuts weeds quickly and easily below the soil line . Great in my flowerbeds and for weeding my onions . Glad I bought this .
 A handy tool for scraping away weeds just like its full-size version . This small one makes it easy to work around plants in the garden . I have a community garden and can keep this in my car and carry it around easily .
 The perfect tool for my raised garden . My hubby uses the the big Hula-Ho in the back to handle the weeds and I use the hand one for my raised garden to keep the veggies in order .
 Not everyone can bend over low enough to use it . The handle needs to be longer or , better yet , come with a detachable extension . I am using a piece of 1 ' PVC pipe with a 45 degree elbow on it . As far as working as designed , it sure does and gets between row plants very well . It is well worth the money . The blade could be sharper and sharpened all the way up an inch or so around the curve . That can be done with a rat-tailed file . Now if Flexrake will make a claw with 6 quarter-inch times a quarter of an inch apart even established crab grass would be history .
 This item was recieved quickly and was as represented . It is great for getting between plants
 This hoe is so very cute - a perfect miniature flex hoe . And it 's so small and CUTE ! Love it .
 This is one of those tools that I am constantly using -- fabulous in small spaces when I 'm on my knees weeding and cleaning up between plants . I 'm so glad I bought it .
 I have had the largerHula-Ho for years that one uses from a standing position . It is great if one stays ahead of weeding and remains sure that they are not planting more weeds than they are destroying . This little tool is great where one wants to get closer to the work or clearance does n't exist between good plants and weeds . Like its larger sibling it turns the weeds to the top of the dirt where they can be picked out and thrown away rather than replanting them seeds and all . Its much faster and reliable for this down-and-dirty work than alternative tools . I could n't be more pleased with how it performs - much better than I even hoped ! Its handle is still strong enough and large enough to pull or push it through the dirt from a seated position .
 This tool allows you to remove weeds with out disturbing the soil to a great degree . I use 2 of them in my yard and as a volunteer at our local parks .
 If it was n't for this tool , I would still be pulling weeds in my flower garden.With all the rain we had - the weeds were abundant . This tool made the weeding so much easier and so much faster . I did n't know this tool existed until I saw it on Amazon . EXTREMELY glad I purchased it .
 Ever since I purchased my gnome , my life has not only been happier - it has been more fulfilling . Now whenever I go to new locales , I can bring my gnome with me and take pictures of his travels . He even has his own blog now !
 This will look much nicer than the Gamecock gnome my cousins bring to our family rivalry party every year . Go Tigers !
 I like this guy , now to get the FSU one to stand next to him for our little in home/gnome rivalry .
 Great looking and great quality !! Bought as a Christmas gift for my brother and the UNC cheerleader gnome for his wife !! They will love them !!
 This is the 3rd one I have purchased -LRB- literally wore out one -RRB- and they are simply the finest pruning saws I have ever used . Cuts fast , clean and requires less energy and power when you learn to cut on the pull stroke rather than push .
 We have had this about two months now and are pretty satisfied with it as opposed to the Weber grill cover we were contemplating buying . It was vinyl , this is double stitched cloth/canvas with a vinyl lining . Looks real sharp . Our only complaint is that we were advised by Two Dogs -LRB- reminds me of an old joke ... -RRB- to get the 53 '' long model for our Weber Spirit but it is several inches too long and drags on the ground . Eventually , it got caught in the cart 's wheels and was accidentally torn by a laborer who moved it to work on our patio . We replaced it with a 53 '' regular and the fit was perfect -LRB- 5-6 '' off the ground -RRB- although the price was around $ 20 more , for whatever reason . Oh , the color choices are a bonus !
 I bought this grill cover for the new grill I bought from Lowe 's . After checking the measurements on the new propane grill it was time to shop online for a durable grill cover since Home Depot and Lowe 's had cheap material covers at the stores for a hefty price.This cover was easy to go over the grill and with wth front and rear velcro straps it fit tight around the grill bottom for those high wind days of Winter in Northeast N.Y.
 December 28 , 2010 - It fits perfectly . My grill is exactly 53 inches -LRB- measured at side burner/wing -RRB- , by 26 -LRB- at fattest depth -RRB- , by 45 inches tall . It is a $ 200 Kenmore 4-burner gas grill with additional side burner on left , and shelf on right -LRB- Sears Item # 07116128000 | Model # 464220110 -RRB- . October 5 , 2012 - I still like the cover , but it is no longer `` chocolate '' especially on top . Most of the fading was in the first season . I like the color better than black either way , but next time , I 'll get something lighter to start with , then at least it would look more uniform when it fades . Still in great shape , it is durable canvas , and I expect a few more seasons out of it .
 I bought this on sale thru Amazon for $ 23.00 . This cover appears to be made of extremely high qulity materials and is very roomy . The velcro tabs at the bottom on the sides is very useul to cinch the cover tighter against the grill for added protection . I have received a huge number of comments on the cover - some good and others not so much - but I LOVE that the cover has a presence and is not the typical boring black or beige so no matter what people say , I could n't be happier !!
 it arrived on time and fit perfectly . it is wonderful for the flamingo lover !
 I bought this cover to fit my slightly odd-sized barbeque grill , and it fits perfectly and is made of very heavy vinyl . There are also convenient velcro straps near the bottom of the cover that ensures an even better custom fit . The color is nice and blends in to my dark red brick house .
 This is my second item from this vendor ; first lasted 5 yrs outdoors in a corrosive seacoast environment . This one looks even better made and slightly roomier than the first . Smart looking , tough , sized as advertised and very fair price . I would recommend to anyone .
 I have tried a few grill covers and this one stands out as the best so far . It does a great job with a nice colored layer on the outside and a rubber waterproof layer inside .
 Finally , I found an attractive BBQ Cover at a good price . It 's such a nice change from the usual dull black that is so commonly sold . This Two Dogs cover is a nice rich brown that , after over two months in the Southern California sun , has not faded at all.Well made with Velcro tabs on the bottom to keep the wind from blowing it off .
 Good quality grill cover-definitely made of a sturdy material , love the fact that it covers the grill completely . However , I 've had the cover for approximately 8-9 months now , and it 's starting to fade a bit ; considering the description says it has an `` exclusive color infusion process that prevents fading '' , I was somewhat surprised . Nonetheless , I 'm not too concern , my goal was to protect the grill from rain , dust , etc. , and it 's doing its job.Two Dogs Designs 72-Inch Extra-Long Grill Cover , Chocolate Brown
 I bought a HUGE BBQ & needed a ` huge ' cover . This one is it ! Great design to fit perfectly so easy to get on & off . -LRB- Before I would let my poor ` ol BBQ just sit in the weather cuz it was such a hassle to put the cover on . -RRB- Very heavy canvas material , & so far no issues with color fading like I read in other reviews . I love it & recommend it highly !!
 Perfect for our grill ! Slips on and off with great ease and secures nicely with velco straps . Looks good too !
 Very happy with this purchase . The cover is very well made of strong canvas . The fit is perfect and , best of all ... It 's not just the typical ugly black !
 I think it 's made of a good material and does the job very well . It 's a good buy for the price .
 This is the best grill cover I have seen . It is heavy duty and has a fabric look . Very impressed by how easy it is to put on . We have had it a few months and if it is as tough as it seems to be I certainly would buy it again . Little pricey but worth it .
 Beautiful , adds really great color to the deck . We wanted waterproof , not flimsy black plastic , and this cover is not only waterproof , but really great looking , and fits great .
 As I could n't find a good quality grill cover at the local stores I began searching the internet -- and how cool is this sunflower grill cover ??? It is great quality and great looking on the patio -- I ca n't wait to see what else this company offers -- love it !!!!!!!!!!!!
 We had such a hard time finding a cover for our large grill . This cover not only fit , it is also very nicely made . Even better than the original cover that came with the grill !
 I loved the cover . Looks great and is made very durable . This was the only one I could find in the size I needed and the only place I could find it .
 This is a great grill cover . It 's a great fit for an over sized BBQ . It 's really well made and looks good on the patio .
 Got this in the usual 2 days via my Amazon Prime account . I had been searching for a sturdy well-made grill cover for my 48 '' permanent post-mount gas grill . This fit the bill extremely well . It is made of a very heavy lined material . There are long and wide Velcro straps that allow me to wrap around the post . The only thing for me is to see how fade resistant it is going to be .
 The quality of the fabric is as described , and the print is pretty.The only problem is that they used single stitching , so quite a bit of water will get through . Since I sew , I 'm going to add another row of stitching to make the seams more waterproof . My old grill cover used two rows of stiching , and that seemed to keep the grill dry.Overall , it was more important to me to have a pretty cover , instead of a big black eye sore on my deck , so the extra work is worth it .
 Great grill cover - it was even better than I thought it would be ... roomy , bright , sturdy , fun !
 Super fast delivery ! Item exactly as described ! If you love chili peppers this item is a must ! Thanks !
 Shark saws are pull saws , instead of cutting on the push stroke , they cut when you pull . No downward pressure is necessary , indeed these tools love green wood and move through it with ease . I have owned this saw for more than ten years and use it frequently . It is worth the investment !
 This item is much better than my existing lopper . It is very sharp , a little longer and makes each job much easier . It was definetly a good investment .
 If you are looking for a lightweight trimmer this is the one . It is a good length and it is one of the handiest garden tools I have . Highly recommend .
 A bought one of these saws and a replacement blade some 20 years ago at B&Q . I used it to cut down many `` large '' trees and for pruning . Eventually they wore out . I could n't find a spare blade in the UK and carriage from abroad was madness , ie 50 for a 15 blade . I went for the `` best '' in the UK , a Wilkinson . This was adequate but no match . Luckily I tried again on-line , to find I could now purchase from the USA with a carriage charge of just a few pounds . It arrived within two days . Service and product brilliant . I recommend anybody to get the Shark Corporation saw . I have a chainsaw as well , it wo n't see the light of day now that I have renewed my saw .
 There is a difference between tree saws . I 've used three of these . They are very sharp and very hard and zip through wet wood . For a three inch branch , I would rather cut with this blade than a chain saw . Very good product !
 The saw blade I purchased from Amazon was easy to replace ; it fit well and performed as expected . I will try not to neglect this blade as I did the one it replaced .
 I bought 2 sizes of this saw 10 years ago while living in the mountains of Colorado . The pull-type saw is very efficient , especially when trimming up the hundreds of Ponderosa pine trees we had on our property . I finally replaced both blades after I knocked out some of the teeth . I have never owned a hand saw that cut this easily .
 I used the hedge trimmers on substantial growth on hillside of my front lawn . They are sturdy , have a sharp cutting edge and easy to manipulate .
 These are the finest ornamental and topairy shearsthat I have ever found ! They are well balanced and veryversitile when used in tight spaces and for work requiringdetail and accuracy .
 I do all the trimming around our Florida home and do not have a lot of upper arm strength . I must say this is the easiest trimmer I have ever used . Very sharp and trims with hardly any effort .
 Began using this shortly after its arrival . Blades very sharp , nice balance overall , lighter overall weight helps prevent fatigue .
 These are great - light-weight and sharp . I was a little disappointed that they would n't cut through a thick branch but they 're not supposed to be heavy duty .
 Well made , effective , very sharp and seems to be very good quality . I 'm glad I bought this since there 's a lot of places where my trimmer ca n't reach and also gets growths the trimmer never could cut .
 This is the best hand trimmer I have ever used . I have numerous flax plants that nothing will trim but this hedge trimmer does it with ease . They have stayed sharp for the few years I have owned them.I highly recommend them for trim jobs that hand trimmers and the standard hardware store hedge trimmer ca n't handle . For me this has been the wide blade plants like flax .
 This is a great tool for trimming hedges , shrubs or whatever . The handles give you distance so you can trim areas that are otherwise inconvenient . Sharp , precise cuts make pruning fun ... almost .
 Now this is a sprayer that Tim the toolman would love . Three woofs.Brass pump and tank feed rod , spray trigger is also brass and not a cheesy spring action like those plastic ones , coated metal tank , long spray extension , two brass nozzles , .5 and 1 gal/min . I purchased this sprayer to apply -LRB- a second coat of -RRB- BP Pro Wet Look sealer -LRB- Xylene based -RRB- recommended for Cambridge pavers after the first coat destroyed another sprayer , all the seals failed and the hose blew three times before I finished that first coat . This sprayer never hesitated or hiccuped at all during the whole sealing application . Application was a breeze , included a tank refill and I used Xylene solvent cleanup followed by water washout and it looked like new.An excellent sprayer that should last a lifetime .
 If you are a contractor and are condsidering purchasing either the basic chapin 19049 or the xtreme version , there should be little hesitation for purchasing the xtreme . I have used both of these sprayers for a few years now , and found the xtreme is the only one to purchase solely because of the hose . What I have found , is that the typical solvent based sealers will soon render the basic model 's hose hard as a rock . This makes handling , storage of the sprayer a pain in the butt . I recently bought a basic model and have had a mineral spirit based sealer in it . . a siloxane product ... and the hose is already hard as a rock !!! That hose is a JOKE !!!! and should n't even be offered ... The xtreme hose is alot better in that it doesnt ' get hard and remains flexible , although it too has a weakness . If you leave your solvent based sealer in it , like I do , the hose actually softens , usually at the fitting closest to the tank and can rupture . With that being said , it is still far superior to the original . Have a good day .
 This sprayer is MADE IN THE USA for those that are motivated by just that . But 's it 's all brass where it matters and perfect for high solid solvent based things like paver sealers with solvents like xylene or toluene . It 's very well made and will function as a sprayer for just about anything . I spray my peach trees with it . Paver-Renu sealer on my paver patio is what I origionally bought it for . It has many uses . I expect it 'll last me a life time ...
 Just used it to apply degreaser to 5,000 sqft concrete -- AN OUTSTANDING PRODUCT ! I was blown away by the quality as soon as I took it out of the box . Construction is beautiful . Viton brass nozzles -LRB- 1 GPM and 1/2 GPM -RRB- ; long brass wand ; brass trigger ; brass barrel tube -LRB- for the pump -RRB- and corrosive-resistant interior . Durable steel tank and heavy-duty paint job.PERFORMANCE : - Super strong pump handle and spin-lock collar . Unlike other designs , this allows you to pump without accidentally unlocking the whole pump cylinder . Simple but brilliant.-3 .5 gallons is perfect for spraying most areas . It does n't weigh a ton , but you still get enough volume to avoid frequent refills . My whole job took exactly three canisters -LRB- 50 minutes -RRB- . Filled weight is 40 lbs ; 10 lbs empty.-Large mouth with flanges lets you fill quickly . If you need to dilute , there are measuring grooves inside and out of the canister for easy measuring . No straining your eyes with those useless `` see thru '' gauges.-Excellent spray consistency for an unregulated sprayer . After the initial fill and pump , I only had to re-pump once.-Nice spray pattern , owing to the quality brass nozzles . What a difference over plastic ! - Made in `` America ? '' Whoever these people are , they build nice stuff . Do n't bother looking for this at bLowes 's or Home Despot.-Minor complaint
 This product works beautifully . I used it to spray patterned/stamped concrete patio about 700 square feet and it took me about 30 minutes including one refill . The entire process was a lot easier than originally thought . The spray was even and effortless . The sprayer is well made . The plastic holder to hold the sprayer wand is a bit flimsy.I had difficulty getting the sprayer pump to close and lock properly . That was not an issue with the sprayer but the instructions in the user manual . The user manual had instructions on how to close and lock the pump , but no explanation on the possible causes and steps to get it close and lock properly if it ran in to issues . I wasted an hour or so trying to fix the problem . I finally gave up and was almost ready to ship the unit back as being defective . The next day , I took it to a rental store renting the similar unit and the technician got it working within 30 seconds . The manual should include Frequently Asked Questions section and include this common issue.Another item to expand in the user manual is about cleaning the sprayer . The manual says to clean with water only . However , the rental store told me that you can use xylene or paint thinner or water depending on the solvent in the spray material you are using . I have not confirmed this with the manufacturer . However , the manufacturer can include better description about cleaning fluid and explicitly include/exclue other cleaning fluids.Since this is late in the season , I will try the sprayer on other spray applications next season and see how versatile this sprayer is . However , it worked beautifully for the main application I bought this sprayer for .
 The previous reviewers have said it all better than we could . This is a professional quality sprayer that is good for all types of liquids and chemicals.Thank Heaven it will be the LAST sprayer we buy : -RRB-
 Top notch Product ! Many projects a homeowner -LRB- even commercial -RRB- may face to do the job right , and all the time it takes to prep the job , it 's always great to have the tools that perform flawless and without taking extra time to fuss or tinker with your tools as you do the job . I have used mine many times to seal and preserve concrete , cinder block , brick and a stamped patio with a variety of chemical products and solvents and each time it performed flawlessly . I have also used it on my 3 acre property to apply various pesticides and herbicides . If used proper and maintained and kept clean as the instructions say I can see how it may or will last you lifetime ! All the sprayers I 've purchased in the past I could have bought at least 3 of these ! I highly recommend this sprayer ... !!!!!!!!
 The first words out of my mouth when I opened the box . What a GREAT piece of equipment . Incredibly well-made - solid , sturdy , and probably the very last sprayer I will ever have to buy . Know the solid `` thunk '' you hear when closing the door of a Mercedes , Volvo , or BMW ? That 's the same quality feel this product has - and no other word to describe it but ` solid ' . Sturdy tank , solid brass nozzles , brass pump mechanism , a nice long curved brass sprayer wand and both the hand valve and hose are top-notch . It 's also long enough that you 're not hampered in spraying by the distance between the tank and the spray wand like so many cheaper sprayers . The only thing this sprayer needs is a shoulder strap . This sprayer is heavy - but it 's all metal . Expecting it to weigh close to 30lbs when filled , but it 's not cheap tin . I 'm amazed that a product is still this well-made - the quality of this unit reminds me of those in my neighbor 's toolshed growing up in the 1960s . I 'll test it out on Saturday , but I seriously doubt I 'll have any problems with it . Already ordered a couple of additional nozzles and an extra spray wand for it just so I 'll have them around for various things . Saturday is solvent-spraying day - I 'm almost like a kid at Christmas with a new bike - ca n't wait for a warm , sunny day to ride it!Don ' t think you can go wrong with this unit based on what I 've seen in the first ten minutes of ownership !
 I have never used a canister sprayer before and I needed one to spray my weed killer . I decided to buy one that look like it would last for a while and had good reviews . So you might think that I went overboard with buying something like this to spray weeds . The sprayer came in a box with all the included accessories -LRB- brass 0.5 gpm nozzle and 1.0 gpm nozzle , the brass wand , hose , and plastic holder -RRB- . I did n't see an instruction booklet so I decided to learn on the go -LRB- maybe the instructions were written on the box ? I do n't know since the box is trashed -RRB- . It was easy to use but since it was my first time , I had a bit of difficulty -LRB- had to turn completely counterclockwise to unlock and so that it fits in the proper lock setting -RRB- . The spray is very even except towards the end when you are running out of the mixture as it starts making a burst of mist rather than an even linear spray . The handle on top is how you create the pressure to spray out the mixture -LRB- unlock the handle and pull it up and push it back down repeatedly until you feel a good amount of resistance then lock it -RRB- . I usually spray everything in the canister out and then keep it spraying to de-pressurize the tank before I unlock the top . I did n't have any problems but the product and it looks like it should last me for a very long time . I should mention , when I looked through accessories , I had thought they forget to include the 0.5 gpm nozzle -LRB- it was attached to the wand -RRB- and called them . They gave me two new 0.5 gpm nozzles in the mail within two days . That is customer service -LRB- even though it was my fault for not looking carefully -RRB- ! That is a company I would do business with again .
 This thing is a beast . It is very well built , extremely durable , easy to use . This is night and day difference between anything at Home Depot or Lowes . My only warning - it is heavy , especially full -LRB- around 27-30 pounds depending on what you put in it -RRB- . This is not a problem for me , but something to consider if you are a small person or intend to use this for many hours .
 Was shocked and please at how affordable the price for this filter system was versus local retailers pricing - I saved as much as $ 170 including delivery cost . The filter showed up as scheduled in perfect shape . Installed and running within 45 minutes of arrival . The filter works excellently and my pool has never been cleaner !
 Although we had some problems with UPS the support at The Backyard Superstore of Florida is outrageous . I have never had a seller on any web site ever give me the service and support that this vendor does . If I did n't know better I would think we were related . They so far have treated me like family and gone out of their way to make things right even though it was UPS that caused the slight problem . I will buy everything I need from them . I RECOMMEND THEM AS A FIRST CHOICE IN POOL SUPPLIES . I have used others with fancy catalogs and all kinds of discount flyers and you get what you pay for . Now when that pool supply catalog comes in the mail I look for what I need than see if The Backyard Superstore of Florida sells it to buy it . The service is worth the .99 cents more . Do n't be fooled by the fancy catalog or name service is what counts and The Backyard Superstore of Florida gives it .
 This was purchased as a replacement for and existing filter of the same type and size . This is a very good DE pool filter . Very easy to clean and does a great job .
 This a great quality filter and is very simple to maintain . It has one annoying flaw though . It has a flapper inside to prevent the DE from going back to the pump with it is off . The flapper rattles loud enough to be annoying . I removed the metal weight on the flapper and it is silent now . A minor amount of DE does flow back when bumping the filter , but not an issue though .
 The pump is awesome ! A big improvement over the last perplex I had . I use it in a built in pool and it works beautifully .
 This unit is outstanding for filtering . upon arrival I unpackaged the unit , checked all the plumbing fittings and those that came with Teflon tape on the threads needed tightening as they were just hand tight . I lubed the oring joints and reassembled them . I also installed the supplied shutoff valve in the Filter output port and added one to the input to the pump . Having 2 valves installed allows one to seal the filter and pump after use and move to storage . It is then always primed and ready for use . I am using this with a very large SPA and do not want a permanent install.I purchased the unit because after 2 years uing the SPA cartridge filter and replacing it every 6 months and changing the water that it would become slightly cloudy after 3 mos . I double checked the chemicals but could not clear up the water.Hooking up the Hayward DE filter cleaned the pool in 1 hour flat and there are no leaks . I now use the filter once every 2 weeks and the water is sparkling clear . This unit works better than any sand or cartridge filter that I have used . Its relatively quiet for a 1hp unit and is easily moved on a dolly that I placed it on.I highly recommend this unit for the toughest cleaning challenge you have !
 Used for one season . Kept pool water perfect . Would deffinetly buy again . The valve that came with it for draining the filter leaked bad . Had to put a plug in it . Other conections drip .
 I purchased a DE Filter , even though the pool guys stated it would be too much maintenance ! I have to differ as i love that I can just bump the handle 3 times , once per week , and my water is supposedly more filtered vs sand ! However , my pump leaks where the lid tightens ! i tried applying more pool-approved O-ring silicone and I still have the same problem . It leaks primarily when the pump is off . i can push down on the lid to minimize the leakage , but it has drained my pool to the lowest point on my skimmer twice since my purchased this summer ! I do n't see anything grossly defective , maybe just a poor design ? I contacted the warranty dept at 1888hayward and they are sending me out a new o-ring and lid . I 'll update my review if it is just a defective lid.Update , I was sent a new O-ring right away . Fixed !
 I hope pumps Okay because it is dead winter but that 's why it was $ 100 cheaper . First box was damaged and returned . Nothing to do with Amazon but Hayward cheap carton for heavy pump going into UPS . Second carton was also broken and I hope nothing missing . I had last pump 10 yrs . and still working , so this is stand-by .
 Came extremely fast ... recieved it within 3 days from day of order and was just like the original one that i had that faded
 I replaced my breaking down Aquascapes Pro pump with the AquaSurge . What a HUGE difference in cost and flow of pump and water!For those of you who live in areas -LRB- like CA -RRB- that are charged by the type of electrical usage , known as tiers , this will drop you down one or two tiers . I was in tier 5 with this pump -LRB- I also have a hot tub on electric -RRB- , now I am well in the bottom of the tier 4 range . This pump is saving me approx . $ 130/month in electricity every month vs. my old Pro pump . That goes well above and beyond what they document as far as savings.Longer warranty , nice falls , low electricity cost . You will love it !
 Purchased this pump to replace an old Aquascape 3500 . Needed an adapter , but that was easy to find at a local pond supply store . The pump was a breeze to install , appears to be well-built and works great . Got a great price on amazon ... about $ 100 less than in the store .
 this item was purchased to replace the exact item that failed . three year warranty and it was three years and three months before it failed . it has lasted longer than most other pumps as this is the fourth pump in 9 years.p
 I bought this for my mother after having seen a bluebird in her backyard during a visit . This is a great little house constructed perfectly from the size and placement of the opening to the slight venting on the bottom and back . Of course I would expect nothing less from an Audubon Society bird house . The house comes complete with instructions on proper location and placement of the house . The instructions also warn how to protect the birds from predators and gives a little background information on their feeding and nesting habits . It could n't be much easier for a first-time birder . I brought it to her on March 23rd , and she put it up two days later . She was concerned that she had put it up too late in the season , but the very next day ... a nesting pair showed up and began to build ! She has called me almost daily to give me an update on their progress . I 'd definitely recommend this bird house for the price . You ca n't beat it ! And for greater success , I 'd recommend putting out mealy worms to draw them in .
 These houses are sturdy and attractive . I especially like the easy-to-open front door to clean it out or monitor the nests .
 I wondered what was different about this one vs. the ones at Lowe 's or WalMart , so I bought both to compare . This one from Amazon/Woodlink is made of 3/4 '' cedar . The one from the box stores is only 1/2 '' cedar . This one uses long , strong construction screws to hold it together . The one from the box stores only uses narrow staples . I will give credit to the model from the box stores for being made of smooth , red cedar -- the color of a typical cedar chest . This one was more rough , unfinished , white cedar . The only reason I did not give this 5 stars was because the roof was cracked and a piece fell off . I chose not to return it because I was able to glue the piece back on by myself .
 Nice bird house . It is holding up well in it 's second season and has attracted mostly sparrows in my area . I would recommend it .
 Two of these replace decades-old home-made birdhouses that were simply falling apart from too much ice freezing and expansion , finally beyond help from twine and bailing wire.These seem well if rudely made , held together with screws -LRB- # 2 phillips head , get a new screwdriver if you do n't drill holes in the pole you mount it on -RRB- that look like they 'll resist ice destruction.I 'm sure Bluebirds would love them , though we get only house sparrows , perhaps against the spirit of bluebirdism but we like them . There 's always a house sparrow housing shortage . You instantly get as many families as you put up houses . In return you get year-round bird sounds.The houses look much better than what they replaced .
 Purchased this product the first time in May 2011 . The blue Birds loved them -LRB- purchased two -RRB- they had babies in both . This year , two more pair came back , so I purchased two more . Theytook to them right away . Looks like I may be purchasing more next seasonThey seem to be perfect in every way.Very satisfied with my Amazon purchases
 This was a gift for my wife , she had me hang it after we got it -LRB- extremely easy -RRB- , and it 's hung out throughout almost two years of new england weather without any issues .
 I have been using this same nestbox for almost thirteen years now . It is affixed to a wooden post in the frontyard area -- which is not as wooded as the woodlot in the backyard . This nestbox is popular and has been nested in innumerable times by various kinds of birds . The birds that have inhabited it are House Wrens , Eastern Bluebirds , and Chickadees -LRB- probably Carolina Chickadees -RRB- . Also , there is a possibility that Downy Woodpeckers roost in it during the winter for protection from the cold . When it comes to the nestbox 's construction , the door is held in place by a metal holder ; also , I have a metal protector attached to the entrance hole in order to keep squirrels and other creatures from chewing and enlarging it -- I bought this component separately . The nestbox is not difficult to clean out once the birds have left , and it has a nice look , also . I do not remember even one year that a nesting pair has not used this nestbox . This is an excellent , durable nestbox , and I recommend it .
 Very well made for this price . Materials used are perfect and they easily opened for cleaning after nesting season . They are attractive on the trees where I put them and I 'm now in the process of ordering two more ... and or course the Birds love them too ! The Label in the picture is just stapled on for easy removel . I like that as so many labels are nearly imppossible to get off and detract from the appearance . Someone was thinking about the customer this time .
 I usually build my own bluebird houses , but time is at a premium lately , so I could n't make them . I purchased two of these based on other user reviews . I was n't disappointed . The houses arrived in a prompt manner and are well-built with a ventilation slit at the top of house . House opens at the front for both easy cleaning and viewing . I put them up just a few weeks ago , late in the season , so I do n't anticipate seeing any visitors , but anything is possible . Just a couple of months ago , two pairs of blue birds set up housekeeping in our Purple Martin house , so , again , anything is possible.I plan on buying two more , as I want to set up a bluebird trail in the future . The price was more than I wanted to pay , but a lot less than some others up for sale .
 Very nicely constructed from cedar , latches for easy clean out - and MADE IN AMERICA ! I definitely recommend if you are looking for a bluebird house .
 I am very impressed with the quality and fit of this house . The house came with mounting screws and a very quick guide to bluebird house maint . The fit and the quality of the house is excellent .
 I will admit , Im new to birding . Only after ordering this house did I notice that it was for blue birds and not blue jays . I have seen blue jays around my new feeders but never blue birds . So when this little wooden box showed up I did n't think it was going to attract a type of bird that I had never even seen visit my yard before.As I am typing this now , less than 48 hours after putting it up ... I have a blue bird moving in.The little guy has stopped by at least 6 times today going in and out of it ... I was n't expecting much till spring , but this guys already planning ahead.Super easy to mount with pre-drilled holes -LRB- includes screws -RRB- ... Really surprised and really satisfied .
 We 've been visited by a flock of Bluebirds for the past several years . They hang around the house , probably eating unwanted bugs and stuff , and they are so curious , it 's almost like they recognize us . My wife and I decided to help with their propagation so we 're putting up several bluebird houses for them . Doing research , Bluebirds need some protection from other , more aggressive birds - we found out the size of the access hole is paramount in protecting the baby birds . The birdhouse appears very sound , there 's a few rough edges but the price is right . I will be waterproofing them shortly , then put them out sometime in February in preparation for the bird 's arrival . What joy it will be to see the birds raising their young !
 My husband painted it and mounted it on a metal pole , and we gave it to our daughter for Christmas . She has been wanting a bluebird house , and is very excited at the prospect of having them nest in her yard .
 easy to install . i added a perch with a wood dowel because there are no blue birds in the area and i want to attract other birds.that prefer a perch
 Was very pleased with the construction of this bluebird house . It is lightweight , yet , sturdy . Looking forward to the bluebirds finding their old , rotting houses have been upgraded .
 I read the other comments and think people have too much time on their hands . Its a bird house , a bird house .
 This turner has a nice serrated edge to cut and check your meat . It has a nice long handle to keep your hands away from the heat .
 We 've been through several grill spatulas , they never seem to last , probably because I detest hand washing grill junk off a spatula . I 've put this one through the dish washer , not sure if I 'm supposed to or not , but it 's holding up . Feels good in your hand , like most other oxo products .
 This has a heavy weight and long handle . Great product . Have not used it yet but it was exactly what I needed .
 This is a great BBQ turner . It is long , the handle is nice , and it is sturdy . What more could you want in a BBQ Turner ? We use it mostly for burgers .
 Love this . Works well nice design and excellent workmanship . The metal surface has drain holes which is a nice thought and also a aerated edge which I do n't fully understand but assume it is for cutting into meat ... and if so , I still do n't understand as why would anyone cut meat on the grill ?
 I am really enjoying this turner and their tongs . Sturdy , long enough to prevent burning yourself while grilling . They make such nice equipment for indoor and outdoors use . I 've tossed my other grilling utensils away .
 I 'd highly recommend . I bbq a lot , and love this . High quality and good size . I 'd highly recommend to anyone that spends some time on the grill . It was bigger than I expect , which is great .
 Works just like it looks . The width is narrow which may be a plus or minus depending on its use .
 The good features have been mentioned by other reviewers and I agree with all of those comments.I took one star due to the cutouts in the spatula blade . The only purpose I can think of for the holes is a reduction in the weight of the blade but I think the difference is far too slight to offset the trade-off of less convenient cleanup . The inside perimeter of the holes can hold stubborn bits of dried sauces and grease . I need a stiff brush and then closer inspection to be sure they are clean .
 Elegant and simple design with that awesome rubber handle that put OXO Good Grips on the `` grip map '' . I bought this to complete my Good Grips BBQ set . The only thing it lacks that some BBQ ` rs may miss is a bottle opener on the end of the handle . But that does n't bother me seeing as I do n't drink beer and it also gives the tool a cleaner design . If the dog does n't get ahold of it , it will last a lifetime !
 Perfect length handle wth a good grip . The serrated edge is nice to cut into things . Another great product by OXO .
 Oxo makes a good product . These are long enough for flipping burgers without burning your hands , and the rubberized handle provides a safe grip . The head itself is stainless steel and it has a good thickness and weight to it . This will last .
 This is a nice spatula . It is n't heavy , yet feels solid in your hand , like a good quality tool should . The rubber grip is non-slip , and its rounded profile means you can easily rotate it with your fingers when flipping burgers , as opposed to spatulas with a square-edged wooden handle . One of the side edges of the flat part is serrated so you can cut into meat if you need to , and the profile of the bottom edge is tapered to a fairly sharp edge , making it easy to get under something that might be stuck to the grill . While this spatula might be a little more expensive than some similar products , I feel its quality and useability is well worth it .
 Love the handle & the length of the flipper . It washes up easily , too .
 solidwell builteasy to cleanlong reachwhat more can I ask forgreat bbq spatula
 Great flipper . Has a very narrow front surface for getting under the food easily , and also a nice serrated edge if you want to cut open meat to test doneness . Cleans up nicely .
 I started buying OXO products years ago for my elderly mother . I found I really liked the handles and the quality of the product.Like all OXO product this spatula has a nice feel and is well made . I 'm sure it will last bbq season after season .
 I bought the Brinkmann electric smoker at Lowe 's for just over fifty dollars , and have been experimenting with lots of different kinds of meats . I wanted to do smoked ribs , but I knew the two racks would not hold very much , so I bought two sets of rib racks from CSP Outdoors for about ten dollars each . They worked very well . One big package of pork ribs from Sam 's Club , about 13 pounds , was about the most they can hold , and still allow air space between the sections . Best ribs I have had in a long time ! I think I can use this for other kinds of meat , too , to hold a lot more in the smoker than I can otherwise . Beware of the Weber rib racks , they are too big to fit in the Brinkmann smoker , which is smaller than the Weber smoker . It really does help to spray everything with cooking spray oil before you start , otherwise it 's a big job to get everything clean afterwards .
 I was very pleased with this purchase . It fits very nicely into my vertical Brinkmann propane smoker . It fits in a lot more ribs and the flavor was just as good . I was worried about there being too many ribs in the smoker , and that perhaps it would take longer , but they cooked up in the same amount of time and were delicious !
 I 've tried two other common rib racks -LRB- for both baby back and spare ribs -RRB- and this one excels . My experience has been that most racks place the ribs too close together and this creates two major problems
 My father loves to bbq and he lost a good pair of his tongs . I looked on line and found this one and he loves it . He said that they were well made and sturdy enough to pick up a big slab of ribs with out any problems .
 Tired of BBQ tongs that cant hold a steak ? Cant pickup a slice of eggplant ? Drop hot dogs ? Do away with that stress . These tongs are able to handle the weight of a large steak as well as manueverable enough to flip thin slices of veggies . The coated handle NEVER gets hot and the overall shape is long enough to reach deep into a grill without scorching your hands . An instant favorite at our house .
 well packed , still moist when it arrived . when you order a few plants -LRB- and hirt 's has a lot of cool ones -RRB- the shipping is very cheap considering the plants ship monday and usually arrive tuesday or wednesday . the `` ropes '' were healthy , shiny , and are happy in their new hanging basket .
 I received this plant yesterday and it is much larger then I expected . Very wet so I set it outside for several hours to dry out . If all else fails , I will repot it in a dryer soil . But I love it ! I have another one that is doing great . These plants are so easy to grow ! And they are beautiful !
 shipped on the 16 , arrived the 18th with a warmer in the package . Two 4 1/2 in plants packed very securely , arrived in great shape . This is second time I have ordered from Hirt 's Gardens and have been very happy with their plants . No bugs , very healthy . Not a leaf broken in shipping , great work on the part of their packers . Great quality plants . Better than 5 star
 I just wanted to tell you all that Hirts Garden has the best plants and seeds out there . I purchased a variegated Hindu rope plant from him this summer and its very beautiful and growing nicely . It came in a box with a hanging basket and when I took out the plant from the box it looked exactly how he had it in the picture very healthy and pretty . Also I just wanted to let you know that after a couple of months of having this pretty plant one of the Hindu ropes died on me , and I emailed customer service and told them my situation , they responded quickly and sent me a replacement for free , so what more perfect customer service can I ask for . They are great and prompt . Good Job Hirt 's Garden you 'll have me as a customer for life .
 Really healthy and beautiful . Rapid Shipping and at a reasonable price . I have had this particular plant before and was very successful at getting it to bloom . I had to give all my plants away when I moved . These grew wonderfully in Michigan and now I am giving it a shot in Florida . I will try and update my success with this in a much warmer climate .
 Very healthy looking plants . Arrived in great condition . I have used Hirts Gardens for many Ebay Transactions . They have always been excellent to deal with !
 Love my Hindu Plant it was packed well and a healthy plant It also came with a hanger which was really nice . . Love Love this company Will be a returning customer . A + + + + + +
 I received this plant as a Christmas gift last December . It was in fairly good shape despite being packed only in a box with some packing materiel and left for several hours on my mom 's doorstep in the middle of the cold Nebraska winter . I repotted the plant and it did n't to anything until about 3 weeks ago . I had put in a fertilizer spike about a month ago hoping to coax it into action . I am not sure if it was the fertilizer or a good dose of sun but it has been rapidly growing for several weeks now and looks beautiful . I ca n't wait to see if it will flower !!
 Hindu Rope Plant - Hoya carnosa compacta - 2 1/2 '' potThe plant is beautiful and represented well by the picture above . I love this plant . The plant is healthy and doing great . Good luck with yours !
 I got this plant for my mom , and she said it arrived in good shape . It shipped very quickly .
 This is a great plant if you like something that ILooks unusual and does n't require a lot of care .
 This plant came pretty much as described ... it looked very healthy and was a decent size . The ` ropes ' measured about 4-5 inches long . It was packaged very well and shipped in about 3 days .
 My mother had owned a rope plant one time and wanted to give me one for Christmas . We settled on this one because they were out of season from the local nurseries . The seller shipped so quickly that it was here before expected . The plant was packed with masking tape over the pot to keep the soil in place . Not one branch or leaf was broken . The plant is healthy and beautiful with three full , plump , twisty branches . It is absolutely gorgeous ! I highly recommend both the plant and this vendor to anyone who wants a healthy , beautiful plant .
 I had it for a while and it grew about an inch , but one day i accidentally watered it too much and then dropped it on the flor on accident as well , and that was the death of it > . < ! Gah ! But still a great plant for somewhere warm continuously !
 I received my hoya -LRB- Hindu Rope plant -RRB- just about 4 days after I placed the order . It 's beautiful and healthy . I have great hope that this one will live as long as the one I received as a gift back in 1981 that finally gave up the ghost and went to plant heaven just last month . Thank you Hirt 's Garden for the excellent plants you have shipped me and the excellent service and well packed plants . You are on my list of favorites for on line plant purchases .
 I love this plant ! I was so amazed by its size , I was only expecting a few very short vines , but we received five long vines , and an extraordinarily full plant . After reading previous reviews about mealybugs , I scrutinized every inch of the plant . There were n't any bugs to be seen . Thank you for a wonderful Hoya !
 Plant arrived very quickly , arrived in excellent condition and very healthy . Much attention was paid to packaging to ensure safe arrival . I was impressed , will use this vendor again , and highly recommend them.Hindu Rope Plant - Hoya carnosa compacta - 2 1/2 '' pot
 I bought this plant for my friend 's mom -LRB- who is like my second mom -RRB- for christmas and it arrived quite healthy . She called me yesterday -LRB- approx . 6 months after delivery -RRB- to tell me that she loves this plant , it is thriving and just bloomed for the first time , velvety pink flowers in bunches just like the picture ! I think it is well worth the money for such a beautiful plant , and it 's perfect hanging in a sunny window . I am going to buy another one for myself , I ca n't wait to get it !
 These hoyas are easy to grow , although a bit slow growing . They need bright light inside . -LRB- west window is best , but do n't cook it ! -RRB- They will bloom when root bound , so do n't be quick to repot . Fairly easy to root cuttings-in water or soil . Can be hung , but get pretty heavy after a few years.Always get amazed comments on my oldest one . It is almost thirty years old and enormous . It looks fake .
 I love this plant . It was in perfect condition when I got it yesterday . I ordered two plants and have repotted it to a larger pot . It looks good now . I hope I can keep it alive . I wonder if it will multiply in the pot?I have ordered seven different plants lately and love them all except for one . I love the service I recieved from Hills Gardens . I will order again . Wanda , Waskom Texas .
 I was very pleased with my purchase of Hoya `` rope plant '' . It arrived in 3 days , excellent packing , very healthy and lots larger than I pictured . I am truly pleased . Will buy another to make a hanging basket .
 The plant is very unique ! It is very pretty . It does seem to grow at a very slow pace but I am happy with it !
 The plant arrived in excellent condition . It is healthy and thriving . I would definately order from this seller again .
 This plant was packaged very well and is growing along just fine after about 2 months of having it !
 This barbecue basting brush was everthing that I expected . However I wish it did not shed so much . I love the rubber handle and how long it was . Dont have to worry about burning my arm anymore when grilling . If you dont mind some shedding from the brush on occasion . this is a good pick . Lets hope someone can make a sheddless brush in the near furture . . hint hint . . oxo.ITS HARD TO FIND A BRUSH THAT DOES NOT SHED !!
 This is a good brush , I think it is a bit overpriced though . I would have rather saved the money and got another brush . It 's good , but not worth this much .
 Simply Amazing ! My wife and I had been trying to sell our house for little over 5 months . NO offers , and only ~ 6-7 viewings . We were at our wits end , we were willing to try anything . SO ... after a little convincing we bought St. Joe and buried him upside down by the for sale sign . Within 2 weeks we had a solid offer on the house and closed yesterday . It worked!The only awkward thing was asking the buyer if she would n't mind mind us digging a hole in her front yard after the sale to unbury St. Joe . We told her the story , she laughed , and said `` Of course , I do n't want St. Joseph mad at me b/c you left him buried on his head in my front yard '' : -RRB-
 We placed the statue in the house and said the enclosed prayer daily . We were looking for a good tenant to rent our house . It took about a month and while we went through a few bad candidates we were fortunate to finally get a good one ... Thank you Saint Joseph
 For a small price , I got to try the legend of St. Joseph for selling my home . It did work . We had a previous buyer back out at the last minute , and no one was looking at the home . I got the kit , read the enclosed literature , and buried St. Joe as per the instructions . Got a new offer on the home in less than a week . You do have to believe that it works . Guess I 'm a believer .
 : : : : : sigh : : :
 I think St. Joesph helped . My girlfriends house was on the market for two years . She had many viewings but no offer 's . One couple really liked it , brought back parents who evidently did n't . I ordered St. Joesph for her last Wednesday . She had numerous price reductions , it 's a buyer 's market . Thursday there was a showing to a young couple , Saturdayto another young couple . The agent called and the first couple came back with parents on Sunday , and that night we received a offer that was negotiated.I have mixed feelings on the price , but Saint Joesph definitely had something to do with this and for that I pray and thank him.BTW , the statue arrived on Monday . Hope he stays with my girl friend through the process and everything goes smooth .
 Our house had been on the market for 98 days . I ordered the statue of St. Joseph at 7pm Monday night , burried in the front yard Tuesday at noon because with AMAZON PRIME it shipped that fast !!! Tuesday we had 2 amazing showings which resulted in 2 contracts being placed on our house and a bidding war the very next day ! Can not say enough about this product and amazon speed in shipping ... outstanding !
 I have used these for years with clients and they seem to love them . I 've purchased them at my Board Association for years but these are the same ones at the same price & I do n't have to make a trip to my local board store !
 well it has n't worked yet . . but i will keep faith , that house is gon na sell , it will , I tell ya
 When I bought the St. Joseph statue , my house had been on the market for 3 months without any offers . It was looking rather grim , so even though I was n't entirely convinced burying a Catholic saint in my front yard would do anything , I was still willing to give it a try . I buried it on Wednesday . By the following Wednesday we had an offer ! 1 week ! That 's all it took . Unbelievable . Maybe it 's just a coincidence , but in my case this little statue seems to have worked . I say , if you 're having trouble selling your house in this horrible economy , why not give it a try ? You really have nothing to lose.A note about the statue
 well I did what it said and my house sold in 20 days ! I am now getting another one for my new home .
 The St Joseph statue is n't overly large or small . It 's the perfect size to bury . I also enjoyed the prayer card that came with the statue.Our home sold within one week of burying the St. Joseph !
 Bought 2 of these for people trying to sell their houses . They thought it was hilarious , but buried St. Joe and both had contracts signed within 10 days . It works !! Every realtor should give one of these kits to every client selling a house .
 Our home was listed in the market July 2007 . We only had visitors stop by to see the place . In April 2008 , after eight months , we heard about St. Joseph 's through a friend . We immediately purchased it and burried it after a prayer in our back yard . To our amazement , we were offered a contract three weeks later and now our settlement is complete too . People say this is the worst real estate market in 40 years or so . But for one with faith , there is always someone out there who needs a home . Thank you St. Joseph 's . P.S. . We did all the right things that was advised on us to sell the home . New carpet , new paint inside out , removed half the clutter to storage , finished basement , new deck , staged the break fast area and deck , constantly adjusted our listed price to sell . But I think , there is something more than all smartness . One has to sincerely request a higher power for help . IT SHALL BE GIVEN .
 Make sure your priest blesses it before you use it . Also do some research . Some people feel that using a statue like this to sell your house is like using witchcraft . Maybe you should ask your priest what he thinks.Even if you do n't need to sell your house this is a very inexpensive way to get a St Joseph statue
 I do n't know why this works , but it does!We buried the little St Joseph upside down in the front of the house , and he got it sold pretty quick .
 Our house had been on the market for 8 months . We had very few people looking at the house . We decided to give St. Joseph a try . I buried St. Joseph statuette in the backyard , upsided-down , 2 feet from house , facing the house . I do n't know why I did it exactly that way . But , it worked ! Within two weeks we had a buyer for the house.Perhaps the statuette just brings out the faith in the sellers and the faith is what sells the house . Maybe you do n't even have to bury it . But we did as above and had a buyer in short order.Give it a try . What do you have to lose ?
 I had a friend use this to sell their home that had been on the market for a number of months . After a couple of weeks they accepted an offer . Trust in Saint Joseph !
 I am not one who believes in these types of things but a friend convinced me to give it a shot . We needed to sell a house relatively fast because we were moving out of state . Our house was on market 3 days and we accepted an offer @ asking price . I tend to think it was setting the price right , my friend believes old St Joe was at work . Regardless , &#60; $ 10 and a little faith never hurts .
 We tried to sell our house for 6 years and never had an offer . We buried this statue by the for sale sign and my wife said the prayer a few times . We had an offer in less that a month and two back up offers and 7 viewings . Say what you will we did change realtors this time but maybe there is something to this . We sold our house we never thought we would in this economy . We are truly blessed . Thanks to GOD and our realtor Michelle we can move on to the next step in our lives . By the way our house is pretty awesome and priced right we wanted to be fair not greedy that helped a lot as well .
 Yes it worked.In less than 24 hours after being on the market for 2 YEARS I had a contract on my house . Now for completion of the sale from good appraisal to closing . That is where the true believers need to hang on and pray daily through completion of the sale and beyond that does n't hurt either . `` St. Joseph knows families ... He brings family peace and love to each member '' .
 Having grown up Catholic , praying to the Saints for intercession has never seemed strange to me . So when we gifted this St. Joseph to our neighbors who had been trying to sell their house for months , I was a little surprised by their strange reaction to it . When we explained how St. Joseph works and told them that they had to BELIEVE that he will intercede on their behalf , I think they were just humoring us . But they buried him in their backyard and three days later sold their house after months on the market . I am a firm believer that St. Joseph helps out those who ask , and now , so are my -LRB- former -RRB- neighbors .
 House was on the market for 8 months without even 1 offer . Bought and buried Saint Joseph statue the day before and open house and I got an offer that night of the open house . Settlement is in 6 days . Ca n't wait to dig him up and thank him properly .
 My house has been on the market for 8 weeks . In those 8 weeks , we had 2 showings . I buried St. Joseph on Saturday . We have had a showing Monday , Tuesday , and Wednesday ! 3 showings in 3 days ! And we are expecting an offer tonight , and they want to close in 3 weeks !! I was n't sure about this ... but WOW ! I 'm impressed ! Thanks St. Joseph !!! -LRB- I did n't give it 5 because we do n't have the actual offer yet !! -RRB-
 Exactly what I ordered I buried them everywhere gave them as gifts and carry it around to help us sell our home and we did
 I am so amazed at how this really works ! I planted St.Joseph April 7th and we accepted an offer on May 8th ! Everyone I know that has used St.Joseph it has worked for them . So I thought I would give it a try and wait and see . Sure enough . Buy this if you want to sell your house !
 I 've sold three homes with this . One within 10 minutes of burying it . It may be coincidence , but I 'm a believer . Contemplating selling my current home , so I may be buying another one .
 My house went on the market late afternoon on Tuesday 2/28 . I ordered this statue on Thursday 3/1 . On Monday 3/5 one person had viewed the property . When I checked my mailbox on Tuesday 3/6 the statue had arrived . On Wednesday 3/7 afternoon I received a phone call from my realtor with the offer and we accepted it ! This was just crazy ! One week on the market with only one person viewing the property and we had our offer !!! Amazing !
 Let me start out by saying , I never write reviews , but in this case I had to . Our house was on the market since April 2011 and I bought this St. Joseph kit in February , thinking it does n't hurt to try . The VERY same day St. Joseph arrived , we had a showing . In less than a week , we had our first offer ... in Wisconsin ... in February . I am not a religious person , but I am thankful to St. Joseph for helping us sell our house !
 We had lots of showings in the first few weeks after our house listed , but no offers . After we offered on a new house , I got very worried about selling ours . I bought and buried the St. Joseph statue , and we got an offer a week later ! The buyer wanted in ASAP , so we closed a week after that ! I dug him up after the close , and he 's going to our new house with us where he gets a place of honor !
 Our house has n't sold yet , but I will try anything in this market . It was cheaper than the local store so we shall see .
 Bought St. Joseph statue , buried him upside down on a Wednesday , the following Thursday we got an offer on our home .
 I am a devout Catholic and appreciated this product especially because it did not get bogged down in some outrageous placement of this statue . The product asks the faithful to believe in the intercession of the Saint . We also did everything in our power to present the house ...
 House had been on the market for 7 months and got an offer within 1 week of this statue 's arrival .
 My mother bought me this statue as a joke when my home was on the market and things were moving really slow . 2 weeks after getting this statue , my house went into contract on his feast day in March . I could n't believe it ! Hopefully it will work for you .
 This was given as a fun Stocking Stuffer , but there is nothing funny about family member 's real estate that has languished on the market for 3 years . We will file St. Joseph under `` we 'll try anything at this point '' , and enjoy knowing that we are covering all the bases . It ca n't hurt so why not ?
 I 'm thankful to have put my trust in St. Joseph . My home sold in just under two weeks ! Although , I did do the preparation work up front .
 Our realtor purchased us a Saint Joseph statue back in January . We put it in our china cabinet . I said a prayer to him each day . We put the house on the market on the Monday after the superbowl and within 1 week received multiple offers , and were under contract a week after that with full asking price ! My tips are 1 do n't bury the Saint Joseph Statue - display it in your house 2 . Say a prayer to Saint Joseph 3 Declutter your house 4 always keep your home super clean and neat 5 do n't overprice your home . Be realistic with todays market . Good luck .
 The Authentic St. Joseph Home Sale Practice - PRTwo days after I put the statue in my front yard I received a contract on my home . With the real estate market at a low , I was so grateful . Several friends told me about it and I am now a believer .
 I purchased this for a friend who is trying to sell her house . Today was the third showing - could be her lucky day . You 've got to believe in something !
 My coworker told me about St Joseph helping you sell your house . No one had come to see my house for several weeks when I ordered St Joseph . I decided not to bury him but to place him in a place of honor in my house , like it says you should do after he works . I started praying and within that same week we had 6 showings and an offer . I had to take my house off the market because of my divorce but am praying to St Joseph that it will sell fast once I get the go-ahead to sell , and I have faith that it will.Update
 if you are having problems selling your house , just ask St. Joseph to help.after 5 months of no offers , i buried St. Joseph next to the For Sale sign and 2 weeks later we had 3 offers . it works , but remember to pray .
 House on market since July 1 , 2010 . No offers.St . Joseph arrived and placed in home to be sold on December 17th . Buy/sell agreement signed December 22nd . Closed on sale on January 7 , 2011 .
 My house was on the market for 5 months with no offers . My mother had been nagging me for months to bury St. Joseph . I finally purchased this kit and buried him -LRB- mainly to shut her up -RRB- . Well , what do you know , I had a signed agreement within 2 weeks !
 Though our house is on the market and I did not bury St. J -LRB- given the ground is freezing -RRB- he holds a lot of meaning to me . I had no idea about he was the guardian of the home . Once I read what was inside , it was amazing , the peace I feel every day praying to him to intercede not just for the sale of our home ... but random things that are n't related to homeselling.I think this was worth the money just for the educational factor . It remains to be seen if St. Joseph 's intercession will help us sell our house or not , but I can tell you that every morning I pray for my family , through him , for various things and believe me , it seems to help . Small miracles every day . That 's really the amazing and important thing .
 We buried St. Joseph near the real estate sign with his head pointing towards our front door . We had a signed contract within 2 weeks of putting our home on the market !
 I did not received it as fast as I hope I would and I did not realize it was so small in size
 We bought and buried a statue from this company about a month after we listed our house . It was another six months before we got an offer . But the power of the prayer that came with the statue was almost instantaneous . Driving back to our new house after burying the statue , I silently prayed the prayer of petition , inserting a plea for peace in our stressed-out family , and some peace of mind that everything would work out eventually . By the time we got home , my husband had stopped cursing at crazy drivers and we both started breathing easier . Through a depressing December of no showings and little hope , I prayed the prayer every day , sometimes asking simply for peace in the family , sometimes asking fervantly for an offer soon , sometimes praying that the family who needs this house would find us before too long.Tomorrow , before we go to sign the closing papers , we will dig up the statue , clean it off and leave it on the mantle for the new owners . Thank you , St. Joseph .
 Good item as described , have enough faith things will go as God has planned it . I also used a green candle to pray to the Saint while i used the prayer cards that are included hopefully it wont take to long to sell my house but all in gods time i will be patient and know that it will sell soon .
 although I did n't end up selling my home -LRB- deal fell through 3 times -RRB- I have to say I believe in the premise of this and saw more traffic through my home I would buy this again .
 I love St. Joseph - I have a lot of faith and figured I should try this out . My house was up on the market at very end of August and received an offer and went under agreement before Thanksgiving . I truly believe this worked for me -- thank you , thank you !
 I have 2 friends who are trying to sell their homes . One has planted the statue and the other has not planted it yet but both feel it will work . The other two I will save for other friends .
 Came on time and in excellent shape . Husband has put in backyard -- and have gotten some calls/interest . Cross selves and fingers for a sale !
 The items was exactly was I expected . St. Joseph has a place in our home watching over my family . Did not sell our home but will keep in case we do .
 I have come to like and trust OXO products as they are generally a cut above in terms of quality and design . This fork is true to my expectation . The handle is comfortable , the balance is good , the actual prongs are both flat -LRB- a plus for just holding meat in place when slicing without piercing or for gently rolling hot dogs -RRB- while the points are sharp for all the times you need the stabbing function of a fork ! It 's also a good length for working over a large outdoor grill . For my purposes this product is a five star winner .
 This fork is great for a barbeque , because it 's really strong and grips the food well . It also washed really easily , which saves a lot of time .
 Good quality BBQ fork . I bought this for the boyfriend at the time and he was impressed . He 's history , but I am glad I got it for him .
 Could n't be happier - the weight of the product is perfect , the fact that it is dishwasher safe just seals the deal !
 I 've used these now for three weeks with my new BBQ and really like the high quality SS and great grip . Good length too , so you do n't get burned reaching to the back of the grill .
 This cooking utensil is unlike any other . its intricate design is for the dumbest cooker or even a gormet french dude . Little do you know that this fork can be used as a stress reliever as well . say , for example , that your meat is not turning out well at all , infact it does n't seem to look like meat anymore just crap , well with this fork you can whack the meat , stab it , and then hurl it across the yard and , trust me , you 'll feel much better .
 I have used many different kinds of BBQ tools in my quest to find the perfect ones . I think my journey has ended . These OXO tools are the perfect combination of ease of use and sturdy construction . When you first use them , you get the sense you will have them forever.I have now used then for about a month . If anyone wants my old collection of tools let me know . These are all I need .
 I always recommend the OXO line of tools to anyone that does a lot of cooking and wants something really designed for use . This is especially true for anyone with problems such as tendonitis , arthritis , or carpal tunnel -- these tools are all designed to leverage energy efficiently instead of wasting energy as most poorly designed utensils . Try them out !
 The OXO line of cooking supplies is always a sure bet . If you want to look stylin ' while you are out BBQ ` in , this is a utensil set that wo n't let you down . The stainless steel was strong , and sturdy - it cut right through a whole chicken and held it sturdy so I could transfer it from the BBQ to the plate . Great set , I highly reccommend !
 If you buy all three of these items individually from Amazon.com they cost $ 11.50 LESS than buying them in this set!Other than that , I highly recomend these . I grill several times a week and these have been put to good use with no complaints .
 I 've been very pleased with this set of BBQ tools . They are comfortable to use and long enough to keep me away from the flame/heat but not so long they feel unwieldy . They have a solid feel with comfortable grips -LRB- especially for someone with smaller hands - eg , most women -RRB- , they are easy to wash , and stand up to lots of use -LRB- we grill year-round -RRB- . I would buy this set again . It is a big improvement over my last set .
 These are the most wonderful corn holders I have ever used ! We have tried the cheapy plastic corn-shaped ones and they tend to rust over time . The cutesy animal-shaped ones get dull and eventually break . That 's not the case with the OXO holders , they have prongs that are both sharp and durable . They hold up very well after repeated dishwashings . The handles are nice and large and easy to grip . I recommend these holders for families that love summertime corn on the cob !
 These are strong , sturdy corn grips that are durable and extremely comfortable to hold . The two steel prongs grip the corn firmly and do not slip or slide while in use . The holders are comfortable to hold no matter how hard you grip them and are suitable for use by the smallest hands , as well as the largest ones . They wash well and look new , no matter how many times one uses them . These corn grips are a very good value for the price .
 Okay , if there 's one thing we know in this area besides great pizza , its corn . I KNOW that corn grips are n't on most people 's top priority list for kitchen gadgets , but if you 're gon na buy 'em , buy the best ! Ever dropped your cob because of all that delicious butter all over your hands ? Add a couple of Good Grips handles to it , and problem solved ! One hint - those prongs are REALLY sharp . Stick them in a measuring cup or something to store . Once you stick your hand in your gadget drawer and get jabbed by one of those things , you 'll never want it to happen again ! Enjoy that corn !
 To my knowledge , there are two sets of Oxo corn holders -- the regular `` Good Grips '' and the `` Steel '' lines . The ones I ordered from this page and received from Amazon were the `` Good Grips '' and they are black and yellow , like a large bumblebee -LRB- 28381 -RRB- , the photo here is old . The `` Steel '' ones are black and stainless steel and cost almost twice as much -LRB- 1050061 -RRB- . They both are great ... large and sturdy and I 'm satisfied with my Bumble Bees for $ 6.00 . Good product just be aware there are 2 sets and Amazon 's set up is a bit confusing . By the way , I store them in a used wine cork in the drawer as they are indeed sharp .
 I 've always found that Oxo brand products for the kitchen are top notch , and these corn holders are no exception . I was surprised to see that they are even heftier than I 'd expected . The size ensures it 's easy for anyone to hold whether that be children , men with large hands , or even people who suffer from arthritis or other hand problems . And the rubber gripping makes hanging onto the holders easy even with buttery fingers . One of the more ingenious parts is the length of the prongs ; Oxo had the common sense to make one prong longer than the other to ensure that both prongs come in contact with the peaked shape of the ear of corn . I highly recommend these !
 I love these ! However , store each set in an old wine cork - You do n't want these sharp little guys floating around your silverware drawer !
 I love these corn holders . Especially great for little ones hands . But I also use it for something else . And that is apples , when I peel the apple I put the holders on the ends and give it to my 3 year old . No more sticky hands . And she does know not to throw them away !
 Great product , they work very well and are comfortable to hold .
 Very easy to hold & better than the old yellow corn prongs that are always breaking & getting rusty just be careful not to stab yourself with them !
 Pretty good.I really like the grip but I think OXO should have made them with 3 spikes instead of 2 . I think they would be more stable with 3 spikes .
 These corn holders seem very well-built but you should beware of one thing
 I purchased two sets for family vacation . We love corn on the cob , and finally found the best corn cob holders . They poke easily into the hard end of the cob and do n't fall out . The men commented on the great size for their hands . The women were pleased that the heat from the corn did n't burn their fingers as with other holders they 've used . And everyone wanted to know where I found them ... Amazon.com of course .
 These are great for kids to enjoy eating corn on the cob . Yes , they are sharp so you have to be careful , but work great !
 These are substantial grips for sticking in the end of corn so you dont burn your fingers . The rubber ends are slip resistant .
 Already had a set of these & liked them som much that i ordered a set for my parents.These holders are very much different from the cheap `` skinny '' types you can pick up at any dollar store . A very good buy & after all ... the price is ` nt bad either .
 How can anyone eat corn without these . Less mess , no burned fingers and just an all around good product .
 A very good product , much better than the usuall ones that break after a few uses .
 These are bigger than some other corn holders I 've ownedin the past , and also sturdier . The kids love them . Iwould even pay more than what I paid for these cool gadgets .
 We have used the corn holders twice now , and so far they are holding up very well . They are easy to use and comfortable to grip . Time will tell how well they hold up washing after washing . That 's the real test for me . The old yellow kind I have purchased repeatedly for the 33 years I 've been married have been a waste of time and money . The little metal prongs always rust and then they fall out of the yellow plastic gripper and they get thrown out as trash .
 The grips came exactly as I had expected them . They are sharp and easy to push and pull into corn because of the rubber grips . I am satisfied .
 had the old standard thin yellow holders for a long time ... found these bigger ones and like them very much ... use them a lot
 OXO is the best quality in everything they make . These stay in the ends of corn while cheap ones keep falling out . They fit in dishwasher basket I have for small items and clean up great .
 At last ! A large corn holder which wont ' let you down . good for older arthritic hands as well as a childs smaller hands . About 3 or 4 times larger than the average corn holder . What took them so long ? and the Good Grips people have nailed it with the size and they wo n't be lost easily in the drawer .
 The item arrived in a timely manner and was as advertised . These are so great ! The handle is a nice size for holding and the prongs are sharp enough to insert into the corn cob ends easily .
 These look good . I have not had any corn on the cob since they got here ans it is too late for good sweet corn this year . Maybe next year I can tell you how well they worked . LOL
 Ok I 'm a new gardner . I 'm living in Sicily for a few years and really want to work on a backyard garden . I thought French Marigolds would be perfect . However I find they are not happy campers in extreme heat . Over 100 deg . Some are surviving in the shade under a tree but some are n't . One little flower is barely alive but I think these would be so beautiful if it were n't so hot . Anyway I do recomend if you live in a milder climate .
 I put some out and they germinated . I need to get lots more into the garden to fight nematodes . This bag will handle that . Good service too .
 These are incredible ! We still have full blooms in Chicago in November ! We will be back for more for sure !
 The French Marigold seeds arrived on time and were as described . I look forward to warm weather so I can plant them .
 The best little hand rake you could ever buy and it is perfect to work around your emerging plants and also to get under bushes and shrubs . Love it and would highly recommend any Gardena product .
 Melnor/Gardena 33530-5 Combisystem Wire Hand RakeBest hand rakes in the world . Removes leaves around plants without tearing out plants . They dont wear out . Someone borrowed mine and I did n't get it back . So I had to buy a new one . Very hard to find anywhere . I was very pleased to find them through Amazon ! No home garden should be without one .
 Had to replace an obsolete 12 + yrs old unit from the same manufacturer . Excellent in design , especially the pump motor.This new version came with all necessary connectors and was a snap to install and works great.Only recommendation , do not use the flexible connector , use the rigid one . The flex bellows are too thin and do not hold up .
 Bought one two years ago during a winter ice storm . Never looked back . It pull starts very easy provided you follow simple instructions to decompress the cylinder before pulling the rope . The rope wo n't budge an inch if you do n't rotate the decompression lever . But the thing puts out . I have run our entire house on the 6kw model . It does not even grunt a little when cooking , washing laundry , TV , lights , and furnace . We just operate business as usual . Now I would not attempt the Dryer without cutting off most everything else in the house . But central air and just about everything else can run all at once . No problems at all and we own a 2000 sq ft home . Do n't let the cheap price fool you on this one . In some areas of life you truly get what you pay for . This is the special instance where you do n't . The choice is yours . Buy a competitors like unit for nearly $ 3000.00 or buy this little jewel for about a grand . Get this generator and all your power outage worries will be gone for good .
 These chimes make the most wonderful sound . Magical in the high pitch & clarity . I have one & gave them for presents & absolutely every one has been so pleased .
 BREAKING NEWS
 The three chimes have an excellent sound -LRB- pitched well -RRB- . I gave this to my boyfriend , who is a professional musician , and he was impressed by the sound and uses it for meditation .
 It 's beautiful depending on your use meaning I do n't know how it would be if people are buying it for a musical use . I love the sound and when my mind is racing - sit down and listen to it - calming my mind down . I 'd get it for a friend .
 beautiful sound ... good . . relaxing ... cleanses every room energeticly speaking amazing product its a good choice for energy therapy ... Use it to clean your `` aura ''
 I use this as an attention getter in my class . It is great , I hit the three chimes then they `` Give me five '' .
 This product is exactly like its description . It has a fantastic sound and very in tune . It arrived days ahead of the due date . I 'm very pleased .
 I am looking forward to using this three tone -LRB- do-sol-la -RRB- chime to let my students know when to stop one activity and start another -LRB- or just listen to my instructions -RRB- . The tone is beautiful and resonates nearly a minute but can easily be damped . My only concerns are the high pitch -LRB- if it hurt my cats ' ears , it may hurt some young children 's ears too -RRB- and the construction of the wooden resonance chamber . It looks like a little classroom misuse could make the system fall apart .
 this chime has so much sound . It resonates in the air for longer than I had expected . Definetely worth the value . Good Buy ! : -RRB-
 The zenergy3 Chime is a percussion instrument . So far its performing quite well and the sound is very pleasent.The quality seems to be quite good.How long will it last . Is difficult to tell
 I was hesitant to purchase due to the $ , however the sound is WONDERFUL!I am happy with this purchase .
 I have had one of these in my classroom since 2003 . It serves to bring the kids back to order , and to refocus wandering minds , depepnding on how much force I apply to the bamboo striker . The tones are amazingly mellow and perfectly pitched , and they go on forever , tapering out to a fine , delicate end note . When my sister got certified as a yoga instructor I thought this would be the perfect gift for beginning and ending her classes since these are really meditation chimes . If you are a teacher I highly recommend these over other methods of restoring calm to an elementary classroom and if you medditate , these are a lovely way to bring you into your practice .
 The students loved this method for moving them from task to task . It worked out perfectly !
 Thanks for the speedy transaction . I am already using the chimes . Thanks , cherylgraves
 great sounds for massage and yoga for wake up when someone in tooooo deep in relaxation . .
 These chimes will work great in my kindergarten classroom . They are attention-getting yet soothing and it will save my voice .
 As a Public Speaking expert and author I love this ! If you need a better way to get everyone back in the room at the end of a break . Rather than yelling `` Everyone come back in the room now '' or Your break is over '' use something that grabs their attention like this . I just purchased one and it is awesome ! Amazon has it for a great price too
 This is a great tool for my 1st grade classroom . I do n't have to raise my voice to get their attention . I play the chime and they stop what they are doing , look at me and wait for further instruction . I use it to signal transitions from one activity to another . I also use it when things get too loud and their voice volume needs to be turned down a notch or two . This is a great resource .
 i bought this to use in my classrooms when teaching . it 's great to get the kids attention . you can make it chime either really loud or quite soft . excellent product .
 Good consistent sound , but the right strings holding the chimes was n't in sync with the left string , and it 's slightly off which probably only matters to someone anal-retentive like myself - its a look-thing , not a sound-thing . Sounds great . All in all , glad I bought it . If you 're thinking about one , I recommend it .
 I use my chime in a meditation class at a senior center.It is a very pleasant sound to mark the beginning and end ofa group meditation .
 I have to admit that I was surprised at the quality of this product seeing as it was so inexpensive to purchase . These are really nice ! The solid metal bar chimes are loosely mounted on shaped and finished wood . They are held tight enough not to move yet loose enough to give off the vibrations needed . The chimes are beautiful sounding . I use them for meditation but a friend has suggested that I mount them by my doorway for a kinder sounding doorbell .
 Just a super item , the tone carries on and on and on ... beautiful tone with an unexpected renascence that was enjoyable and impressive .
 I am really pleased with this chime . I find it relaxing to listen to the tone as it fades out , it helps me to focus for meditation . I have mine hanging on the wall above my desk for easy access and it looks nice there on the wall . I did not expect them to sound so good , exceeded my expectations !
 I use the chimes at the beginning and end of my meditation and yoga practices -LRB- and sometimes when I 'm just passing by them -RRB- . The tone is incredible and immediately gets me into that zone . A little thing in life but the sound makes me smile .
 One of the best investments made for my classroom this school year is the Zenergy chime . The sound quality , plus the ability to change rhythm makes transitioning from activities as easy as 1 , 2 , 3 , not to mention this is the best price anywhere ! : - -RRB-
 The precision tuned chimes provide a pleasant concentration point . This well-made chime is a nice conversation piece , as well as a musical instrument -LRB- limited -RRB- and a meditation chime . Sounds great together or individually . Strike one , two or all bars to provide a pleasant tone to focus on .
 This chime is used in my classroom to draw the children back to order after group work . The sound is more pleasant than a buzzer on a timer . I was in awe the first time I used it to see the students ' pleasant expressions when they heard it . Now they want to be the ones to strike the chime . Another teacher was so envious of the chimes that I purchased one for her too .
 These energy chimes are awesome . They are tuned to G-D-F and I used them in a piece that I 'm writing for women 's choir -LRB- plus a few miscellaneous instruments , including these chimes -RRB- . They are lightweight , have a lovely sound , and ring for a very long time .
 Very clean , crisp tones from this chime . The tones are beautiful and the unit is very well made . A value for the money !
 I bought this product three years ago and I LOVE it . It is great for signalling transitions from activity to activity . The sound is lovely , and loud enough to call the room to attention but not disrupt learning in neighbouring classrooms . We even came up with different `` tunes '' for different transitions.The product is sturdy and has stood up to use in my classroom .
 I bought this for my bff birthday and she LOVES it !!! I wish I got one for myself . It 's a great tool for meditation , centering and relaxation . The bells are great quality and the craftsmanship is excellent . I am definitely going to purchase one for myself .
 I bought this chime to use as a `` call to order '' for my rambunctious 2nd grade classroom . It works , the chimes have beautiful tone , and the students notice them immediately.I thought the chime would have a more traditional , major tone , the three tones are reminiscent of `` Star Trek '' . But none-the-less they do call my children to order .
 So well named as `` Zenergy . '' The tones just take you to another place that feels pure and peaceful . I play them over and over especially when I feel I need a reminder to be centered . I love this thing !!
 100 % what I thought it would be . Just what I ordered/wanted & paid for .
 These chimes have such a beautiful crisp clear tone . I use them in my classroom to call the children to circle/line time .
 A classroom teacher 's dream ! Never strain your voice again trying to get the attention of your noisy students ! Try pressing on the bars as well to create muted sounds as well as use the wooden side as a percussion instrument to punctuate the lesson .
 Non-harsh sound brings kids back to focus . Even works well with eighth graders ! A great way to signal transitions whether from group to lecture , or clean-up , etc. .
 WOW , What a difference in my students when I use this product to get their attention , they actually smile when they hear the sound . It is a very soothing and calming way to focus the class . I saw this product on other educational websites for a lot more . This is a great buy .
 I bought this for my classroom after hearing about other teachers using it for an attention signal . I love it ! The tones are pretty and can be played softly or quite loudly . Either loud or soft , the sound is pleasant . This soothing , pleasant signal is so much nicer than the `` bell '' that I used before . My students really respond to the chimes well ! I highly recommend these chimes !
 I use this in my classroom and the children LOVE it ! It 's not jarring like a regular transition signal such as saying `` give me 5 '' a buzzer , clapping , bell etc. . . I noticed students with autism really like the sound of this . I tell students that they should be quiet by the time it stops chiming which works really well because you have to listen carefully as the sound ends much like a singing bowl , but with multiple sounds . You can also just strike one note . Awesome !
 My wife wanted to order this product for her 4th grade class . We looked and decided to take a change on this vendor who at the time did not have any reviews and seemed to be new to Amazon . The product was shipped in a timely manner and was professionally packaged and in one piece . We appreciate both the quality of the product and the time of the shipment and would definitely use this vendor again .
 What I love mostly about this piece is that it looks like it was made with care . Being a jewelry designer myself , I pay close attention to detail and try to create something of quality . The craftsmanship on this product is excellent ! I also LOVE the sound it produces . This item really exceeded my expectations ! Great purchase for someone looking to add something to their meditation practice .
 As a special educator this is an ideal tool to help students refocus -LRB- use when they are wandering verbally or physically -RRB- or to help transition into a new subject . I was originally show a similar chime by a regular ed teacher who uses it to quiet her large classroom of students - it worked very well . However , this chime has a finer tone and better qualify which has made me very happy.The chime is well made of wood and metal and when struck , produces a very fine toned chiming ring that is not too high pitched -LRB- sending children cringing and clapping hands over their ears to hide from it -RRB- but grabs attention all the same.This is ideal for classroom use and very good quality for your money .
 I could not have made a better purchase for my classroom this year . When students hear the chime , they immediately stop and focus . The students have commented that love the sound and to me -- that 's all that matters ! I love it !
 I got these for work and it was just what I was looking for . This product was shipped pretty quickly as well . I am happy with the purchase and the size is perfect .
 I listened to a book on tape that would use the chime periodically to subconsciously have you relax . When I saw these chimes I bought them . While the are n't perfect they do work to trigger me to relax a little bit .
 I love this for my classroom for transitions . My students recognize the different combinations and know exactly what to do .
 This is a very nice piece that fells good in the hands . Construction is nice and overall a good buy .
 It was a Christmas gift and he loves it . Nice sound fun to play . Somrthing a little different for a music lover .
 I use these chimes in my 4th grade class . They have a lovely tone that immediately commands the attention of my students in a non-intrusive way . Because of their size , I can stick them just about anywhere in my classroom . The chime is sturdy enough that it can bear being in an elementary classroom without being destroyed by any accident that may happen .
 At our place of business , the sales people ring a large gong whenever they close a deal . In the Education Department we wanted some way to also aurally celebrate our successes and decided on this chime . It works perfectly for our purposes . The only issue is now that we have it , we wish we would have gotten one with more bars ... Ding !
 I bought the chimes to get my students attention in class . I enjoy using them as a calming attention getter and prefer it over clapping my hands and talking loudly over their voices . It 's small to fit on my desk and loud enough for all the 2nd graders to hear .
 This product produces an amazing sound . Truely wonderful for starting your day by raising your vibration in just a minute or two .
 My grandson saw one of these at a crystal shop and played with it constantly , so I bought him one for Christmas ... he is 4 years old and loves making music on this ... and it always sounds beautiful ! Quality product at a great price .
 These are high end chimes for the yard , a great shade of purple and the sound is awesome!Anyone would love them as a gift .
 Sounds of Woodstock chimes are light and of very good quality . Almost everybody that hears them , is charmed by their sweet music . I have tested several products , and I can tell , that Woodstock chimes have a wonderful sound , for a reasonable price . I ordered this one for a mason , that worked on our land and was so fond of the sound , that he absolutely wanted the same .
 They really have a quiet sound , not annoying at all , and they are constructed in a way that there has to be quite some air disturbance , wind , for it to chime . Sound is subdued , like it .
 purchased this gift for my husbands birthday , he absolutely loves it ! beautiful tone and very sturdy . we are so very pleased and plan to order more of this product , highly reccommended !
 The sound of these chimes is soothing and very rich for the size of the unit . I am very pleased with the mood that it sets .
 I love this wind chime . The sound is so lovely - and it does n't take a strong breeze for it to go . It 's been a breezy day so I 've been able to enjoy it all day long !
 absolutely beautiful sound quality . original plan was to hang outdoors and wait for the wind . keeping the chimes indoors so that i might generate the sound myself .
 I received these as part of my anniversary gift from my husband . He knew how much I love wind chimes and I had this one on my Wish List . I found a great site that lets you hear them and fell in love with the Tuscany -LRB- but he purchased through Amazon because we love their customer service -RRB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- Woodstock makes a great wind chime and you can really tell the quality by the beautiful sounds that are so in tune and not that brash clanking that some wind chimes have . It does n't take much of a breeze to get these chimes to play a sweet melody for you . I will never go back to the cheap discount chimes after having these . I have some of the larger and more expensive chimes on my wish list now and hope that I get another one soon .
 I love this wind chime . Although I am hoping the wood on the top of it lasts a long time ... it does sound great .
 It is a good size and value for money . This purchase was for a gift .
 I purchased the chimes as a gift and now I am considering purchasing a set for myself . They are really pretty and sound good too . I would recommend these chimes to anyone .
 All it takes is a gentle breeze and you will be rewarded with a soothing melody , forever changing . The tones are tuned to please . Quality of construction is outstanding .
 I was extremely happy with this purchase . It was a gift for a dear friend and she absolutely loves it . The chimes are soothing and pleasant . A perfect gift .
 I love chimes but this set has such a well tuned sound that I am glad when the wind kicks up . If stressed I can set in my kitchen and still here the tone and beauty of the well made instrument . So happy with it I hope to purchase another set soon .
 This windchime is beautiful . However the only thing I have to say is that I was expecting a more Brown color to it and it is more like a Merlot Color . I love the color but it was a suprise to me when I opened the package .
 My mom loved these wind chimes for her birthday ! They are beautiful and have a lovely , calming tone . Great for yourself or someone else .
 It sounds just as describe . The parts are really well made . It feels like it will last for many years .
 I love this wind chime . I received it as a gift and now I wish that everyday was a windy day !
 Bought these chimes to give as a gift , and a year and a half later , they 've held up quite well , still look new -LRB- which is quite purple by the way -RRB- . The best bit though , is that they sound really great , not at all tinny , and has a good range of notes that really makes it sound like music .
 this was a christmas present almost kept it for myself . . looks great . . sounds awesome great color and a great buy at a fabulous price
 I have owned Woodstock windchimes for many years . I 've often given them for house warming gifts . When we bought our little place on the coast we decided a smaller windchime was needed . We searched and found this set . These are different , they are smaller yet sound great no tinny tinkling in the breeze we get a melodic and peaceful sound that seems to enhance the sound of the surf . I am a little concerned about the longevity of the chimes in the coastal environment - but nothing lasts forever especially when subjected to the salt air .
 I am so happy to have purchased this set of chimes . . I can not believe he beautiful tonesIt is so soothing to listen to them ... they are hanging from a tree on my front walkway , and when you are walking in the front yard you can hear them ... it 's like a lullabyePeople often stop on the way while walking their dog , etc to listen for a minute ... theyare just beautiful !
 These chimes make the most beautiful sound . Even during the middle of the night , it is a pleasure to hear the soothing notes .
 These chimes have the most beautiful sound - soft and calming . They chime at the slightest breeze . For those of you who might be concerned about the wood , I put a clear coat of Thompson water seal on the wood parts to protect them from the elements . You wo n't be dissapointed if you buy these chimes , as I have had many compliments on their sweet tone .
 I had been looking for some Woodstock chimes when I came across these on Amazon.com . You can listen to their sound on line before you buy them , which is a plus . These chimes are so well tuned and so beautifully crisp and clear that I love to sit and listen to them . The were delivered quickly and packaged nicely . I highly recommend purchasing these .
 Delightful sound ! This was my second addition to my Woodstock Windchime collection . The quality of construction and sound are far superior to others I have bought . The Woodstock brand is now my primary preference for my windchime collection as well as gift purchases .
 I bought this chime about four years ago which sounds real nice , good quality . We just had a bad snow storm with 50 mph winds gusts and the center string broke . The wood feather went off into where ever . Customer Service @ Woodstock Percussion sent me a replacement free of charge even after it was out of warranty . Will diffidently buy their products again .
 First , I will say that I would buy this again if given the opportunity . The product is as described ... high quality and beautiful . The sound is wonderful . However , it does take more than a gentle breeze for these chimes to sound . I 'm not sure why , but even when the `` windcatcher '' or `` feather '' is moving , it does n't always translate to enough movement to produce the ringing . I live in very windy Oklahoma and the chimes are silent most of the time . They did sound beautiful during the last thunderstorm , though ! Maybe I need to hang them in a different location ?? Or maybe we 're just having an unusual breezeless period?In any case , I would have given these a 5 except for the amount of wind required for the chimes to sound .
 These chimes have hung under the east overhang of our ranch-style home for 2 1/2 years . They perform like new -LRB- which is a very pleasing melodic tone -RRB- . I have treated the finished wood one time with tung oil and they show only a slight fading of color because of catching full sun in the morning . This definitely is a quality product .
 These chimes have a very pleasing sound that you do n't get tired of hearing . Having said that , they require a stronger breeze than you would think to chime . We just sent the same chimes to our son and his family in California , we think they will enjoy them as much as we do .
 I LOVE the color of these wind chimes . They are a deep purple , have a nice sound and look great hanging in my kitchen by the window . In the spring when I can open the windows they will sound great in there ! I may put them up outside once the nice weather comes . They look as if they would last a while , good solid quality . I was happy I picked these out for myself while xmas shopping this year : -RRB-
 I truly love wind chimes and have wanted a really well mad and sounding set for years now . These are amazing when the wind stirs and sounds so beautiful .
 Nice . Pretty . but the picture doesnt give true colors . its wine colored with plum colors chimes . hopefully the person i bought this for will like it
 I am very pleased with my Tuscany Wind Chimes and they are all that I expected , the chimes being very soothing.The packaging was very good and the delivery was quick and efficient .
 My son and his fiancee gave these wind chimes as gifts to their parents at their rehearsal dinner . The quality of the sound is full and rich and very pleasing . They 're constructed well and the color is attractive . It 's a daily reminder of my son and daughter-in-law and the love we share as a family . I highly recommend these wind chimes .
 Bought this windchime on Amazon several months ago . Its louder than I thought it would be . But overall please with the product and the provce was right .
 Purchased for a gift -LRB- after previewing the ring tones on the Manufacturer 's website -RRB- . The tones are round and full and linger beautifully . The wood is stained a kicked-up burgundy and it went well with the black finish of the pipes . It 's not `` tinny '' maybe a bit `` tingly '' but a very nice tone overall . I would buy again , I would buy this brand and Amazon Prime made the difference for us ; got it fast and the Manufacturer 's packaging was very nice and well protected .
 Very simply put , the Chimes of Tuscany are amazing . I have owned Woodstock Chimes for many years and that is a plus as this states they last many years . By far this set has become my favorite set as a slight hint of wind seems to encourage the sweet , tinkling sound without any clanging or harsh tones . They are beautiful in a color resembling cherry wood . The price is also amazing for high quality chimes as I have paid much more for similar sized Woodstock chimes . You wo n't go wrong with this purchase .
 This was a birthday gift to someone to remind her of our trip to Tuscany .
 bought as a gift and the person loved them . Have a set of my own aw well . Very well made and just a cool thing to chant to .
 it has a clear & precise soundFast shipping within 2 weeks . Item as described . recommended for others considering getting a chmie for mediation or clearing ! great crisp sound .
 I love it . The chimes sound beautifully and the vibrating sound cloud is extremely calming . I use it in the classroom to calm and focus my students before a new task or lesson . A must for every teacher .
 I bought this chime for use in my classroom . I use it to let know the children know that it is time to Stop , Look and Listen . It has a clear sound and a sturdy construct .
 I have one of the smaller , single - `` bell '' units and like the tone it produces , clear , ringing , with LOTS of resonances ; this two - `` bell '' unit is much more complex in the tone -LRB- s -RRB- it produces . When both `` bells '' are struck , I can `` feel the beats '' between the tones generated , which are slightly offset . The resulting mixed sound is extremely complex compared to the single unit , and has an `` Oriental '' overcast to the tones as they mix . If you 're a `` pure western music '' `` trained ear '' , you might find this a little unsettling at first , since there does n't seem to me to be a `` normal diatonic '' relationship between the primary tones , but rather an `` Oriental '' relationship . If you 're looking for an `` Oriental-ish '' sound , this little unit should be considered .
 I use this product daily in my classroom with students and it is still working great after months of heavy use . The sound is great too .
 Yes they are the same tone as one reviewer stated , however I like that as it provides an effect that is soothing . It is nice to start or end a meditation session with it . Good craftsman ship . Do n't expect to play a tune on it though .
 This instument has a lovely sound & works perfectly to begin & end meditation , especially in a group setting .
 Beautiful clear sound and substantial construction . It is everything I expected it to be . I would buy more products from this company .
 Some of the other reviews of this indicate that it 's hard to get the tones right , but I have n't had a single problem with it . It 's definitely a good addition to any meditation kit .
 a nice chime , especially for the price . The tone is n't as sweet as a tingsha though .
 Higher pitch due to the size of the the aluminum bars . Nice long lasting sound . Attractive sound to use to get kids ' attention . I use it with students to enhance mindfulness exercises -LRB- lots of research showing mindfulness important to listening skills , diminished impulsivity and more ability to pay attention - see Mindup curriculum -RRB- . Listened to alternatives on other sites and this was the best value for the dollar . Performs as advertised . Not disappointed at all .
 I use these chimes to transition my university students in and out of activities . I use to use it in the classroom as a teacher . Works great and is so soothing .
 This gong is one of a kind . The sound is deep and relaxing . A real eye catcher in my garden .
 I purchased this same gong from a local store this past summer , and paid $ 30 more than Amazon charged -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . Great gong for the price . Arrived on time .
 I absolutely loved this product and my son bought one as well and he feels the same.It is hanging in my pergola and looks lovely .
 This wind chime is beautifully constructed of high quality materials . It has a very low , zen-like chime and would be a wonderful addition to any garden or home .
 This is not your same old wind chimes -LRB- not that there 's anything wrong with them -RRB- . The unique look and sound of my Emperor Gong make it perfect to hang in my front entrance way.It can get tangled in a strong wind . But that is easily fixed .
 I hang it indoors and actually use it as a gong so I ca n't comment on it 's durability outdoors . It seems to be made of quality materials , and has a deep throaty sound . Love it .
 Have had this same gong for five years before it needed replacing . It held up to 24/7 , 365 outdoor exposure . The wood held up , but weathered . The strings do frey after that length of time . I love the sound and look of this gong . Good quality and construction . Keep the old gong to make something else .
 My mother 's garden is enormous and beautiful . Hard to find something interesting to add to it . We purchased this as a gift for Mother 's Day and it looks like nothing she has seen before . Very earthy and unique , but not over the top . Our only negative is that no one can hear the gong . We wanted a peaceful , deep `` BONNNNGGG '' every once in a while , but it just kinda looks pretty all of the time . No one 's complaining though . Great unexpected gift .
 I love this wind gong . The wind at our place is fairly constant and the pleasing sound is good to hear . I will have to admit that in very high wind it had to be rescued and it can get tangled , but , all in ail it is fantastic . I am going to purchase another one for our church garden .
 Bought this at a higher price elsewhere , last winter . Held up beautifully on a cover porch . It has a lovely deep throated musical quality . Very unobtrusive & soothing . I love all my woodstock items & have many . Nothing clashes !
 The Emperor Gong chime looks great and sounds interesting and pleasant . It is n't loud like a gong , but more delicate . The tone is unlike any other chime I have . I gave one as a gift and they loved it .
 As someone who has experience in Eastern and Western cultures , I found this gong to be beautiful and totally authentic in its rich sound of the Far East . -LRB- In fact , it 's made in China ! -RRB- I also think its graceful design truly captures the culture 's splendor . I 've seen it sold elsewhere at the full list price and understand it 's always a best-seller ! And it 's very durable !
 The gong was purchased as a gift for a good friend that loves wind chimes . This was certainly the most unique for her collection and she was thrilled . Excellent value as well .
 i bought this for my mother 's birthday -LRB- she 's a collector of chimes -RRB- , and it 's definitely the standout piece and sound amongst her collection . it has a steady , deep resonance that is never rushed no matter the speed of wind -LRB- unlike the dinkier chimes that sound as if they 're just crashing into each other -RRB- , so the construction is spot-on . i got her the small , the loud produces a deeper , more bass sound . i liked it so much i got one for myself in my garden in france -LRB- where i might add they sell for outrageous prices -RRB- . if you 're into chimes or anything zen/japanese related , it wo n't be regretted .
 This was one of the finishing touches for my recently completed Japanese rock garden . I hung it from a planter hook and many people have specifically took notice .
 Very beautiful , not long like i thought after reading the dimension . Its sound is deep & beautiful . I 'm a Buddhist & often heard this sound when going to pagodas when I was in Vietnam . it brings me back peaceful moments in this busy life !
 After seeing these for sale while on vacation over four years ago at a flea market , my wife had to have one . However , being a tourist hot spot , the asking price was beyond unreasonable . . This is where Amazon comes in . We were able to locate this with ease , the price was reasonable and shipping was quick!We hung it on our patio where it got plenty of breeze to keep it singing . It 's not a loud gong , as there is a rubber ring around the &#34; mallet , &#34; but it 's very relaxing to sit and listen to . We got lots of compliments on it . After four years of ownership though , it was time to retire this gong . We live in the midwest , and the weather has not kind . And , although we only hung it three out of our four seasons ; the wood was badly pitted and chipped , the varnish was all but gone , and the metal looked as if it had been through battle . . but it was still functional ! The sound was n't as vibrant as it once was , but it held up well .
 we have about 10 windchimes placed around our s florida home . this one i put at the front enterance way . it is very attrative and well made like all woodstock chimes . does n't take alot of wind to create a nice gong .
 I think these 's are very well crafted and very beautiful ...
 Very classic look and is of good quality . I will be buying more for gifts . . better than I expected it to be .
 This chime has as a beautiful ring to it . It can easily be heard in a room with many people - great for meditation or calling attention at meetings
 Purchased when I noticed a colleague who also facilitates for large groups effectively used it to bring everyone 's attention back . Wonderful sound , easy to travel with , well-made .
 Nice chime . Mellow sound yet very audible . My wife uses it in the classroom with preschool kids to get their attention without adding to the general sound level . She loves it for that and recommends it to teachers -LRB- she is actually a counselor -RRB- . And , it seems like a good value .
 A nice percussion item , a great help in my meditation time , a work o art , highly recommend it
 I have been using this product in my classroom for over 2 years . It has been abused , pounded on , and dropped , yet it still works perfectly . Great for meditation and any other use you come up with .
 This chime is a wonderful classroom management tool . It is a peaceful tool to capture the attention of my students . My students respond better to the chime then to my voice .
 I saw similar chimes in other classrooms , so I decided that I really wanted a chime like this for my class . Sound is okay , but I find that I have to try too hard to hit it with enough power to actually get the attention of my students . This might also be that it 's still the first couple weeks of school and I have some crazy kids , but that 's why I give four stars instead of five .
 This chime is wonderful ! I bought it to use in my classroom as a signal to change activities . It makes such a calming sound my students react quickly and try to get to the next activity before the last sound ends . My students and I love it !
 I am a happy owner of this product . Hehe . . Pro
 The Zenergy Solo Chime has a wonderfully beautiful resonating ring about it . I begin and end my mindfulness sessions with a gentle tap on the chime . It is perfect and also inexpensive compared to singing bowls , Intikin bells , clappers and other devices for summoning and ending mindful exercises . I highly recommend it .
 Great for calming the atmosphere or spicing it up ... depending on the situation . I just came back from a drum circle using one of these during it , and i have to say it is a very nice touch to a typical drum circle . I also just use it in my room every here and there and it rings out long and peacefully . I just think the mallet is a little to hard for a peaceful charm , but it is still nice .
 This is a great tool to use in a classroom to get your student 's attention . They just love it and it works !
 As a teacher this gets their attention without using my voice , and that 's a great thing !
 I have 2 Woodstock chimes and enjoy them for their appearance , quality , and heavenly sounds . I bought this as a Friday sale impulse and am glad I did . Does it sound as beautiful as the considerably more expensive chimes ? No , but for the price , quality , and simple calming sound I am not in the least bit disappointed . I will likely pick up a couple of more once they go on sale again for token gifts . I really do not understand the negative reviews for this product considering the quality at this price point .
 I use the Zenergy Chime to get the attention of teachers and school leaders when I present workshops . It is much nicer than an alarm going off or me saying , `` Excuse me ... Excuse me ... can I have your attention ? '' It has a nice round tone and gets people 's attention calmly and respectfully . I have given it to other leaders and presenters as a gift and they love it , too .
 This lovely chime makes a tone that reverberates . It 's a perfect reminder to children to be still , breathe , and practice self control . I am a preschool counselor and have shared this chime with several teachers who use it successfully as an audible signal to bring calm to the classroom .
 Three strikes on the bell welcomes me home as I light my candle for a meditative evening . This is a beautiful sounding chime . I recommend it for those who have a meditation area .
 I love this little chime . I 'm using it to start and end my `` quiet time . '' The clear tone lasts longer than you might expect , and I love it every time . Worth every penny !
 This chime a gift and is now a prized possession in our home . When my grown kids stop by to visit , they inevitably gravitate towards the hearth where the windchime sits and ring it ... the lovely sound captures the group and for just that moment we all seem to take a breath and recenter !
 I wanted to use this for my classes to signal the end of a working period . It has a wonderful and resonating sound . Some scratches were on the chime , but does n't seem to impair the sound .
 I really like this instrument . I use it in my sessions with kids in therapy . We practice hitting it hard and soft and then we hit it and listen to the sound and raise our hand when we do n't hear the sound anymore . It makes them really stop and slow down .
 The sound of the Woodstock Percussion Zenergy Chime provides an invitation -- for calling a group to order or initiating a time of meditation and prayer .
 I really love the sound of this chime . I have it on my altar and use it during my meditation practice . I highly recommend this product .
 I use this chime for my yoga and meditation instruction business . It has a nice mellow sound , perfect for smaller rooms where a singing bowl would be a bit too overwhelming . Easy to use and a great price . I would buy again .
 Picked this up as a little gift for holidays and was notmdisappoimted . Quality seems very goodmformthe cost which was small . Good sound .
 The product was as advertised . It arrived within 5 days . It works as our signal in my PE classes with excellent tone .
 I 'm very happy with this . It has the nice long tone your looking for and easy storage for the striker .
 I teach elementary school art and use this to signify clean-up time . It can be heard over the loudest of classes and the kids instantly stop , look and listen ! I highly recommend it .
 I ordered one of these for each of my kids after I received my trio percussion chime . Sound great , Very pretty , I have them hung in the kids ' rooms as a relaxation tool and so they can ring for me when they want . Kids love them too ! Nice product .
 This chime has a nice tone , and it is well constructed . If you a looking for a very simple chime that resonates well , this One will meet your needs nicely .
 Use it in 6th grade classroom to effectively capture attention . Kids love it . No yelling . Pleasant sound . Kids love to use it , too .
 I give this item five stars due to the wonderful sound it makes and the joy it bring by using it .
 I absolutely love this chime ! It has a beautiful , clear sound . I would recommend this to anyone who would use this for meditation .
 We have used this in yoga and tai chi classes to get the class started -LRB- and the chatter to die down -RRB- and again at the end of the meditation time to &#34; wake up &#34; the class ... . gently and beautifully .
 I am a Kindergarten teacher and this works wonders in my classroom !!! My students love it !!
 This chime works just fine for me . Gets eveyone 's attention at meetings I conduct , but is not intrusive like a gavel .
 This chime makes a great sound and resonates for a long time . It is easy to use and beautiful .
 Makes beautiful sound , perfect to end a meditation session , or even to quiet down a room of students . Bought one for myself and one for my teacher . Great price !!!
 Bought this for my classroom and love the calming sound it makes . Beats a bell any day ! My students say they like it too .
 I ordered the chime to use in my classroom as a means of getting the children 's attention during working time . It works like a `` chime '' , I mean charm ! The sound is lovely and resonates throughout the room , doing exactly what I intended . Thank you !
 I bought this to teach my baby pitch . It is tuned to A-440 -LRB- I assumed this , but it was n't anywhere in the description -RRB- . I ordered it at 7:30 am and it arrived the same day ! It was n't that much more to have it here the same day - it must have been in a Seattle warehouse . It looks just like the photo and has a great ring . I 'll probably buy some more for my musical friends with babies .
 This simple chime is well worth the economical price . It makes a bright , ringing tone . Excellent product . I am a high school teacher and it is our `` come to order '' sound as well as our `` 1 minute left to work '' sound . The students love it .
 My teachers used the zenergy in class as a respectful way to grab back our attention . So when I became a teacher myself , I had to have it . The children become very attentive and they like the sound very much . It is much better than calling them , or ringing a loud bell . It is a soft chime that makes them smile .
 I have the single chime . I got it for a group I am facilitating to signal the end of breakout sessions etc. . I discovered a secondary use however ; if you ring it at the back door , the dogs stop everything and run in . They usually came to me because I can whistle , but my husband was having trouble getting heard . This is a very sharp tone . Even if the girls are having a heated discussion over the fence with the dogs next door , they can hear this chime . And it 's much easier on the neighbors late at night . Highly recommended .
 I bought this chime to help myself re-establish peace parentheses in the sometimes hectic world of my workplace , a marketing agency . It was a perfect choice . The sweet note pierces the din and lingers in the air . It 's just the right size to keep at my desk , and the finish is clean and elegant.It arrived quickly and well packed and , of course , the price was right !
 I give this five stars . It has a soothing sound and good to start the meditation . I use it to get my wife 's attention sometimes . I have it laying flat on top of a counter with a piece of plastic like material underneath it to avoid the thumping sound coming from the material underneath it .
 I received my chime before I anticipated it . It was very nicely packaged and it looked exactly as it was promised.Thank you .
 The chime looks good and has a great sound . I put it in a nicer box and wrapped it for a retirement gift . Bought another for a friend that just completed a yoga instructor training . 1-Tone Chime
 I purchased a Solo ZENERGY Chime in a shop in Maine and loved it so much , I bought more for Christmas gifts , finding the best prices on Amazon.com . I know purchasing here will be dependable , yet the best buys.As a musician with perfect pitch , having such a pure tone is refreshing . I did listen to the two and three bar chimes , but did n't appreciate the dissonance , actually they hurt my ears . For meditation , this may be fine for others , but the single sustained sound was more appealing and very relaxing for me , personally ... to each her own ... however , I would purchase a two or three bar set if the three tones were a perfect consant chord .
 This is a beautiful item . It 's tone is perfect . I bought is because of it 's compact size and use it when smudging clients homes as we meditate before and after the ceremony . I 'm thinking of using it for a gift to my clients as well for the price and quality it ca n't be beat .
 As a college aged Philosophy major , this chime worked perfectly for my mediation . It has a clear , long lasting sound that really helps you clear your mind and focus . It 's well-crafted and a great quality chime . My only complaint is that there is no travelling case for it.I would definently recommend if you are in need of a meditation chime !
 This item arrived promptly and in good condition . It was an excellent value . It resonates for a long time . I 'll probably get a few of the other sizes or maybe a multi . Great for classes or small group meditation .
 Item arrived promptly before estimated arrival date . Use daily in my classroom . Purchased a second one from the same seller for another staff member . Very pleased .
 We use this chime to end our meditation period and have found it to be a clean , clear , balanced tone . Just lovely .
 Bought this chime for my grandchildren when they visit me . Try to have a variety of toys , musical instruments , etc. . Loved the price ! I found , however , this is really a beautiful chime for meditation , having a resonate sound to it , nice tone and lingering sound that is calm and peaceful . I 'm now commencing one of my metaphysical classes with this chime . The group arrives full of energy , chatting , laughing , and all I need do is sound this chime and peace comes over the room . Everyone responds with silence . So this is a useful toy as well as a tool for meditation .
 My Bach Windchimes sound wonderful ! My neighbors report that they too enjoy the pleasant tune they emit whenever the wind blows .
 I gave this set of windchimes to a friend who was delighted to have them . As usual , the shoping experience with Amazon was a pleasure . They arrived quickly and in good shape.Pat
 Putting external XM radio in our Yukon meant finding a power source . I did n't want to cut and splice a wire so I bought these fuse taps to use . Work like a charm . It 's a bit difficult to get seated but once in place , you 'll be good to go . In a year of traveling bumpy gravel roads , the tap has not worked loose .
 I love the subdued meditative chime from the Emperor Bells . My neighbors love them too - as they 're bright and cheerful , without being obnoxious on a windy day . Woodstock chimes are the best - excellent quality and pure , clarion tones make for the perfect chime . I highly recommend the bells for anyone who wants to add subtle music to their lives .
 SCOTTS HYPONEX 71140570 TOP SOILI HAVE USED THIS PRODUCT FOR MANY YEARS . IT STLL LIVES UP TO ITS STANDARDS .
 Reasonable shipping time . The shaft replaced the broken one as it was described . No issues yet and i 've had the part installed for a month now .
 I was initially sceptical about the performance of this item , but I live on a hillside where raking is difficult , and decided it was worth a try as I was ordering a multi-attachment string trimmer anyway . The Amazon review indicated it would fit brands other than Poulan , and I was certainly happy when it snapped right on to my new Troy Bilt trimmer . The Amazon review also said the blower would produce a 150 mph jet of air , which I dismissed as ad hype.I was wrong.This blower BLASTS ! I kicks up a duststorm of leaves , gravel , small branches , and the occasional garden gnome . I works great for my hillside situation , allowing me to jet out leaves from under bushes and garden structures from 20 feet away , and cut my raking time from over an hour to just minutes . I would have given this unit 5 stars , but I have only used it for 2 weeks , and I have no idea of its durability over time .
 My neighbor had me buy this item and several of the attachments . This is really great . I would recommend it to any one . My neighbor and I use it often . The neighbor uses the chain saw and I use the weed eater and the blower . It is a great tool to have .
 As noted by other reviewers , this blower attachment produces high-speed , high-volume air flow that far exceeds the typical electric blower . We have a standard 12-amp electric blower and this unit is much better . In fact , in side-by-side comparisons with my neighbor 's backpack-mounted blower , this attachment seems to produce more of a blast . -LRB- Sorry , but I do n't have specs on his backpack unit , so the comparison is n't as meaningful as I 'd like , but the point is that this attachment has capabilities that meet or exceed dedicated units . -RRB- I 've owned the unit for over a year with absolutely no problems . The Poulan engine and drive unit is , of course , reliable and easy to start , with tolerable noise levels . The only downside to the blower that I 've noticed , which is n't much , is that the intake for the impeller is on top of the blower unit , which means that when I sometimes stick the blower into a pile of leaves to blow the whole pile away , some of the leaves get sucked onto the top of the blower and I 've got to bend down to pick them off . Like I said , it 's not much of a downside , but I 'm trying to be fair .
 This blower is fantastic . I have a 33cc poulon pro trimmer . This blower is quickly attached and switched with the trimmer . Works well . Saves money as i do n't have to purchase a blower and trimmer . I am interested in the edger attachment as well . Only negative is that i hoped for for blowing power , although there is plenty of power for the jobs i am doing . Would definitely recommend this product !
 I only used it once so far , but it is doing exactly what I expected it to do . I do not think it 's too weak - it creates quite a tempest wherever you direct it to . Of course , , I can not yet say anything on a long-term basis -LRB- durability -RRB- , but the product appears to be solid , not flimsy . It avoids having a 3rd gas engine to take care of , besides by lawn mower , and my weed-eater .
 This is a good blower attachment for your trimmer . Some reviews -LRB- justifiably -RRB- comment on the slight lack of power for this attachment . Keeping in perspective that a multi-use tool rarley compares @ 100 % to one that is specialized for a particular job , I think this attachment works very well . I do n't have a huge yard , and the Poulan Pro attachment system works very well for me . The cost of the implements combined with the space I save in my gagarge is key . It works great blowing out my gagarge , driveway , front and back porches . The only reason I did not give a 5 star is due to the plastic construction and not being sure how long it will last , however , the plastic construction makes the unit nice and light .
 It works okay but it is a little awkward to use at times . On occasion you have to tilt the blower to actually aim at the leaves etc. you are trying to move , this can be somewhat difficult and bothersome . The good thing is that the engine you are using is probably already warmed up and you do n't have to cold start another engine after you are done trimming your lawn .
 Was the cheapest way to get a gas blower . Already had gotten the Poulan Pro gas weed eater and the edger attachment , this attachment finished off my lawn care needs . It is n't the best blower , but it gets the job done and that with the price , it ca n't be beat .
 Do n't need a seperate blower now . Good power and wind speed , like a minature wind tunnel . Works really well , but is plastic , so longevity might be an issue . Time will tell , but so far , so good .
 The blower is a very nice addition to my attachments for the Poulan Pro . It does an excellant job with the leaves.The only problem I have had so far is that the blower fan was not attached to the cable . This was right out of box . I had to take apart and put the bolt into the cable adapter . No problems yet . I have had it about 4 months .
 great for light duty stuff around the yard if you do n't need a heavy duty one . Electric cables can be annoying , so if you already have a trimmer you can attach this to it may be a good choice . Do n't buy a trimmer just for this though , just get a cheap blower . And it blows pretty well too .
 I do the lawn maintenance at our apartment building and this attachment has saved me a lot of time now that I do n't have to sweep the grass clippings off of walkways . Have n't had any problems so far . I was n't sure if this attachment would do the job but it actually does it very well . Since I already purchased the Poulan Pro weed wacker this lightweight attachment was a money saver .
 This does exactly what I needed it to do and has more power than I expected . Because it is an attachment I was not expecting it to have as much power as a regular blower but it did and was able to clean up the lawn and driveway of all the leaves . Definitely worth the price to save my backaches that always follow using the rake .
 It saves you from buying several equipment that you may otherwise not use a lot . I already had the Poulan weedeater and when my electric blower died , I decided to give this a try . It is lightweight and powerful . I do n't think it would fit the needs of a professional gardener or if you have a big yard to maintain . This would be more appropriate for a homeowner with a small yard .
 I really like this blower it does it 's job ! Comes with 2 attachments and it 's powered by the weedeater . East to change and store ! Great product .
 Very happy and satisfied with this product . Found it to be compatible with my Craftsman four cycle power head . Have no problem directing air flow as some reviews state . When air flow is pointed down the Craftsman power head rests under my arm pit and is very comfortable there . No excessive heat or noise . The Craftsman power head blows the air , noise and exhaust back and away from my body . I was reluctant to purchase this item after reading that some customers found the power head of other makes right next to their ear with the blower pointed down . I have given all of my two cycle equipment away and have purchased several more attachments . Note that I happen to be right handed . Thank you Amazon .
 I 'm very satisfied with all my Poulan products . This is the latest item I added and it works as I expected .
 Easy to change out from other attachments . Works really well , could blow a touch harder .
 I bought this to work with my new Toro gas trimmer . It works pretty darn well , but the angle on the shaft I think could be a little better . I often find that I have to raise my arms pretty high to get it to blow straight ... just a minor annoyance . And I do n't think I can recommend it for large yards . It just seems if you have a LOT of blowing/clearing to do , you might want to get a dedicate blower . But for my yard , -LRB- roughly 7,000 sq ft. -RRB- it works pretty well .
 Replaced a 10 plus year old electric weed eater blower with this attachment . Works great . No longer limited to the length of a cord .
 Excellent deal on Amazon ! Cost less than Walmart . My husband loves it .
 This was the perfect item to use for my hand made sailor moon wand : D
 I got this for my 3 year olds window . I wanted him to see the prism that it would make once the sun hit it . He enjoys it in the evenings when the curtain is open and the sun hits it . Great value for the money . I went to Walmart and purchased some fishing string to hang it center his window .
 I 've purchased seven prisms through Amazon and six different types . They 're all very good deals.The clear prisms create the strongest rainbows . Large facets result in the longest and thickest rainbows as well as the most vivid colors by far . The cut of this prism is to create more but smaller color splashes of moderate color strength . However , the round shape is very convenient because you do n't have to concern yourself with facing the prism a certain way to catch more rays.A good way to hang them is to use fishing line , which is quite inexpensive and not very noticeable.This large prism is very good and well-worth the price . However , a better prism is this one :76 mm Teardrop Crystal Prisms # 873-76 - yet I 'm not saying everybody should buy it.However , even the best one I bought here , the 873-76 , is only 30 % leaded crystal . In retrospect , I 'd rather buy just one higher quality crystal and several 30 % ones even if it costs a lot more .
 I bought several of the 40 mm crystal prisms because the price is so wonderful . One is hanging in a the middle of a long hallway which gets light from a second-story window . Every day in the past month , around 6:15 p.m. , the light from outside has been hitting the crystal just right and creating beautiful , rainbow-colored plumes all over the ceiling and walls . It is spectacular.The cut is astonishing and I am very happy that I have these in my home . I am planning to buy a few more .
 This company stood by their product.I ordered 7 prisms-4 were damaged during shipping.I was very disappointed & e-mailed them the evening I received them . The next day I got a call from the vendor who told me to return the damaged crystals.I did & in no time had the replacements , which were perfect . I am very happy with quality & price of the Prisms . I even ordered more since I found the vendor to be honest .
 I am simply amazed at the quality of this crystal prism . The skinny :1 -RRB- The crystal is quite heavy - no estimation of how much it weighs , but definitely heavier than a golf ball .2 -RRB- It 's about the size of a golf ball - maybe a bit smaller . I mention this because 40mm did n't really provide a good idea of how big it would be in my mind . It comes prehung on a red string .3 -RRB- It 's definitely crystal , and not simply cut glass . The facets are quite sharp and radiate their own rainbows when rotated in light .4 -RRB- The real amazement comes when you hang it in your window - a thousand tiny rainbows of light will fill your room when the sun hits it . I 've just never been as happy with an Amazon purchase - for less than $ 4.00 shipped ?? I 'm buying more just as soon as I finish this review . Such a small price for so much shiny . ; -RRB-
 Heavy ball , perfectly cut , gives long-line rainbows on ceiling and lots of small ones on wall . Packed in individual small boxes with silk cord make them great gifts . Very happy with them . These were sent by FAT CUPID . It makes a difference , as another shipment from Davidson Lighting of 3 teardrop crystals contained one with scratched surface , and one with color dots inside the clear glass .
 For the price , these are awesome ! I bought a handful to give to friends , they make great gifts.If you want the best , go a little bit bigger and get the 2 '' cut . This one is stunning and while it 's about 3x the price , it 's 3x as nice : -RRB-
 I put the name of the vendor in the title of this review because Amazon does n't distinguish vendors selling the same product and there is a very big difference.I would recommend buying from Luos , as I 've now gotten three crystals from them , and they 've all been packed well and the crystals are quite nice . The only reason they do n't get five stars is that the drill holes for the strings are n't well done . Once you hang the crystal , you wo n't notice the hole , so these are a very good buy on very large crystal prisms.However , I 'd first bought this same crystal from another vendor , Crazy Store . It was defective -- yellowed color -- and arrived chipped due to shoddy wrapping.I noticed when I tried to write a review , complaining about Crazy Store , it was posted under the listing for Luos . I had to delete it , specifically search for the vendor , and then repost it , which is why I 'm making a big deal of the distinction .
 This was a gift for my daughter . It puts lots so small rainbows on the walls with morning sun . The rainbows are a little less than what I had hoped for so I think we need a different shape . It 's heavy and well made .
 Very lovely . Good weight . Even bigger than I expected and to me it is a bonus . Easily stringed for hanging . Beautifully cut and shipped quite fast . I would re-buy and recommend . Glad I purchased .
 It took more than 3 weeks to get it , but I love it . I put it in my Red Carpet Studio Cosmix-20 Inch Double hanger that spins and it looks awesome .
 Was looking for a rainbow maker for my daughter , this was a great price , and a great product . Got another one for my nephew .
 Love my new larger crystals ! Ca n't wait to get them hung ! I 'll definitely be back after Christmas to buy more !
 Detail work around the thread-hole is a little rougher than the top brands , and it 's possible that the crystal has a lower lead content . In the sun , though , these things flash brilliantly , every facet looks good , and for the price , one can have a bunch of these to hang or give away .
 This was a gift a to close friend . It was bigger then expected :-RRB- pretty cool . She loved it and placed it in front of her window in her bedroom . These bring beautiful positive energies . Just let the sun kiss it and watch the magic of rainbows dance . So much healing : -RRB-
 I am very happy with my purchase . The crystal filled my room with vibrant rainbows today.It takes a little while to get it from China but locally they are very expensive.I put one in my Kitchen and one in my window Garden .
 My daughter loves this ! She holds it up & says `` look , mommy , it makes rainbows ! '' It does too - lots of small ones -LRB- < 1 '' from 4 ' away -RRB- . The cuts are clean and the price is unbeatable .
 Love them I never knew they were so beautiful and when I received them i was astonishes by the beauty and the faceted cut of the crystal . Will buy again from this seller as he/she fullfilled my expectation and sent me a product of high quality . Thank you very much . A +
 It is very pretty , nicely cut . I do n't have windows that let much sun in , so I do n't know how well it create the rainbows on the wall . But I give it 5 stars !
 I love the quality , have ordered a few times from this carrier , and always received my order in top-shape and in a timely manner .
 Beautiful and relatively cheap , it 's much nicer than 20 mm balls . It comes with a red string so you do n't need to worry about it . One of them had milling glass dust in the hole , but I hope I can clean it .
 Purchased these to replace one lost . This is a much more spectacular display than any I have had over the last 30 years . My cat loves them too .
 I did n't know whether to order the 30 , 40 , or 50 mm but the 40 is perfect , about the size of a golf-ball ! maybe a tad smaller.It catches the light so perfectly . I picked up some cheap -LRB- clear and thin -RRB- fishing line from Walmart , and it looks sublime hanging in my window -LRB- all three in a slant -RRB- ... especially around sunset.You can not go wrong with this company . I 've bought three from them so far , and all have arrived unchipped . Look at the reviews too , they have excellent service , and you ca n't beat the price!If you love clear or a prism of colors or just beauty in general , these are for you . No reason to hesitate .
 Super Product!Great Price!Fast Service!Very Happy Will Buy More and Soon ... Thanks
 I was very excited to receive the crystals that I ordered . They were well packaged and just what I was looking for !
 Very nice product especially for the price . We have given the Crystal as gifts to several friends . The purchase was shipped immediately .
 Good sparkle , nice size about an inch and a half . My first crystal prism purchase , liked them so much that I have gotten two other types/sizes since . Sprays of little rainbows with direct sunlight . Just beautiful .
 I love it -- the only thing the vendor needs to do is to replace that cheap string with fishing twine , like I did , so that it will endure the weather elements .
 These were ordered as favors for my parent 's 50th wedding anniversary . While slightly bigger than expected , my parent 's were very happy with them .
 For the money , this ca n't be beat . We got this to show our two little ones how prisms work , and they just love the `` rainbows all over the room '' .
 The many-faceted crystal ball is heavy and of good quality . It makes many rainbows on a sunny day . Due to the smaller facets , the rainbows are relatively small -LRB- about 1/2 '' or so -RRB- but there are many of them . I also bought a 38mm teardrop crystal , that one looks noticeably lighter and smaller but its rainbows are bigger although fewer.This ball is very pretty -LRB- even when the sun is not shining on it -RRB- and dresses up my south-facing window . It 's a great purchase for the price . I will be buying more .
 I am so very happy and I take crystals seriously . I bought this one and a green one . They are so big ! And they are so reasonably priced one can buy several as small but very nice gifts . In fact I ' m going to buy more - for me !
 I am very happy with my purchase . I bought this to hang from my rear-view mirror in my car . The crystal is big , beautiful , and for a VERY good price . I ca n't believe how good of a deal this was !!
 I ca n't believe the quality of this prism for little money . The 40mm is a little smaller then a golf ball or like a large gum ball . I got some fishing wire and hung it up . Nice rainbows . Well worth the $ . Came wrapped very well and pretty quick . I will prob order more . Thanks crystal clear images for a great item . : -RRB-
 Hung this up today on my upper window . Even with a fading sunlight it still captures some light with multiple colors . I am ordering more to hung in my other windows . 5 stars . Came a day early via USPS . Well packaged . Crystal Clear Images the seller also gets 5 stars from me .
 I was very impressed with the quality and weight of this prism , considering that it was only $ 3 -LRB- including shipping -RRB- . I purchased it for use with lasers -- not as a furnishing -- and it works very well for my purposes .
 These are the perfect size to hang in the window . Not too heavy and big enough for rainbows . Beautiful quality . I ordered 10 and wish I had room for more .
 They made great gifts ! They were packaged well and received earlier than expected . I love how the sunlight hits them and sends rainbows all over your room .
 These are the best . Will be backto get alot more things that you have.Thanks a million times.Very good prices also .
 I am more than pleased with this item . It is beautiful . It hangs in my kitchen waiting for the morning sun .
 came in perfect condition , perfect for feng shui , beautiful crystal prism , would definitely recommend to anyone looked for crystal ball prisms !
 I have purchased many of these crystals and have given many of them to friends and family . They love the colors as the sun catches each one of the facets !
 I have purchased 5 of these now . They have a very beautiful sparkle and make many rainbows in my kitchen every afternoon .
 We have two of these hanging in our east facing window and it 's lovely to open the curtains in the morning and see the colors .
 My wife and I love the prisms . We hang them in our widows in nearly every room and get color patterns on walls and floors whenever the sun shines . Just be careful . they are easy to damage if they come into contact with a hard object or each other . The price is great .
 this is beautiful I will buy more at a later date for gifts . It really shines all over the place
 I bought both the 40mm and the 50mm . Both are clear , heavy and finely cut crystal . Arrived in perfect condition . Lovely mini rainbows all over the room . Cheery , happy addition to a sunny window .
 It is by far the least expensive gift my daughter received , but it is her favorite Christmas present . She received one of these and a teardrop shaped crystal as well . She calls them her `` diamonds '' and likes them more than her big new dollhouse . If your child is into shiny , crystal things , she will really like these . They do have a small hole in them so they can hang on a string . She has tried to wear them as a necklace but they really are too big and heavy for that . She just plays with them .
 I bought me a parir of two crystal ball , i just wished it came with a string so we can hang it . NOte
 Very beautiful crystals . I 'm so glad I bought several of these crystals . The price was fantastic , and they look gorgeous!I 'm using one as a serious feng shui cure . These crystals have really good energy.I look forward to doing business with this company again .
 I bought this to replace the star in Half Moon and Star weather vein . Really adds to it . Always beautiful .
 I got this for my inlaws and they hung it in their kitchen . The kitchen gets sun almost all day and they enjoy sending me photos of the rainbows .
 Wow , the sun just makes beautiful reflections all over the room ! The price is great and they make great gifts !
 GREAT QUALITY , HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT IS GREAT TO HANG IN A WINDOW OR ANY AREA OF YOUR HOUSE TO GENERATE POSITIVE ENERGY
 These are the perfect size for any spot in the house . They look great in windows -LRB- kitchen and bathroom especially -RRB- . They reflects the sunlight beautifully !
 I have bought so many crystals . I have one to three in every window of my house and am even sharing them with my neighbors so they can discover the wonders of rainbows in their home . It started as just a passing fancy , I thought they would be pretty , but then it grew into an obsession . LOL ! I can not get enough and the seller is great ! Quick and willing to replace if you have a problem ... but , I have n't with these crystals .
 I love this prism ! It cast a hundred tiny rainbows all over my kitchen . My children love it ! Thinking about ordering a few more . They ship from China so it took about 3 weeks for me to receive it , but it was worth it .
 So I ordered this cute Lil fellow and it arrived amazingly fast but sadly we had like 5 straight days of no sun in the mornings so this morning finally the sun made an appearance and there they were , all the beautiful little rainbows all over my kitchen and foyer . LOVE IT !!! My 2 & 4 year old love finding all the rainbows . Thanks for a wonderful product !!
 This arrived well packaged , with no damage . It is big and heavy . But it is tinged slightly yellow , which is unfortuneate .
 All I can say is , wow . Talk about beautiful . I hung mine at my front door . When the Sun light hits it . Wow . The good thing is , they ship fast , package perfectly , and the prisms are gorgeous . Will order more for each entrance to my home .
 There are many different kinds of prisms that refract light in different ways and at different lengths . With its many small , clean edges , this crystal ball prism makes an abundant supply of beautiful , small rainbows . I bought it to teach my son about prisms and what happens to light as it passes through . He plays with it often using a flashlight to refract the light onto the walls . The prism is heavy since it is made of 30 % leaded glass , so if you 're planning on hanging it , you 'll need some strong string or wire . It makes for great science learning while providing a beautiful light show on the walls !
 I used some dental floss to hang it . The baby loves to watch the rainbows it makes . The suns rays needs to hit it at a certain angle .
 This is a good sized prism which throws lots of tiny rainbows . Very pretty . However , its very solid and heavy . Hanging from my rearview mirror I was afraid it would swing and bust the glass so I had to replace it with something else . Product is good , just did n't suit my needs .
 Spectacular rainbow flooding the room ! Hung it on the porch and it sent rainbows everywhere ! Truly , truly spectacular . Perfect gift for brightening someone 's day .
 This crystal is a great size . It give off awesone colored facets on the walls , when reflecting in full sun
 I bought half a dozen of these to hang in my windows , and when the sun hits just right , my entire condo is covered in flecks of color . Really pretty , and kind of a nice , cozy atmosphere to come home to after a grueling day at work !
 This was lovely gift at a reasonable price that I gave my 5 daughter-in-laws and one daughter , to say they are special and hope the &#34; rainbows &#34; make them smile . They loved them ! The red string was a great accent touch .
 This was shipped fairly quickly and I loved it . Gave it away as a gift , so now I 'm going to order another couple for myself . It is n't quite &#34; golf ball size &#34; -- slightly smaller , which I was glad of , as golf ball size sounded a little too big to me . It cast hundreds of rainbows on the walls when I hung it in a sunny window .
 I bought several of these to give as gifts for the winter solstice . I strung beads on fishing line to personalize each one . I told my friends and family to hang in their window and welcome back the light . These prisms catch the sun and scatter rainbows everywhere ! So pretty and at an economical price !
 LOVE MY CRYSTAL BALL ... I WOULD LOVE TO HAVE THESE HANGING ALL OVER MY HOME JUST RIGHT WHERE THE SUN COMES IN ...
 crystals were larger than expected but are fantastic , will buy more sometime.i would recomnned any one to buy these crystals , the rainbows are great .
 Hey these are beautiful , I ordered 10 and every penny worth it . They came intact and in good shape . I hang them in each room above windows from the ceilings to move the energys .
 For the price it is a very good prism . It has many rainbows when the sun is shining on it !!!
 I find it hard to believe that you can sell such quality crystals at this price . Even with postage it 's like getting these beautiful prisims for almost nothing . I highly recommend this company .
 I love my rainbow maker . Makes hundreds of rainbows . The price was so unreal that I ordered one for my daughter too .
 Great prism . At first I bought a 50mm , but it seemed to dwarf my 29-inch narrow window , so I moved it to a room with a bigger window where it is glorious . I bought this 40mm for my smaller window . The rainbows do cheer up a small room . The prisms are jostled when I first open my blinds , which makes the rainbows dance around and entertain my cats . The cats have n't yet been able to knock the prisms down , and they do n't often try . At these prices I do n't worry about losing a prism .
 I bought this for a friend for a gift . She said they were beautiful . They were shipped quckly and we are both pleased .
 Defracts sunlight very well . Makes rainbows everywhere and is exactly as described . Item came on time and undamaged.Deffintitly worth the price
 The item arrived quickly and well packaged . It is hanging in my window now and casting the most beautiful array of light and color across the room . I have it hanging along with another crystal and they make a stunning pair .
 This features beautiful rainbows throughout my space complimenting other crystals hanging in my nine foot window and is a joy to behold . I was surprised at the cost because I have seen this particular piece sell for much more in most other offerings . The delivery and shipping arrived in good condition .
 wow the price is wonderful I saw the same one 's in the mall this year for 75.00 Im very happy thanks !
 These crystals are very pretty , and they are very heavy , I really like them ! Also , you ca n't beat the price !
 This was a very pleasant surprise . For the price I was not expecting this quality , clarity or refraction . It is approximately the size of a golf ball and is a very substantial crystal chandelier pendant . It has a faceted bottom with a slight point where the facets come together so it will not sit flat on a surface like a paperweight but rests nicely on its side . Its just under 2 inches from tip to bottom facet and about 1 3/4 in diameter at its widest point . The hanging hole is done well and is durable and will hang straight when suspended . Its very well balanced . The cuts are very clean and there was no scratches or imperfections or sharp edges . It may not be a `` brand name '' crystal but it is every bit as pretty as one . I bought this for our son who is fascinated with prisms . The acrylic prism just do n't refract like the glass ones and while I do n't recommend buying this for every boy out there , his teenage sister was so jealous over how pretty this was hanging in window she asked for one for her birthday . I am going to purchase several more of these in a smaller size to repair a `` brand name '' crystal light with chandelier type crystals . I have been holding off repairing it to do the obscene cost involved ... these crystal will make the repair appear seamless and cost 1/20th of the price ... highly recommend these items .
 These fit my David Smith Co -LRB- Seattle -RRB- steamers perfectly . The colors are vibrant , and the cushions are very comfy ! Nice price , too , as many other cushions of this type are even more expensive .
 This cushion fits my steamer chair so perfectly - really makes it look high end custom done . The print colors are even better in person - very mellow and classy - not punchy or cheap looking , and also not dull or lifeless - very pleased overall .
 Used this cushion on a different mfg. steamer chair and it fit just fine . The 2 inch foam is more like a 1 + inches but the price was right .
 This was just what I hoped for ... handsome , color was just as described and very comfortable . I am using it inside , so ca n't attest to it 's outside durability but it is certainly well-made !
 very good quaility for the price . stands up to water from the lawn sprinklers very well . The color is very nice .
 pillow fits nicely in the deck lounge and is very comfortable . Expensive but nice .
 This has been a very helpful tool , since we try to perform all of our own maintenance on our lawn equipment . Thanks for the timely manner in shiping this product to me .
 Out of impulse , I bought a liner/pump kit then built a planter-like container to make an indoor pond . One year and one day , the original pump died ! I opted for this model as a replacement , it was 4 years ago . Even the original liner gave in and was replaced with a more durable one , the pump was still going , 24/24 . Just last week , after some maintenance the pump stopped working . I was about to order another -LRB- di n't expect that it last 4 years -RRB- when curiosity got the better of me . I opened it out , and frankly , it was solid , how would it fail ? Turned out , debris had built up and made it difficult for the shaft to make the first turn . Once that was addressed , it started going again . I really do n't know how Rio stays in business the way they make their pump this solid !
 This has allowed us to enjoy our fountain for a couple of years beyond the original pump ... and it is still going !
 You get two of these in the package along with an assortment of crimp wire connectors . Great way to clean those wires up and the battery terminals and gives you a nice clean connection . These can even be used as a ground . Pricing was n't too bad . Good product .
 This product appears well made and very suitable for it 's purpose -LRB- conveniently adding auxiliary connections -RRB- . It appears to offer enough thread length to connect several accessories , etc. . The only problem I had is that it was the wrong thread size for my -LRB- 2002 Toyota Tundra -RRB- battery terminal , so I was unable to use it . The Amazon specification sheet does n't state the thread size . If it had , I might have avoided the problem .
 This item was just as described in the ad and arrived on time . It is nice to get a Great Deal .
 This is a quality sign . Just like a real street sign ! I was really impressed with the quality and the price was great too !
 Nobody has reviewed this product yet , so why not ... The sign arrived as advertized . Quality of the sign is good . Size matches description.If you think you are Superman then feel free to buy this sign and replace your city/town supplied street sign -LRB- check first to see if that is legal -RRB- with this and let everyone know Superman lives on your street .
 I needed new blades for my mower , and was finding the right blade difficult.The Maxpower Universal blade fitted well.Delivery time was excellent . Thanks Regards Paul
 Made a great gift , ordered two pairs , arrived seperatly . Grandmother loved them but winter time so has n't used them yet .
 We love this product immensely . It works great , for the month plus that we have had it , it has not needed new batteries . We love all the features on it , including humidity inside and outside , the atomic clock , and the capacity for more remote sensors . We plan to purchase another remote sensor for the upstairs of our house . The only thing that has not been helpful for us on it is the forecast picture . In the directions it says to put the remote sensor in an area that is not in direct sun , but in direct view of the sky -LRB- in my own words of course -RRB- . Well , I have found this to be difficult to accomplish . We have settled with out of direct sun . As a result the forecast goes from rainy , cloudy , and sunny , all within a day , with no possible chance here in California of having rain in the summer , so that part of the device is not useful at all . But the unit itself looks very nice , so we would recommend this product to anyone who does not care about the forecast part of it .
 We use this to monitor the temperature and humidity in our child 's room , it seems to vary from the rest of that floor of the house . What 's nice is that little remote unit -LRB- not shown in the picture -RRB- can be placed almost anywhere , so for example we keep it on a bookshelf near the crib and at the same height , so we get a reading that 's very specific to where our child is . That 's important , as readings can vary greatly even within a room.There are a few minor issues : - The little wire stand used to keep the remote unit upright could be improved , it falls out some of the time if I pick up the unit to read the temp and humidity . - It 's a little confusing to set up , but has n't needed attention in a long time since then . - I think we have the contrast turned up to maximum on the base unit . The little light is useful -LRB- and often necessary -RRB- to read the display.But it 's been very useful , reliable and accurate -LRB- as far as I can tell -RRB- hence the high rating for our needs.But our needs may vary from yours , so consider that : - We do n't use the weather forecast , if we need weather we just check the internet . - We also do n't bother with the atomic clock , I 'm not sure it works well in the northeast anyway . - Since we use it indoors , we have n't run into any issues others have with the sensor being outdoors in the weather.It can support up to two remote sensors , plus the base unit . -LRB- Only one remote sensor is included . -RRB- It can be set to display any two of the three locations.Battery life seems long on both the main unit and the remote unit , given that they are essentially on 24/7/365 . The remote sensor is aOregon Scientific THGR122NX Wireless Temperature/Humidity Sensor , if you 're wondering what it looks like or you want a second one .
 I ca n't live without this thing . It shows the humidity , which I love because I get hot really quickly , and if I know how it 's going to be outside for the day , I can dress for it.It has lasted a long time , even with the remote part that you put outside . It 's very accurate also.I recently lost it during a move , and am dying without it . I will purchase another one for sure !
 Great to get inside and outside temperature and humidity , batteries last long enough , signal reception of outside sensor is very good . For weather forecast , my Tissot T-Touch watch is a lot more accurate . The Oregon may not be fit for tropical weather . The atomic clock sync does not work in Brazil , we do not have the required radio stations .
 Blade arrived on time exactly as promised . Instructionsh are very easy . Came with plenty of parts . Fit on my machine just fine . Would order from here again . Blade does good mulching job
 A BEAUTIFUL ADDITION TO OUR FRONT FLOWER BED . EXCELLENT QUALITY AND PROMPT DELIVERY .
 This has really held up well for several years . The design is good and the pruners are easy to get in and out .
 I bought this as a gift for my teenage daughter when she purchased her car . Not only was it a big hit for her , but all of her friends want to know where she got it ... I ca n't say enough good things about this product !
 It was exactly as described and worked very well . Keeping all of the leaves out . All are happy . Thank you .
 This product lives up and surpasses all of it 's billing . Easy to install , accurate and the interface with the PC makes it something to use all of the time . Ca n't go wrong with this one .
 It 's a cover and it fits . What more can you say ? Seller was fast with shipping .
 I ordered a Broil Mate barbecue # 155154 made by Onward Manufacturing in Canada earlier from Amazon . I was so impressed by the barbecue that I felt I needed good protection for it , thus purchased their heavy duty grill cover , also from Amazon . The cover is well made -LRB- from China -RRB- to Onward 's design from heavy duty vinyl with a fuzzy cloth backing . To date , ambient temperatures have ranged from over 100 to below 30 and has remained flexible and easy to remove and install . This is important as we use our barbecue year around on the back deck . The cover is a quality companion to a quality barbecue , but will fit any barbecue of similar size .
 I love that it fits so perfectly and that it protects my grill from the elements . It 's easy to put on and take off . I definitely recommend this product !
 This cover is well made , heavy duty , and is a good fit . Good value for the cost . I would highly recommend this product .
 This is a heavy duty cover that fits perfectly on my BroilMate grill . It has a soft felt on one side and heavy vinyl on the other , with solid stitching , velcro straps to gather up the bottom , and a loop to hang up the cover when not in use . Highly recommended if the fit is right .
 I found this item to be of excellent quality and a perfect fit for my grill . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 Droll Yankees is the best bird feeder . Made from top notch material . It will last a long time .
 Very popular with the birds and the one squirrel that has learned to walk the tightrope where the feeder is suspended between the house and the maple tree about 50 feet up . Good quality , good design , good price , and we were able to add a little platform to the bottom .
 I 'm very happy with this arbor . It was easy to assemble , and is holding up well . Pleased with the product and price .
 So your thinking about a transfer switch but do not want a lot of remodel ... This one uses your exisisting elec box set up and fills the requirement of Isolating your generator from the power grid , which after all is the whole concept of a transfer switch . As always seek the advice of a qualified electrician , when you understand the game this one is simple to install . Never work on a circuit box `` hot '' , never assume anything is terribly easy , anything worth having is worth the effort , always wear clean underware .
 Great product ! I thought I needed a professional electrician to install it but after reading the detailed installation instructions , I decided to take a crack at doing it myself . It was quite easy and a professional could n't have done it any better if I may say so and it works great !
 The cover kit was very easy to install . I just removed 4 screws from the Transfer switch and replace them with the screws in the cover kit and that was it . It should have been included with the Transfer Switch .
 Great product ! My electrician said , he could not build a better kit for under $ 400 . He had everything he needed and it took him no more than a couple hours to install !
 I had my old blower going out and this was the only one that I found which would fit . It works fantastic .
 I do n't know about the product.I ordered for a friend and I know he is well pleased with it or I would hear about it I am sure !
 For anyone out there who may be searching for a replacement wood stove blower , I would highly recommend this item.I have spent over a year searching for a replacement blower to fit my out-dated wood burning stove . This centrifugal blower is exactly what I needed to complete my wood burning system and provide significant heat distribution.Excellent product and excellent price !
 Needed a replacement blower for an older woodstove . After pricing locally at over $ 300 I decided to purchase this one online . The blower fit perfectly and was very easy to install . Not too loud and works great . I wish they sent a high temp gasket for the flange where it connects to the stove but overall great .
 Bought this to replace my ancient burned-out , unlabeled/unknown blower that was probably installed about 30 years ago.I did a modicum of research and Fasco seemed like a decent enough choice , so I took some careless , semi-accurate measurements of the old blower and checked all the models at Fasco 's website -LRB- all models had measurements conveniently listed -RRB- and this seemed like the only model which was close enough to the guesstimated size so I just went with it . I had no clue what model of blower I was replacing so I was n't even positive that this new one would fit the old enclosure , but sure enough , it was an exact replacement . Yay!The blower comes bare-bones , with just 2 bare wires and a ground , but that 's exactly what I needed to replicate my old setup . The installation was straightforward and very easy . The blower runs nice and quiet through all ranges of the old speed control I used , and seems to be of quality construction . I 've used it a couple of times already and it has performed flawlessly.Shipping -LRB- purchased the item through CSH Incorporated -RRB- was very quick , with my order being shipped out on the same day it was placed.I 'm extremely pleased overall .
 Was very pleased with product.It was exactly the same as the old one.it was shipped in perfect condition and the price was great.Shipping was faster than they quoted me , verry pleaed with how the purchase went .
 Great replacement for my woodburner blower bolted right up to existing bolt pattern on stove works great easy to wire great product
 perfect replacement for my woodstove . it was a perfect fit . i also purchased the blower thermal switch both work great together
 ordered on tue got it on wed. ... how youall do that ... saved 30 dollars and did n't have to make the 50 mile trip to town perfect replacement works perfect
 I bought this blower to replace the circulating blower in my coal stove . It was an exact fit and only took about 15 minutes to replace and it works perfectly .
 This is exactly what we needed for our wood pellet stove-thank you so much ! Other than this one , we could n't find any parts compatible with our brand/model of stove , so this was truly perfect ! Thanks again !
 It 's too early to tell , but it appears that the mosquito population has been greatly reduced since plugging in the machine last month . There are still some around our pool , but not to the extent that were present all day long , prior to the `` mosquito traps '' use .
 This product works as well as my old mosquito magnet did and does not use expensive propane.It is easy to clean and cheap to run and buy . It starts with a flick of a switch , no propane to light.I recommend it .
 This gadget really works and looks nice outside , we even leaved out during the storm and is still working like the first day . Keeps the mosquito inside the unit and it is easy to clean .
 the mosquitoes have been really this year . investigated several devices in past year but this year had to get serious . reviews of various products seemed erratic so decided on the koolatron and one month in seems to be effective . back yard is now usable evening and mornings . the skeeters do n't seem to swarm . like it and will buy another next year for front porch . only with it could be used in the open . i have on a back porch with no problems .
 I was looking for something that can take care of the annoying bugs around my yard . This Mosquito trap seems to do the trick . Suck them in and dries them out .
 It fit 's a little tight . I think it will loosen up some as time passes . Double stitching on the seams appears to be well made . . Cost almost as much as the Total original purchase ...
 Seems a bit tight but hopefully will stretch out once out in the rain and heat . I was soooo happy to see it with the scalloped edges !! The pictures and description do n't show the scalloped edges and so I thought they did not offer it anymore . Very happy : -RRB-
 This was a Christmas gift . I have n't heard anything bad about it so it must be what they wanted .
 We ordered both the mailbox & the post & direct-buried the post . The mailbox is heavy & very sturdy . We 've already had a car back into it & the car ended up with a LOT more damage than the mailbox -LRB- we bent the metal piece back & there is no rust showing so far -RRB- . The mailbox functions well & our key does n't stick . Some boxes wo n't fit into the hopper -LRB- & we knew this might happen thanks to an earlier review -RRB- , so this is an occasional issue . Overall , we are happy with our choice .5 months later
 This is a very good secure mailbox for receiving your mail while on an extended trip or just a day or two . It is annoying when you have your mail held at the Post Office and you arrive home from a trip after they have closed either for the day or for the weekend and you can not get your mail . We receive our medications by mail and this mailbox keeps the curious at bay . I would suggest waxing the inside of the top section where the incoming mail is placed to ensure that it drops to the bottom secure chamber . We have had the mail hang up a few times because of the rubber band around the mail bundle.The directions state the handle should be 41 '' to 45 '' to the roadway surface . However the Post Office wants 49 '' from the handle to the roadway because of truck mounted delivery . Our mail carrier wishes it was installed higher than the present 43-1/2 '' . With this mail box you pull open the door which opens on an angle to the mail person and they drop the mail in the box instead of the traditional way of pulling down a door and placing the mail in the mail box . She is making out just fine-she never saw one of these mail boxes before so she is learning .
 I have to say this is the nicest mailbox I have ever used in my life . One thing I was a little disappointed in was the fact that you can not have a lot of outgoing mail . The little clip inside is not big enough to hold very much mail at one time . It needs to have another clip inside . We use it at a business and we have a lot of mail going out at one time . I have had to split up my mailing so it will all fit .
 This is a great mailbox to help prevent identity theft . Solid locking mailbox that holds alot . Made very well and should last a long time . Excellent design !
 5 yrs from now everyone will have a secure mailbox . It works great for most packages and mail .
 After having my mail stolen at Tax time . I searched for a nice looking , locking mailbox and found the Oasis . I built mine into an existing brick constructed mailbox , do n't know if I would put it on there optional pedestal . All around it is a quality , heavy duty mailbox , although maybe a little on the expensive side .
 A nice mailbox and certainly more secure that what 99 % of the public has . My only complaint is the lock . It is cheap , the aluminum key is hard to get into the lock and hard to get out of the lock . -LRB- Aluminum keys are easily bent . -RRB- I used some WD-40 which helped a little but I am not satisfied with the lock . I would advise having some lock deicer as well . My lock froze after a cold , near freezing rain . I am shopping for a better quality lock .
 Was for my own home . Match the color of my house exactly . Certainly added value to my property ! Thank you
 This is a great mailbox . It is actually huge , which came as a surprise . But this way it can hold weeks of mail and even small packages.The openings are weather-stripped and all hinges operate smoothly -LRB- i.e. no cheap paint job -RRB- .
 It 's a mailbox and it works.I 've owned for two months.Difficult to get intoFairly dust free despite being around new construction and dirt lots with wind so EVERYTHING is dusty.Dry when it rains.Of note , you only need this and the post . Amazon suggested an attachment of some sort for me that I did n't need . Just the post and mailbox is perfect.Be sure to check out dims . I 'm the house on my block with the big mail box . It is a bit large.Overall I am pleased .
 This is a high-quality product . It is well-made and is finished well . The entry door is designed and operates much like a standard , US post office , mailbox . When open , the rear portion of the door blocks access to the lower chamber of the box . Mail drops from behind the entry door into the lower chamber , when the door is closed . The door to the lower chamber is secured from the outside front by a keyed lock . The mailbox itself is all painted , heavy-gage , steel construction . It should not be easily damaged by inclement weather conditions or light impacts . It is doubtful a single swing of a bat or club would severely damage it . I also doubt if an exploding plastic soda bottle would do serious damage to the box.The security level is low , but sufficient to prevent the casual passerby from reaching in and extracting items . However , I feel quite sure the lock could be easily picked and the lower chamber door could be pried open by a determined thief.The box has a flag and the entry door has an inside-mounted clip to hold outgoing mail , for those individuals whom utilize mail pick-up from their home mailbox . However , there is no security with this feature.Those who want to mount the mailbox on a post should consider purchasing the optional 46-1/2 in . long , tubular steel , mounting post . They may also want to embed the post in concrete . It will require about one -LRB- 1 -RRB- cubic foot of concrete -LRB- apprx . 150 lb -RRB- . The mounting plate on the post fit right up w / the four -LRB- 4 -RRB- mounting holes in the underside of the mailbox . Threaded-fasteners are supplied w / the post . It makes a great looking and highly-functional , finished package.One additional thought , those homes on motor routes that have newspaper delivery will have to retain their present newspaper receptacles as this box has no provision to receive and hold a newspaper . Although , a newspaper receptacle could be mounted to the side of the mailbox , the highest point on the mailbox mounting post is too low for directly mounting the paper receptacle.Update as of 10/18/2012 : The mailbox continues to function well w/o a failure of any component . Painted surfaces continue to hold-up well , too . However , there are a couple of minor issues w / the box . First , larger items may not always drop into the lower chamber although they fit into mouth of the box . When the door is closed they do not clear the back edge of the flap and drop . Thus , they could be pulled back out of the door defeating the security feature . I 'd categorize this as a design flaw . Second , birds like to perch on the flat top surface of the box and it tends to accumulate bird droppings . This can be unsightly and messy .
 This mailbox works great ! It is very secure and has plenty of room in the locking compartment to hold lots of mail . This is actually my second mailbox . The first one was going strong at five years before being struck by a road maintainer . It hit so hard that it knocked the mailbox out of the ground along with the 160 pounds of concrete it was set in . The only damage was an unsightly dent on the side . The County paid for a new mailbox so I bought the exact same one and reused the steel post . Oasis mailboxes are built to last !
 Very sturdy built , items like magazines can get caught half way in the shute . Hopefuly mail person will notice and jiggle shute .
 i really like this mailbox . it looks big enough to hold at least two weeks worth of mail or a few video tape size packages.i did have to get a help having it installed on my existing post which was n't square and did n't accept the mounting plate available for order .
 This is a very high quality mailbox with heavy gauge metal , careful seam work , and excellent finish . I only wish the door was designed for larger boxes and the lock compartment was in the back .
 This is the second Oasis mailbox we 've purchased . We liked the first one enough to replace it with the same model . The first one was hit by a truck , which warped one side enough to make it unusable and pulled the post half out of the ground . Unfortunately the driver of the vehicle did not come back to let us know what happened , but we still have the passenger side door handle of his truck if he sobers up enough to remember where he lost it .
 The items arrived very quickly and except for one missing bolt was in good condition . The installation is rather straighforward with the post set in lots of concrete . There have been no complaints from the Postal Service and it does its job as expected .
 I installed this mailbox in less than an hour in dirt , using the matching post -LRB- purchased here as separate item -RRB- , with fence post concrete . Any minimally handy person can install it into dirt . If installing on top of concrete it would be harder but not impossible -LRB- I think they have a different post for that -RRB- . I got this box because it is large and approved by the postmaster . I do n't know what the approval signifies though . As a locking mailbox , the ease of use , size and security are great so far .
 BY FAR THE BEST MAIL BOX I HAVE EVER PURCHASED ... I HAVE OWNED OTHER MAIL BOXES BUT THE QUALITY OF THE OASIS AND THE WAY THE INCOMING MAIL SLOT IS MADE MAKES THIS MAILBOX # 1 ... IT IS SIMPLE TO INSTALL BUT UNLESS YOU 'RE VERY HANDY I WOULD SUGGEST YOU BUY THE POST THAT IS SOLD WITH THE MAILBOX ... AMAZON HAD THE BEST PRICE , WITH FREE SHIPPING ...
 This is a very large , very well-made mailbox . I recommend it.The top security drawer now has an extension on it which may address concerns that somebody could reach in . Since the box is 20 inches high , reaching in is close to impossible either way . The trade-off is the drawer increases security but also means no boxes can fit in . Cutting the security drawer shorter to make it easier to put boxes in would be very , very difficult -LRB- only way I can even think of would be to use a pneumatic cut-off tool -RRB- . White is good to minimize baking the mail , especially for folks who get their prescriptions by mail.I had a steel post welded up and Line-Xed it . The 4 box mounting holes are on approx . 4 '' by 10 '' centers so a regular post would be too narrow ; there are wide synthetic posts at Lowes & Home Depot or you could use 2 wood 4x4 mailbox posts . Then I used stainless bolts with stainless fender -LRB- big diameter -RRB- washers.This is not a safe . The mailbox -LRB- just like your house -RRB- could be broken into -LRB- or pulled out of the ground -RRB- -LRB- I used 3 80 pound bags of concrete -RRB- . It is not `` mailbox baseball '' proof , but probably ` resistant . ' If ` mailbox baseball ' is a problem in your area , then have a welding shop make you a mailbox .
 forget people 's negatives ! If you need a mailbox , not a bank vault , then this is your baby !
 I do n't know one way or the other about this mailbox ... since I have n't SEEN it yet -LRB- so I gave it the benefit of the doubt -RRB- -- one other reviewer said the Oasis Mailbox was available at Home Depot for $ 99 . It 's not ; it 's the Oasis * Jr. * that they stock , I discovered after a fruitless trip there . -LRB- And to think I said that review was helpful to me ! -RRB-
 See above
 Sturdy , large and worth the money . Easy to install and arrived on time . Large capacity allows for packages to be dropped off .
 After having a CHEAP plastic mail box for three years and always afraid of someone breaking into it , I now feel very safe having this heavy metal mail box so securely mounted outside our office !!
 Works perfect for a `` lockbox '' to receive checks in mail . Very sturdy construction . Hopper style allow the receipt of packages
 Got this mailbox to go into a stone and paver column and it was perfect for the job . It 's very well made , water tight , and easy to open with the key.So far it 's handled all of our mail and most of our packages without any trouble.Would definitely recommend .
 Im using this box for coin drop ins which kids are collecting and it serves the purpose one hundred percent , Thanks for amazon giving me the right item i was needed
 A very secure mailbox . Lots of room for your mail and small packages even if you do not pick it up for a few days . Easy to install with a few basic tools -LRB- would not recommend installing in inclement or very cold weather -RRB- . Probably the only real risk to the box is some adventuresome adolescent placing a lit M80 in the tilt out drop and running away quickly , and that would only destroy the mail inside -LRB- if present -RRB- . The box itself is very sturdy.The installation mount for 4X4 posts -LRB- sold seperately -RRB- could be reinforced a bit -LRB- if you are mounting the mailbox in that way -RRB- . The base part that attaches to the mailbox is really easy to work with and sturdy , but the anchors that mount it to the 4X4 post are too short -LRB- they extend only about two inches down the post -RRB- and use only 1 inch screws . In our rural area that would make knocking the mailbox off of the post quite easy , especially because it is quite heavy.I was able to reinforce the mount with 12 inch and 16 inch galvanized steel straps -LRB- one on each side of the post -- alternating lengths -- available for a small cost at the local hardware store -RRB- . I drilled through the anchor plating to match the strapping and used a 2 inch X 1/4 inch diameter lag screw with washer at slightly different heights and horozontal positions to drive through the overlapping anchor plate and the top of the strap to really secure the whole mounting plate -LRB- all holes pre-drilled -RRB- . The Mailbox is added after the plate is secured so that modificication can be done in your shop . Then I anchored the strapping lower down the post at different levels on each side with the same lag screws/washers . Just to be sure I added two inch galvanized deck screws to the part of the base plate that was not covered by the extra strap and at several places along the strap as well . I considered drilling a hole in the bottom of the mailbox centered over the post and drilling a hole down the center of the post for a much longer lag screw -LRB- 9-12 inches -RRB- or a similar diameter spike -LRB- I have a 16 inch long 3/8 inch drill bit -RRB- . I decided against that for now because our community may be changing the location of the mailboxes and providing a mounting platform which would make the mounting plate unnecessary . If the strapping proves to be insufficient to prevent vandalism , I may add that at a later date.The mailbox itself is s great pruduct and I highly recommend it .
 I have had this mailbox installed for 2 1/2 years now . It works flawlessly . I 'm frequently away from home for weeks at a time and this mailbox ensures that my mail is safe and secure . The metal is heavy gauge ... no corrosion at all since installation and no leaking inside the box . I purchased the oasis mounting post and it was easy to install and very sturdy . Highly recommended all around .
 A couple of years ago , we had an epidemic of mailbox baseball that destroyed several of our mailboxes . We get a lot of mail so we want a large mailbox which increases the target size for the vandals . When we put up the Oasis mailbox , it stood fine until recently . A driver coming down our street swerved to avoid a deer and hit the mailbox . It took an automobile to break the box . That 's good enough for us . We bought another one .
 the very solid and well built mailbox is perfect for a contemporary home and very secure in it locking mechanism and large mail storage space .
 We installed this at our medical office because of a conflict with the post office . The bottom is pretty large and holds everything except XRays .
 This locking mailbox is sturdy and easy to install and use.However , we bought it especially because we order quite a few books -LRB- from Amazon , of course -RRB- , and we wanted these treasures to be secure if we were away when the mail came . This mailbox is designed to make it just about impossible to insert anything thicker than one inch unless it bends easily . We convinced the thing to do what we wanted by removing an extension piece from the inner door and bending back the top of the inner frame -- now it can accept a box 2 x10 x 12 . That was NOT easy.We wish the manufacturer had planned for small package delivery .
 I researched several locking mailboxes for the benefit of 104 homeowners in my neighborhood . I did a careful hands-on comparison of the Oasis -LSB- not Oasis Jr -RSB- and theMail Boss -LRB- see disclosure below -RRB- . Advantages to each , but I preferred the Mail Boss overall.Advantages of Oasis : - - Hopper style door will accept some thicker packages up to appx 4 '' x 6 '' x 12 '' . Mail Boss max
 My wife and I liked the style of this mailbox , so we bought it . It has a locked storage compartment , so you can go away for a week and not have to stop the mail . It appears well made with heavy gauge steel -LRB- and the mail stays dry when its raining outside -RRB- . Because its rectangular , you want to make sure the post is plumb while it sets in concrete . You could always shim the mailbox with washers to trim it later if need be.Only issue is that it takes a bit of wiggling to get the key into the lock -LRB- the key hole weather shield sticks a little -RRB- . Overall we are very satisfied with this mailbox .
 The mailbox construction is top quality , no surprises . The instructions provided were also accurate . One issue is that my postman turns large envelopes -LRB- 9 '' x 13 '' -RRB- and the weekly free ads such that they do n't fall into the drop area below . They 're sitting in the top deposit door , so I always check in the locked drop area below AND pull the top door down , and find items in both locations . It makes me worry a little about going away for a few days - is it all going to be stuffed in the top hopper ? One of the reasons that I purchased this mailbox was so that I would n't have to put my mail on hold anymore when I go away . On the other hand , the normal-sized envelopes seem to fall below . The bigger items , which have a higher probability of being junk mail , are the ones that do n't drop .
 This Oasis mailbox arrived quickly and in good condition via UPS . I bought the 5100 which is larger than the 6200 . It is large but will accept small packages and hold mail for a few days . Regarding the in ground post , the recommended post is the 5105 which is 46 '' high . If you mount it 2 feet deep to ensure it is sturdy , it may be a bit low . What I found out from Architectural Mailboxes is that the Coronado in ground post -LRB- 5525 -RRB- is also designed for the mailbox . It is 53 '' high and costs the same . So buy the 5525 post if you want to mount it deeper and ensure a good height . This tip apparently applies to the 6200 mailbox as well which you may want higher as it is a smaller box . The Coronado post has the same size and bolts and it fitted fine . Call Architectural Mailboxes if you want to verify .
 This mailbox is a very secure . We were constantly worried about the possibility of identity theft from our rural box , but no more . The mailman inserts the mail in the top ; it falls to the bottom , and then you retrieve it by opening the bottom box with a key . It is heavily built and looks nice , too .
 This is a large mailbox and worth the extra cost . It is more secure than the ones I have looked at in the local Lowes and Home Depot ! It is easy to install and looks great at the roadside edge .
 The order was received on time and in great condition . The mailbox and post were simple to install . It is working out great for us .
 When we decide to replace our mailbox , we went through the neighboring blocks and went on-line to see what 's available . We found the Oasis mailbox has the best design in medium to small size residential mailbox , prvides the best protection of your mail from weather and theft . After we received the mailbox we are also impressed by its heavy metal contstruction and the quality of craftmenship . We think this would be the last time we have to replace our mailbox again .
 This mailbox was ordered a few weeks before Christmas , but it was delivered to our home in 4 days . It was expected that it would take longer to get the mailbox . The mailbox itself is just what we needed to keep our mail secure when we are gone from home for several days . The mailbox is sturdy and and mates with the post with strong bolts that can be secured . It is also very attractive . I am very satisfied with this purchase .
 Product as described . Mail carrier has no trouble delivering to it . Well-built , smooth operation and good weather seal . The post needs to be set in concrete . Maybe not as secure as a P.O Box , but a lot more convenient and cheaper in the long run .
 The Oasis Architectural mailbox is a solid , well engineered locking box that will accomodate a fair amount of mail , even small packages . Occasionaly , the oversize periodicals get tripped up in the dump tray from top to bottom , but otherwise it holds several days mail very securely . My thoughts for improvement would be to provide some sort of stop for the lower drop down door so it does n't swing all the way down and hit the bricks below , and to make it even more attractive with some detailing/trim on the exposed front/sides and perhaps even some metallic finishes ?
 I bought one and now half my block has the exact same . The peace of mind knowing no one can take your mail is awesome . It holds quite a few days of mail for those families that travel . I love not having to depend on the postal service to stop our mail when traveling .
 The Oasis security mailbox is very well constructed and shows attention to detail in its assembly . It has a large opening for small parcels , it is weather tight and was shipped without delay .
 I was perfectly satisfied with the quality of this flag . Description said made in USA and it seems to be holding up very well .
 I 've had this flag for over 2 years and although it is a little faded , it still looks great and I am still very proud of it and happy with my purchase . There has been no fraying and no loose stitches anywhere on the flag .
 This flag , made in America , is everything you would expect in a flag . I would n't know what would upgrade it . It 's great . The `` Shipping '' was charged at $ 6.00 but the actual cost was $ 2.07 . They need to price the flag correctly or get truthful about the shipping .
 Our second flag , first one last 2 years in the winds and sun of New Mexico . Great flag , perfect size for us , great service . Thanks , Jim
 I only buy US flags made by US manufacturers . I 'm all for free trade , but this is an exception . I believe all US flags should be made by US workers .
 My husband has difficulty taking off his shoes due to Parkinsons Disease and this solved the problem -- Thanks so much !
 I 'd been looking for a boot jack that would n't scratch up my fancy `` cowboy '' boots . This fits the bill . The heel spot seemed narrow and I was concerned about the that at first but it did n't affect how great this jack is at getting snug boots off the foot
 There was a time when I wore cowboy boots and owned many pairs , and the boot jack I had was indispensable . Unfortunately I gave away all my boots :--LRB- and the boot jack with them . I once again find myself in need of a boot jack and I found the one . You want this Jack because of the suede in the heel grip . Without it your boots would get scratched to death.It 's the only way to go . No more straining to pull off your kicks .
 I bought this for my husband who loves his 2 pairs of boots and I admit he looks good in them BUT I hated having to help pull them off . This boot jack is awesome and works wonderfully ! No more pulling from me !
 Really shoe horn , all the parts were there and everything worked just fine will tell all my friends to buy .
 I would recommend this product ! It has worked well for me . I would recommend this product ! It has worked well for me .
 It is not a very glamourous product but it does the job . Simple and well built , this product has been better than the plastic ones I have owned before . It was money well spent on a product that most people do not give much thought to , except when the boots are muddy or covered with snow .
 Does a good job and came when it was supposed to come . The only drawback I 've found is the opening is smaller than my heel so I sometimes have to pull my boot off twice .
 The item arrived the day after I ordered it . Perfect timing as I was wearing my new , hard-to-take-off cowgirl boots to a dance class that night . Returned home and popped the boots right off . I 'd never used a boot jack before and was n't sure how helpful it would be , but I could n't ask for anything better . The price was great , the shipping faster than promised , and the item pretty cute , in a rustic sort of way .
 a very functional boot remover ... 2nd one i 've purchased ... . so very easy to remove my cowboy boots ; would n't be w/o one ...
 I have been using the LaCrosse Alpha series of boots for years . But as I get older they are harder to remove . I knew of boot jacks for but just never made the connection . Well I never thought of them much . Then one day a saw a photo and realized that was what I needed . Came to Amazon found these and ordered them . They do the job and are durable . I know longer dread having to take the boots off .
 This thing is n't elegant . It looks like it was made by my son in 8th grade shop class . But it 's inexpensive and it works . And should n't a boot jack look rustic ?
 Started using these when I started English riding back when I was 8 years old . Have continued to use them with riding and fashion boots ever since .
 this thing takes off your boots so good . it takes them off better than any other boot takeroffer , thats why i love it
 Taking off my boots has never been easier ! I wear my boots even more now since they are so easy to take off .
 great little product but i suggest you glue some leather to the area that grabs the boots to prevent any possible scuffing
 I purchased this for my husband and he loves it !!!! Does just what its made for . Great price for the quality .
 This boot jack is very efficient in helping to remove tight boots without strain or bending over . Another reviewer thought the opening was too small for an adult boot but they apparently did not know how to use it .
 It was cheap to buy and works great , if you are not into esthetics then you will be pleased . It has all the same components as the more expensive models , it 's just not finished as well and so the price matches the finished product . No attempt is made to hide the numerous staples and if you want one to show off in your foyer then buy the more expensive one . If you are buying it for it 's function then by all means buy this one . Works just like the more expensive ones , `` just ai n't as pretty . ''
 The only reason I did n't give this a 5 star is because of the time it takes to flip this jack into place . It is definitely not a deal breaker just irritating when it flips over before I get my other foot to hold it in place . But once that bad boy is in place it works like a charm !! I pull of my gym shoes with it ; my Uggs boots , Minnetonka boots , and all other boots I have as well as my cowboy boots . I love the felt lining arount the edges so it does n't scar my suede boots when I am taking them off . I am about to purchase one for my mom . A Must Have for boot owners !
 works great for what I needed and thats as a calf muscle strecher also works well in taking off my boots
 I had never heard of such until I visited my brother-in-law for a vacation . We had boots and he pulled this jack out ! It is perfect for takig off your boots with ease . If you have boots , you need a jack !
 My hubby loves this , easy off with the work boots at the end of a long and hard work day .
 Excellent value . I looked at a much higher priced boot jack and this was just as good for a much better price .
 Stop torturing yourself to get boots off , or looking for someone to pull them off . This boot jack makes taking off boots a breeze . Simple to use and well constructed . Do n't go for expensive boot pulls , this one is great for the price . The Boot Jack Natural is a `` must have '' in his or her closet .
 I use the boot jack to take off my muddy , grubby Welleis after a day in the yard . It 's great . No more filthy hands and no more falling over trying to get the boots off .
 It is a nice simple device for removing cowboy boots . It is not a work of art , so do n't expect one . It is cheap and it works . It looks like a little kid made it in shop class . I would buy another for the price , but who needs more than one ?
 I had these as a child & have NOT been able to find-tho hit the jack-pot with Amazon !! EVERYONE in my home - No Matter What Size ... finds life easier with a good boot jack ! Living in Chicago we wear boots EVERY DAY and we have a boot jack at the front & back door ! I even sent to friends for gifts ... Love this Boot Jack !
 Other reviewers have commented negatively on how `` cheaply '' made this boot jack is . And it is rather simple in its design and construction . But let 's face it , ALL it has to do is grab your heel and help pull your boot off . Which it does VERY well . One guy complained that the space for the heel was too narrow ... that 's the way they 're supposed to be ; you only want your heel wedged in at the outer edge of the curvy part . For anyone with arthritis or just does n't want to pull off their boots manually , this little baby is worth its weight in gold .
 I know I am anal-retentive , so this is n't a fair review ... but I bought this product for my husband -LRB- forner Navy -RRB- to put in his garden , and when it showed up , I had to scrape some excess yellow paint from the rock where it did n't belong ... and the word `` Navy '' at the bottom is not centered . It drives me nuts . But , He loves it - and that is all that matters . - also important to note that this is n't a purchase for Chicago breezes . It is n't heavy , and it 's solid/hollow , so you ca n't fill it with rocks to keep it from blowing away .
 I have purchased several of these garden stones with the army crest on them , I have a memorial garden and flagpole on my property in memory of the soldiers from my unit in Vietnam who gave thier all . This stone was the perfect addition to the memorial .
 I bought this product for my dog who had passed . Ive been looking everywhere for stones and couldnt find anything in a good price range . But then I find this stone . I love it . Its perfect ! BUT I havent put it out side . I live in WA and im somewhat worried about the picture getting wet . Even though it came with a lamination type clear plastic . Its tottally worth the money I paid !
 I really like the memorial stone ; but , had trouble with plastic part that goes over photo ... broke while trying to get backing offvery brittle
 Well I was searching for a solar military rock when I found this one ! I thought it was a solar rock , but it was n't , but it was bigger than I thought and it is perfect when I put a solar spot light on it ! It is just right in my landscape ! Thank-You so much !
 I had purchased this as a gift for an army vet . for father 's day . He loved it . He 's into gardening and it looks beautiful in the flower bed .
 I ordered these to put around the flag pole in my yard . Looks great & durable . I ordered all branches of the Military .
 I love having this on my porch to display my pride of serving my country . Anyone that comes to my home sees it and knows we are a military family . The only issue I have with this product is that the white area chips/peels off . It did n't last but a couple of months before it started coming off from average weather conditions .
 Product is great and just what I was looking for at the time.Now I have seen the same stone with a place for a number for the address of my home . Any suggestions you may have of where I may find the product ?
 I must admit , I 'm pretty content with the over all transaction of this item . Jason with amazon was a pleasure working with and address every concern I had . Not only was the buying process easy and fast but the shipping literally only took 2 days -LRB- mind you I do have Prime -RRB- The item came packaged safely and came in tacked . I have used this item before and with the light weight of this item , sure beats the heck outta the rest of the brands similar where it wears out your for arm rather fast . It 's great for weeding and sure makes it a breeze to plant with . Not to argue with the previous commentor , but I have had no issues with this item bending . Maybe a lil to much muscle involved . Who knows , everyone 's different : -RRB-
 Ordered carb and it arrived quickly from Amazon . It was a exact replacement and went on with no problems . They recommed an aviation high temp gasket sealer but I had to use a Permatex high temp gasolene resistant sealer . Worked OK .
 This is a light weight plastic but very pretty . I would n't expect it to hold a huge hose but it works well with a small one . Easy assembly and install . ca n't complain . : -RRB-
 After looking for an iron hose hanger I came across this one on Amazon.com and decided for under $ -LSB- ... -RSB- to give it a shot and I am glad I did . It looks just like the expensive iron ones for a fraction of the cost and has a 2 year warranty . It looks nice , easy to hang , and keeps my hose off the ground .
 It fit my craftsman weed whacker perfectly . The old one wore out after a few years of dragging it around the ground .
 This is the ultimate in convenience , testing for ph , alkalinity , free chlorine and stabilizer . I have used them before , and I came back as a satisfied customer . I notice , however , that the test colors come through faded on these as compared to the strips I used previously . Also , it appears that sunshine can change the reaction , turning the color pad darker . I think Aquachek missed an opportunity to partner up with a spa chemicals company to recommend additives . After I get a test result , I am sometimes unsure exactly what chemicals the tub needs to be crystal clear . For example , are n't ph and alkalinity essentially the same thing ?
 The product was packaged perfectly , arrived on time . It was new like it said it would be and I would buy this product from this company again , anytime .
 Not much to say here . This is what you get when your catridges need replacing on your AP-DWS1000 Drinking Water System . Our AquaPure just stopped working one day ; the water would n't flow out . It 's because we hit the 625 gallon limit . So , that 's the `` clear indication '' you need to buy the new cartridges . When you replace the old ones , be sure to have a mixing bowl or bucket to catch the water that will spill out . I checked with company -LRB- which is owned by 3M -RRB- . Unfortunately the old cartridges can not be recycled at this time . What a waste ! That 's why I deducted one star.Anyway , putting in the replacements is pretty easy
 The filters were surprisingly easy to install . The instructions provided in the package were well written and understandable and I had my new filters in place and operational in a minimal amount of time . Our water is now drinkable again.As for the vendor , we received the order in the amount of time stated -LRB- 7 - 10 days -RRB- and had no billing errors so we 're happy on that front as well .
 These filters produce very , very good tasting water . I 've had the Aqua Pure for well over a year and could n't be happier . There is nothing else that really needs to be said .
 These same filters used to be rated for twice the life . My plumber , for his own system , resets the dial and doubles the life of the cartridges . Would be nice to have actual test results but I am following my plumber 's advice anyway .
 The table was easy to assemble and is very sturdy . The plastic is of a heavy guage and NOT flimsy . I purchased this table for the kids playroom as the kids have grown out of the little tikes type tables . The overall size of the table is big enough yet not too big for the room . I like that the seats/benches are attached to the table as one unit so that there is no concern for a child falling over like what could happen with chairs . I do recommend that an electric screw driver/drill be used for attachment of the brackets to the benches .
 I 've received and tried these great tables . I 'm sorry I only ordered four . Even though I 'm small , I can manage these tables - all 4 by myself ! They fit in the back of my SUV and in my camper . My bruiser children have already started using them as a jungle gym/stairmaster -- they are incredibly stable and sturdy . My only concern is the legs do n't lock in the folded -LRB- collapsed -RRB- position . If you hold them vertical it 's not a problem , but when rotated , one leg drops - I 'm using a canopy bungee to secure the two legs together for transport.Lori
 This table is lightweight and easy to move and store . We had this in a convenience store for our customers to sit at . Let me tell you it holds ALOT of weight !!! Would buy again !!
 I purchased this product to help elevate the deer fly population in my back yard . you spray this produce on a blue solo cup and walk around the yard , and amazingly all the deer flies fly on the cup and are trapped ! Great product . Thanks
 This fine aerosol spray for even and light distribution of tangle trap substance . The product does a great job & I am happy to not use messy tubes or tubs of the Tanglefoot product .
 This allowed me to continue using our portable water blaster for use around the yard . Now I get to spend hours cleaning off the sidewalks and driveway , what fun .
 Product as stated , saved a ton of money . Check at local Menards and I saved over $ 25.00 by purchasing it on Amazon . It was a replacement for the one I lost a spring from inside the handle from when I blew it out with compressed air . Be careful when winterizing .
 Bought the Karcher 91120140 Trigger Gun for my Karcher pressure washer . Thought it would be easier to order a replacement part on-line than run around town trying to find one to fit . The item was perfect , looked just like the original , except that the front thread end of the gun was male instead of female . Therefore , it did n't attach to my spray wand . I had to go to Home Depot and buy a double QD fitting to make the connection . While there I looked at their replacement wands . Now I know it would have been cheaper and easier to just buy a universal wand from HD .
 My original Karcher trigger gun lasted about five years . With this OEM product my pressure washer now performs like it did when it was new .
 This is a no brainer if you broke your trigger part on the Karcher pressure washer - it all fits and works like new . good price and fast shipping
 These batteries seem to be working fine ; we had worn out our original two batteries for our weed eater , and hoped to be able to keep using it as it was in good shape . These batteries were just right and now I ca n't use dead batteries as an excuse not to trim the edges of the lawn any more .
 I have a lot of tools that use this battery . So when my old ones would n't charge anymore I searched for a replacement . Delivery was fast and charging was quick and easy . Could n't be any happier
 Lightning fast shipping ! I ordered on Saturday and had it by Tuesday of the next week . The battery is brand new -LRB- as described -RRB- and if funds had permitted , I would 've ordered another one.Thanks !
 This grass seed by Scott is fast growing and can be used to fill in bare spots or broadcast existing lawns . Loosen the soil in bare spots , cover seed with some soil , keep area watered -LRB- watch for hungry birds -RRB- and you will have success .
 I am using these large bags as a something to hold large amounts of paper recycling -LRB- from the shredder , etc. -RRB- . I am lucky enough to have curb-side paper recycling , but my area is picky with regard to how the recyclables are presented . These bags seem to be working .
 I like the paper yard bags very much . They stand right up there with their tops wide open , and are much easier to fill than floppy plastic bags . The fact that they are biodegradable and do n't add indigestible clutter to landscape is a huge added plus . :
 I love these bags . They are strong enough to stand up on their own . I use them in my house to toss all of our recyclable items into and then just take it out to the bin when it is full . Sure makes it a lot easier than having a bunch of little bags or bins around , espeically since we do n't have to seperate all our our stuff by type .
 These bags are incredibly durable . I needed a way to deal with the debris as I cleared overgrown blackberry brambles . The bags never ripped , even though I packed them snugly . I was even able to reuse a few of the bags which is a good thing since they are somewhat expensive .
 I researched a lot of firepits . Ones that were more decorative some that had a ledge to put drinks or rest your feet on . They were all about $ 100 more or more then this one . I started thinking a lot about what we needed it for.We wanted for those nights where you want a small fire to enjoy with out getting the big built in one going that you have to watch and make sure all the ambers are out at the end of the night . Then I started to think if I am putting my beer on that ledge it is only going to get warm and gross , same with my feet , it would get too hot to rest them on there . This pit seemed like I can move it around very easily for when those times the locations seem to change sometimes . It is easy to clean up . The little poker they give you with it is a bit short and we use our longer one but it is good to use for other things with the firepit . Highly recommended for smaller fires ... if you want ragers , this is not the one for you ...
 We used this fire bowl throughout the winter for romantic nights and bought the smores/marshmellow sticks for family time . I would buy this product all over again - highly recommend !
 I tried following the instructions for small animals and nothing happened for two days . The mouse would happily go in and steal the peanut butter but the trap door never snapped shut . I was very unhappy about the product and was about to give up and read a couple of positive reviews to see if there were any tricks for setting this up.I have to agree that the instructions are horrible and you can not do anything if you try to follow that . The key is how you set the lever and the tray that holds peanut butter -- should be flat -LRB- parallel to the ground -RRB- . Everything has to be in a state of fine balance so that when the the tray moves even a bit , both doors snap shut at once . Yes , leave both doors open even for the smallest animal . Be sure to move the clasps to a lock position so the critter can not get out . This tiny guy was in our house , evading us for almost a week but the moment we set the trap right , he was caught in 15 minutes.Nice , humane product . Who needs the mess that follows killing . Peace !
 I got rid of two mice within hours of using this . They were easily released outside to the wilds of my backyard . I used peanut butter and good placement was critical . First one was hungry and trapped . The second was running away from his hiding place and the trap was placed right were I knew he 'd try to run through it . I was a bit concerned the traps would be flimsy , but they are nicely rigid . I doubt they 'd survive being stepped upon , but with normal use it should last years .
 I was somewhat reluctant to purchase this trap after reading a number of the three star or less reviews . However , the price sold the product , and I 've been very happy with my purchase.True , the trap does n't look up to handling a bear . But its a MOUSE trap . Its plenty sturdy for its purpose . Some reviewers note that it took them lengthy efforts to set the trap . This is n't my experience . I can set the trap in about 10 seconds . I 'd suggest spending less time looking at the instructions , which are pretty poor , and just spending five minutes looking at the trap itself and figuring out how it functions . Once you understand it , its simple to use .
 Populations of chipmunks , voles and field mice have exploded this year . I bought this trap on Amazon to help reduce the destruction these pests cause to our property . This trap is a help in controlling them . It was delivered in a reasonable time and it performs as advertised .
 I 've owned six different types of rodent traps . This one has been the most consistent . It has even caught two birds ! -LRB- birds were surprised , but uninjured and released healthy -RRB- We have have many species of rodents around our house , but only two create a health problem or damage problem . This trap humanely captures all of them , and allows us to release the non-harmful rodents uninjured . The harmful rodents can then be euthanized humanely . This is the most humane and effective process for small animals I 've found so far . Yes , the trap can trip from strong winds , and yes it can be tripped without a catch . It 's also a one-shot deal so you get one animal per setting . We can live with this - nothing is perfect . The trap can be a little frustrating to set if you 've had too much coffee as well , but you get the hang of it.Update 7/10/12Be careful not to get the `` Grips '' livetrap which is a knock off of Havahart . The trigger wire does not have a flat spot which makes it very difficult to set and it trips without trapping frequently . Grips also appears to fall apart easily . The Havaharts have been catching mice , voles , chipmunks and ground squirrels more effectively than any other trap . Is also completely humane . We 're only after the mice and voles -LRB- they damage things -RRB- so we let the others go without injury . CHECK YOUR TRAPS OFTEN or these become quite IN-humane .
 Caught 5 mice in the garage in the first two weeks that I used it . Bought another for the basement . Just remember to release them at least 1000 yards away or they can find their way back to your home !
 This mouse trap actually works . It is very easy to use and safe on the fingers . I used the option of having one door closed and just one door open -LRB- rather than both open , it was easier to set up this way for me -RRB- I set it up the day after I got it ... went out and when I came back 4 hours later , the door was tripped and I had the mouse trapped inside the cage . I used a saltine cracker with peanut butter on it . Days/weeks . . before I got this humane trap ... . I was hearing the mouse , he was eluding me , and my cat , he was very smart . . I would find mouse droppings under the fridge , stove , shelves ... it was becoming very unpleasant and starting to smell , even tho I cleaned and re-cleaned . I was so frustrated that I bought the type of mouse traps that kill the mouse -LRB- even tho I do n't even like to kill bugs -RRB- and I could n't figure out how to use it without it suddenly snapping and flying out of my hands . . I went online to see how to set them and saw pictures of mice caught in them with their tail or leg caught and still alive and I just could n't do it . So I found this humane trap ... AND IT REALLY TRUELY WORKS ... and no suffering or cruel death has to take place . It was so easy to set up -LRB- much easier than the kill traps -RRB- , I caught the mouse on the first try , and then just reolcated the mouse outside far away from my home and others homes in an abandoned mill site . It 's metal , so after relocating the mouse , you just rinse out with the garden hose and it is ready to be reused . I am really glad I came across this and purchased it ; it is affordable and really does work . It was less stressful for me and the mouse both . Hopefully he ca n't find his way home like cats can .
 I saw reviews about not catching tiny chipmunks or mice . I disagree . Maybe those people need to read the instructions again very carefully . Yes it 's hard to set without tripping it off , but that 's the whole point - it 's easy to trip off ! I have caught several tiny mice -- about the size of a medium egg . The trap is very effective . I catch mice within 2 days of setting the trap , every time , by placing it in a dark area where I see droppings . Then , my kids and I take the mouse to nature & let it go.In summary , the Havahart Live Animal Cage Trap DOMINATES !!!
 Up to four in the first hour ... surly they are not finding their way back in already ? I took them across the road to the neighbor that is always playing their music too loud ... OK . . not really ... but tempting ! 3 large mice and one small one have made a believer out of me . Good product .
 I was very happy with the trap ; successfully caught 8 chipmunks within a week or two . My neighbors even let me know that they are not seeing them in their yards now ! I had tried a larger trap but the chipmunks were too lightweight to trip it so they would eat the seed and go on through . I used birdseed in this little cage and it worked fine .
 The current Havahart traps seem to catch mice as well as my very old ones , although their construction is less `` beefy '' and the solid bottom does not allow droppings to exit the trap -LRB- a good feature ? -RRB- . I toned down the sensitivity of the `` action '' by applying a small amount of `` Goop '' to the `` trigger pan '' arm which makes setting the trap much easier by increasing friction -LRB- without affecting trapping success -RRB- .
 My husband and I skeptically tried to set the trap . I was frustrated with the field mice we discovered helping themselves to our parrot 's food . We were both conflicted because the mouse we caught to start all this was a baby BUT I did n't want the house chewed up by mice and seeing the baby indicated there were probably others who also came in from the cold seeking food and shelter . So we did n't want to kill them BUT we could n't use any poison either -LRB- I did n't want to risk the poison around our pets -RRB- . THIS TRAP IS AMAZING ! Ok , the very first day it 's frustrating if you 're someone like me , who does n't find it helpful when your spouse is watching you &#34; try &#34; to set it -LRB- and failing over and over -RRB- and asking &#34; do you want me to try ? &#34; At that time I thought it required an MIT degree . Then I read some helpful information ... ** Put PEANUT BUTTER ON THE INSIDE TRAY ** -LRB- at first we tried to balance an almond , which is what we had caught the mice stealing several times -RRB- The almond , even the flattest one we could find , made balancing the trap mechanism tough . And when your new at setting the trap , that makes it more difficult . The Peanut Butter is great because it wo n't fall off the tray and the SMELL attracts the mice easily.The one negative -LRB- positve ? -RRB- is that the trap is loud ! However , that 's a good thing if the varmits are in your precious house and you want them OUT ! You can hear the trap work IMMEDIATELY , go empty it right away , and re-set it . I 'm embarrassed to say we caught SEVERAL mice a night the first couple nights -LRB- only because I ca n't believe there were THAT many were IN OUR HOUSE ! -RRB- but I 'm thankful/hopeful they 're almost gone ?!?!?!? I want them out and this is working . THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST PURCHASES WE 'VE MADE ! I 'm really glad that we 're not hurting these mice.By the way , after the first day ? We can set this trap with one hand ... It 's really that EASY ! We laugh about how difficult it was that first day . Hope this was helpful . GOOD LUCK GETTING RID OF THE CREATURES You may have !
 I have a larger cage as well as this one , It is a good cage alittle tricky setting it but once you get the hang of it you will not have any problems using it . What I like with this trap is you can carry it without a chance of being nipped by your catch . It does the job without killing what you are trying to catch .
 I 've had a larger Havahart trap for years and used it successfully many times . But my newest `` visitor '' was a mouse so small and lightweight that my bait kept disappearing without tripping the mechanism . I bought this smaller version and had my mouse within two hours of setting it up . The mouse is happy running around in the yard somewhere and I 'm happy he 's no longer in the house .
 I ordered this cage trap last week . It arrived today , and it caught its first mouse tonight ! I 'm hoping against hope that there are n't any more mice , but at least I know this trap is on the job and very efficient if there are . Now my only worry is where to relocate the mouse . : - -RRB- P.S. . It was very easy to set up , and all I used was Rice Crispies on the tray inside . I did slip in a cracker through the small slit/gap on top by the door to make sure that the mouse has enough to keep it occupied until the morning .
 I had an old Havahart trap that had gotten bent , so I recently bought 2 new ones and they work just as well as the old one ever did . I put corn in one trap and peanut butter in the other and over a two day period , I caught 5 mice and released them at a park , a couple of miles from my home . And Voil&agrave; ! No more mice !
 This is one of those rare products/devices that works flawlessly as advertised . I caught 4 mice today , the first day , using one trap . While that number is grossing me out at the moment , I am actually consoled by how easily I will be able to continue removing them from my house without having to handle dead mice or kill something unnecessarily . I 'm ordering a second one immediately to double my efforts .
 We live in the country so it is inevitable that mice get in our house sometimes . I have tried several different types of traps but the mice seems to learn to defeat/avoid them . They work initially -LRB- first week or two -RRB- , and then the mice either figure out how to steal the food without being trapped or avoid going into the trap . That is not the case with the Havahart trap . I have had the Havahart trap for over 6 months now and it is still catching mice . With the outside temperature starts dropping , the mice are moving indoor . My Havahart trap is catching one mouse almost every night . It just works . I highly recommend this trap .
 Caught our local mouse within a day . I am going to fire our three cats . I would give it 5 stars but for the fussiness of setting it up and it 's tendency to close prematurely . Otherwise satisfactory .
 At last ! I have found THE better mousetrap . I have been fighting a losing battle for three months with an infestation of mice which started because my `` doggy-door '' had lost a magnet , and was loose in the frame . After I repaired it , they continued to multiply ... somewhere IN MY HOUSE ! And they were so smart ! The old traps I had -LRB- little gray plastic boxes about 4 inches square would catch them , but then they would eat the bait and get out ! And if they did n't know how to work the see-saw door , they would chew their way out , destroying the usefulness of the trap . They chewed thru all three of my old plastic traps in no time.Next I tried the multiple mouse trap , the metal box trap that holds about 10 mice & has a see-thru lid . I caught one , and took him to the dog park . After that , two weeks went by and no others would go into the trap , no matter what bait I used . I tried disguising it and covering it , but to no avail . After that , since I would NEVER be tempted to use `` sticky paper '' -LRB- horribly cruel -RRB- , or those teeny boxes that quickly suffocate a poor little `` Mickey '' if you do n't take it out immediately , I went back to good old Amazon for a `` better mousetrap '' ... one that would still be humane ... and Eureka ! THIS IS IT!It 's true , the mechanism is delicate , and requires care and patience to set it , but it is a miniature version of those dependable large `` critter-traps '' in use all over the world for years . I 've used them to catch raccoons , possums , and squirrels since forever . But because this one is tiny -LRB- about 4x10 inches -RRB- it takes a little patience since the fittings are tiny too . But a little extra patience really pays off ! I cought my first mouse 10 minutes after I set it out ! After resetting , I cought the second one in 25 minutes . Right now , he 's in the trap waiting until I finish this review . That 's the absolute truth!You can only catch ONE mouse at a time with this trap , but oboy does it ever work ! I can carry them out to the dog-park near my house , flip up the door latches , lay the trap upside down , and that mouse is GONE!When you take it out of the box , to insure that all the parts work smoothly , examine it , set it down , and just tinker with it . Familiarize yourself with how it works . DO N'T BEND anything unless you 're SURE of what you 're doing . The hair-trigger mechanism is delicate , but fool-proof in action ! Before you put the bait in , set the trap & trip it ... do it several times , to make sure both doors drop and lock properly . Then , if everything goes off smoothly , open one door , stick some bait on the tray , reset the trap , and you 've got it made . If your bait is dry , I suggest using a bit of gum or other sticky substance . -LRB- or even a piece of scotch tape -RRB- to hold the bait SECURELY on the bait-tray , otherwise , it will slip off and take more time and effort . Or you can just use a tiny dab of peanut butter directly on the tray . And that 's it . Good luck ! On second thought , you wo n't need luck with THIS trap !
 The Havahart 1020 2 door trap does not work for chipmunks . You need the 1025 . It is way too small for chipmunks which is what I wanted it for .
 I left the Havahart cage outside in my garden , and in a matter of 2 weeks it caught 3 chipmunks . They were destroying my garden . Finally it is chipmunk free . I placed a piece of apple in the trap and that did it .
 I live in a co-op in Manhattan . I 'm a volunteer for PETA . They have been doing construction in my building for the last two years . I have caught over 30 mice with my Hav-a-Heart humane mouse trap . I bring them to Central Park and release them . The exterminator here only uses glue traps . They are tortourus to these poor little mice . They do n't always die right away . Sometimes their eyes are stuck in the glue . Can you imagine the pain and suffering they go through . It 's a slow painful death even if their eye is not stuck . Thank you Hav = a-Heart for giving us the HUMANE choice .
 We have had this trap for several months now . We keep it baited and in our chicken coop . So far we have caught several rats , 1 small possum , a couple of mice , and a bird!Great trap and does exactly what it says it will do . It is very easy to bait . It trips easy even with very small animals . -LRB- Keep the setting levers protected against a wall or something so the trap does not trip accidentally . -RRB- This is a good trap , and can be found at Amazon for much less than the price at the farm store .
 I recieve exactly the product I expected . It works mechanically as advertized . I have not caught anything yet But that is a placement problem because of the close quarters involved , which has nothing to do with the working of the trap.I am certain that once I can get the trap into the correct position in the infested area it will work as advertized.I did have to make some minor adjustments to the trigger-lever with a set of needle nose pliars to get the correct triggering of the trap door.Now it is too small to catch any thing bigger than a mouse , a small rat , or maybe even a very small squirl .
 I caught an entire family of mice with this in a little more than 36 hours , but only after a few months of nothing . The key was to set this up above ground level where the mice would climb . While I had this on the ground , they just did n't seem as interested . Another thing was figuring out how to set the trap mechanism properly . Once I put this up and made sure I set this accurately and used food that the mice were eating , I caught a mouse in a matter of an hour . Then all the younglings including a two for one ! In less than two days , I had rid the entire family from my home ! I 'm considering getting a second one just in case
 I tried humane traps that I built myself , and I bought a few different kinds as well . The cheap plastic traps were terrible . The Havahart trap is the one that caught the mouse in my basement . It is made of galvanized metal so it should last a lifetime .
 Excellent product . Every time it 's set properly it delivers . Proves that there 's more to Littiz than chocolate !
 The Havahart mouse trap came arrived a couple of days early and I was able to catch the first mouse that night using peanut butter ! I had borrowed a co-workers trap previously so knew how the trigger mechanism worked - otherwise it would have been rather confusing . The Havahart is great for someone -LRB- like me -RRB- who does n't want to deal with the aftermath of the old spring traps in which the mouse is either dead or crippled . Thanks to Ace Hardware Outlet and Havahart for an excellent product .
 The Havahart trap that I purchased through Amazon looks great . It is very effective , as well . The minute I brought it into the house , the mice just gave up and left.In other words , after scrubbing the kitchen thoroughly with Lysol and peppermint oil , I saw no more mice , so I have n't had to actually try out my Havahart trap yet.It looks nice , though .
 Amazing trap . I can catch mice more or less at will . Takes a little time to learn the technique of setting the trap levers , but once you get it it 's a piece of cake . I tend not to trap in the bitter cold , since the little buggers do n't stand much chance to survive , but use this to clear them out in the spring , and keep them out in the fall . This year I had almost no traces of mice in the winter.While it may be more humane to just kill the mice , I kind of look at it from my perspective . I 'd rather have a 1/100 chance in the woods in October than certain death via a conventional trap in the winter .
 I bought the 3 '' x 3 '' x 10 '' Havahart trap for mice and caught the smart Pocket Mouse in two days . I 'm in Arizona . It works great . The bottom of the doors that shut are very sharp and I put tape across the edges since the mouse will try to push his nose under the door and damages the mouse 's nose . I recommend this live trap to anyone that does n't want to `` squash '' the mouse in a typical mouse trap , but just get him out of the house .
 Works great . We already caught 2 mice ... or maybe the same mouse twice because we let it go outside : ^ -RRB-
 When we purchased this , it was geared towards rats and mice . We bought it because we saw a rat in our basement . This appears to be way too small for a rat . My son also says that it was not the easiest thing to put together , but knowing him , he probably did n't read the directions . ;--RRB- This would probably be perfect for mice , but it does n't appear that it would be a very good size for rats .
 Just what I was looking for , a gentle way to catch these little pests . They enjoy the cheese while waiting to be released , hopefully not to return . I have trapped two mice since recently buying this product and neither was hurt over stressed . I am now mice free .
 I tried every other type of trap
 Ok , so I 've got a mouse problem . Usually noticeable in winter as the `` guests '' seek some accomodations . The trouble is you never know how big your guests are . According to my wife , they are 6 in long with tattoos.I 've tried a couple different traps . Those that rely on the weight of the rodent usually end up with the bait taken as little critters are ignored and trap mechanisms stick over time . This one is reliable for big and small . It has kept working for several seasons.I 'm no rodent psychologist , but I have to think having both sides open acts as a less intimidating bait . It 's a little tricky getting the guest out again as they have plenty to grab inside the cage . But , they 're usually eager to be on their way , so patience has sufficed .
 Wanted a trap that did not kill the mice . Bought 2 of the Model 1020 . Packaging was fine , but one cage needed some minor adjustments -LRB- using a pair of needle nose pliers -RRB- to get the doors to drop easily . Used peanut butter ; had our first catch within an hour . Been very successful so far . Keeping one in our barn tack room and one in our garage .
 I used to bait this . Now , I just place it unbaited against the walls where mice tend to scurry . I caught and released two mice today -LRB- so far -RRB- . I 'm definitely ordering a few more of these traps !
 When it says `` No assembling '' , do n't believe it !! It took me two hours to get the first one together and I ended up with a whole new vocabulary !! The bait platform was not assembled and all the pieces were loose in the box . The instructions are vague , at best . Same thing with the second one I bought ... but I did manage to get that one together in just under an hour . Sure catches mice , though .
 I use these to trap mice for my cats - great entertainment . I suggest y' all use peanut butter for bait .
 Our baby python , about 2 feet long , needs to eat once every week or two . We moved and the closest pet shop is over an hour drive away . I purchased 2 cage traps to supply his appetite . They work well except they tend to close a little too easy , as many times the traps were closed with nothing in them . The other problem is the cats , they have figured out that if they flip the trap upside down , they get a treat too ! I have figured out ways around this and our python is also figuring out how to catch wild mice instead of the white pet shop mice ... I would recommend this product to those who wish to catch mice alive .
 I agree that many of the methods out there are quite inhumane . Glue traps -- what a way to die ! Poison ... risking children and pets ... and what if one of the neighborhood cats or another animal eats a poisoned mouse ? Do you want a smelly dead mouse decaying in an inaccesible place in your home ? Think maggots and fleas leaving the body . . lovely . I have tried many kinds of live traps and most are ineffective , and so tiny as to be not all that humane either . I much prefer these traps . They are very effective . I have four of them and when we get rushed by the little beasts when the weather turns cold , I 'm ready . They are a bit tricky to set ... you will get the hang of it . You can wash them in hot water and re-use hundreds of times . One of my models is decades old , so they LAST . They make a `` clank '' when they are set off ... so if you are around , you can remove your little intruder on the spot . If you are n't around ... you often hear them in the trap -LRB- and see inside easily -RRB- and there is plenty of air and space until you can get them outside . Forget all the other `` better mouse traps , '' because this is the one !
 Trigger works well , though can be touchy to set-up . Slathering a bit of peanut butter on the trigger plate works well . Seems to have caught a few mice in a few days . Make sure to take the little guys far far away so they do n't come back . Even more important with chipmunks , etc.Overall worth the price considering it is reusable and able to safely transport the trapped animal to a new home .
 I have had this trap for years and recently bought two more . I have caught mice in this trap when several conventional traps in the same area failed to . My bait is a dab of peanut butter on a wheat thin -LRB- easier to place in the trap -RRB- . I recently bought two more Havaharts to put in the attic and basement in the fall when mice are looking for a new home .
 Worked perfectly for catching mice until I ran over it with the car . Now I am ordering a new one . The only effective live trap I have found .
 I got these traps specifically to relocate several chipmunks that had set up house in my flower beds . Within a week I caught four critters and transported to far away fields . I used a smear of peanut butter mixed with black oiled sunflower seeds on the bait tray . The only complaint with the trap is that it is so sensitive to movement that sometimes it is difficult to set the trap without tripping it when you place it on the ground .
 This thing is awesome . I fooled around with the Victor brand live trap for a week , but my nuisance mouse would n't go in it no matter what the bait . I finally realized that I was wasting my time and bought the Havahart 1020 . It was substantially more expensive , but , unlike the cheap plastic live trap , actually caught the mouse ! Within 24 hours , the mouse was trapped . And the trap has the same quality contruction of larger Havahart cage traps , and should last for years.The instructions for how to set the trigger rods are a little hard to understand and follow . Setting the trap for the first time may take some time and cause some frustration . But , once a user learns how to do it , the procedure is simple.Note that , despite the product name here on Amazon , this is not a rat trap , and is not advertised as such on the packaging or on the Havahart web site . It is clearly labeled for smaller animals -LRB- mice , shrews , and voles -- as though a lot of people have problems with nuisance shrews and voles -RRB- .
 After trying several other brands of catch-and-release mouse traps , the Havahart is the `` Winner and stillChampeen . '' All of the others I have tried ended up to be `` catch-and-escape '' as the results were
 This product is ideal for trapping and humanely relocating small rodents . I put a dab of peanut butter on the trigger plate one night and the next morning I had one of my small mice caught . I drove him out a few miles down the road to the woods and released him . I had to repeat for about 3 days , and then that was the end of my mouse problem . Probably not the best solution for a house with a rodent infestation , but if you can be a bit patient and only have a few in the house , its the best way to go . Just wish there was away to catch more than one at a time !
 The Havahart mouse traps are excellent for snagging the little guys and keeping them alive . While the directions on exactly how to set the trap are atrocious , the trap itself does everything it 's supposed to . I currently have 2 in use and snagged a total of 6 mice in 8 days.I 'd recommend this product hands down , just be patient with setting the trap for the first time .
 After months of battling a pesky mouse situation we actually NAMED our lil wild friend after he dashed across my foot one night during a trip to the bathroom ... !! This trap succeeded in humanely capturing one Mr. Bo Jangles so he could be relocated to a nearby field !! After reading numerous reviews of various humane traps here on Amazon , I finally settled on this trap and the metal 12 catch mousetrapJ.T . EATON 421CL `` REPEATER '' MULTIPLE CATCH MOUSE TRAP . I 'll admit , once these traps arrived I was really impressed with the multi-catch trap which APPEARS to a very awesome trap and was VERY easy to bait ! Mr. Bo Jangles never ventured anywhere near the multi-catch trap , , perhaps the strong stench of machine oil present ... thankfully the Havahart trap did not have the offensive odor . Additionally I had to modify the Multi-catch trap as it would have easily released any entrapped mouse with a simple nose press on the upper lid ... The Havaheart trap looked weak and appeared difficult to set , I seriously had doubts initially . I admit I played with the trap awhile and made a number of minor adjustments to the trap before baiting it with a piece of Granola Bar which I `` glued '' to the bait table with a nice chunk of peanut butter . Once baited , I found a quiet closet in which Bo Jangles had previously been spotted and set it in the middle of the closet floor . AFTER setting the trap in place and being sure this was `` the place '' did I attempt to actually set the previously baited trap.I gave this Havahart trap a 5 star rating despite the written instructions being less than ideal since it caught our lil friend in less than a week . Just play with the trap awhile and understand how it works before relying on it to catch your mice . Also understand that it may need a few minor adjustments due to being bounced around in shipping.I wish to thank the Reviewer who provided sane advice for a wise method for releasing the trapped mouse . As a reminder , when releasing the mouse open the door that is AWAY from you !! In our case , I took the trap to a local field along with a reliable stick . I set the trap in the field and used the stick to gently remove the door lock of the door AWAY from me thereby allowing the mouse to nose his way through door . Using the stick I had to gently move the trap over on the side to allow the mouse an easier time of releasing itself from the trap but at least I did n't have a mouse running up my coat sleeve !! ; - -RRB-
 I have read a lot of reviews on this trap and the majority of them whine about this trap being too hard to set . While it can be more of a challenge to set than the other traps , it is without a doubt the most effective trap I have tried yet . Every other trap I have tried , humane and not , have had bait stolen from them , except this trap . When a mouse goes in , no matter how small , it will trip the trap . When this trap is set properly -LRB- which is n't as perplexing as people make it seem -RRB- you will catch even the tiniest of mice . I have caught smaller mice than all the other traps will catch.This trap does not rely on spring tension or even that much on mechanics . It is gravity powered and the bait tray in the middle holds the doors open by one flattened metal rod resting on another . When the doors fall down they are immediately locked into place and the mice have not managed to escape . I have not had a problem with this trap going off from normal house vibration , only the occasional kick if you forget where it is in the dark . But unlike the snap traps , this one wo n't take off your toes.I have tried snap traps and multiple catch box traps in the same location as this one and this trap is the only one that consistently catches anything . I do have to agree that the edges on the bottoms of the doors are quite sharp and I would cover them with tape if you wish the trap to be humane and not hurt the nose of the mice . I would not recommend the plastic traps at all , as every single one that I have owned gets chewed or clawed through , even in one night . So anyone that says they chose a plastic trap over this trap has just wasted their money.This trap is preferred by professionals for a reason . It does take a certain degree of intelligence to set and work with , but it is a very effective trap , sturdy , can be easily cleaned and is well worth the money.If you are having trouble setting the trap , I have posted a guide on my website . Search for Havahart Mouse Trap Tutorial with sephoratrading or try this link -LSB- ... -RSB-
 These traps have worked great for us . So far we 've caught 7 mice & moles . We have one in the garage & one outside where we think they come in . I have not caught any chipmunks in them . My mother also has one & she 's had good luck with her 's too . We just use peanut butter for bait . Work great . Probably will get some more for the house .
 We thought we had one mouse ... we caught 5 the first night . I used this one and the Smart Mouse trap -LRB- little green house -RRB- We put them both in places we had found mice droppings , and had no problem catching them . This Havahart one is kinda tricky to set . You 're better off just leveling the bait tray and then the metal arms basically go where they 're supposed to in order to hold the doors open . They are also very sensitive ... and this can get very frustrating , be prepared to have to set the thing quite a few times when you 're first getting the hang of it , besides that , it is a great trap . We even caught 2 mice at once in this thing . I like that it is very breathable , and gives the mice a pretty decent amount of space . The Smart Mouse trap is so much easier to set , anyone could do it . We have n't had any mice chew through the plastic , like some people had mentioned , but we are very diligent about checking them often and releasing often . It 's a little smaller than the Havahart trap , and is n't as well ventilated , but it 's still very humane . There are tons of vent holes in the trap . Both traps work great , I opted for one of each because they both got great reviews and I figured if the mice do n't like one , they may check out the other type .
 this trap is pretty sensitive . when you put bait in it , the cage sets itself off . have to be precise with the cage . the g = cage is very durable . i used peanut butter to do it and you have to have it even so the cage wo n't set itself off .
 Havahart 1020 - Small rodentsI have a larger Havahart from about 20-25 years ago that works to this day and is able to catch squirrels without any difficulty . The wire mesh on that model is too big for small field mice , so I bought this 1020 to hopefully catch some of these smaller mice and rats . They tend to crawl into my engine compartment and store seeds or other rubbish.The 1020 is quite small and light weight . Its construction is n't very good , everything seems thinner and lighter than the older design . The bait tray is easily sprung . A gust of wind will set it off , and it renders it useless in windy conditions outside . Understandably , a field mouse is going to be quite light so a heavier trap may not spring when the mouse touches the tray . Unfortunately , this also makes the 1020 very touchy . I recommend using it indoors or in a covered area close to the suspected location of the critters.Overall
 Had a small mouse living in my stovetop - set this trap up one night before bed , and when I checked it in the morning , he was in there!Easy to set up . A bit touchy , but that 's what I would want for a good trap . I followed another reviewer 's advice and put some tape along the edges of the two doors because the edges are very sharp and I did n't want the mouse to get hurt while trying to get out.Set him free in a field near my apartment . : -RRB-
 Yes this trap is tricky to set and to make sure that its not triggered as you are setting it . BUT thats why it works so well . We caught a mouse on the very first night out and had no problems letting the little fellow go . It also feels like a much sturdier trap than the ones made out of plastic .
 I tried three other traps that did n't work , and the mice kept stealing the bait . I looked on the computer and found the havahart 1020 live mouse trap . it is very sensitive . i caught mice the first night that i got it ! -LRB- crackers and peanut butter worked best -RRB- i recommended this trap to a friend and she caught 13 mice in her 's so far .
 EDIT 2/24/12
 We are very happy with this trap . We found out that we had mice , first time in 8 years I was able to get animals out of my garden . This is a very good way of taking care of the problem and after one time we ordered havahart trap , we have been happy . We caught 3 more and set them free in a nearby park . The traps are still set and presently no addtional mice have been caught . Peanut butter works the best . Buy it and share them with people who care .
 We had a serious vole problem a couple summers ago , and they were tearing up our turf . My wife was not keen to the idea of poison , so I picked up a coupke of these traps instead . Lo and behold , they actually worked pretty well -LRB- do n't remember what I used as bait -RRB- , and I ended up capturing 5 voles over a couple weeks .
 This product is very sensitive to movement . Very easy to catch the mouse alive . We have left snacks for the mouse inside it before we release it to its new home in the wood .
 this cheep little trap has saved me alot of money . it works dont be scared to buy this one . ive caught about 30 so far
 Have a mouse problem this year in my garage -LRB- now I have a snake -RRB- but I have been poisening them with big blocks , , but still seem to have a mouse problem -LRB- usually pack rats make a mess here in the desert -RRB- took 24 hours to catch a mouse and actually see what i was up against , , Havahart traps are always built stout , -LRB- I Have several Harbor Freight traps and mice can get out of them and they are not built well -RRB-
 I 'm not sure what i expected for such a small trap , but the trigger mechanism is way too sensitive and cant really be adjusted like its big brothers . I would purchase again .
 This is an excellent product that works very effectively . I had tried smaller and cheaper traps for two weeks with no results . With this unit I captured and released all four of my `` invaders '' in just a few days . The trap is very durable and well made . Setting the trigger me ya ism is a little tricksy , but that may be essential for it to work well . The only CON is the la k of a carrying handle . O erl , a superior product I fully recommend .
 I agree with other reviewers that the quality could be better.Setting the trap took a little patience but it worked the first time . I would recommend this product .
 This trap is very good caught many mice still using it , mice can not damage it . Would recomend buying it . Can use one door or two .
 The product worked great , once I was able to figure it out . Mice caught , no escapes , little critters are now roaming the local state forest . The problem was , the instruction sheet did n't match the product exactly , there were some subtle differences , so i had to improvise slightly , and just ended up figuring out a way that worked for me . Like i said , once you figure it out , and realize how touch sensitive it is , usage is easy mice get caught safely , but ca n't escape . With better instructions i would give five stars without hesitation .
 I love the simplicity of this little trap . The directions are pretty awful and obscure so it took some real problem solving to figure out how to set it . When you read some of the reviews , the sensitivity problem could be because the directions leave you to your own creation on how to set it which wo n't work well -LRB- too sensitive -RRB- . We have n't caught anything yet but I think that 's because there 's no critter left to catch . I 'll keep you posted if I ever get anything !
 this unit , despite other reviews is easy to use . it does n't take much mechanical ability to figure it out without instructions . if the action is too sensitive , just rub the two metal release points with sandpaper to mildly scuff and provide traction . this trap catches mice like crazy with some peanut butter on the lever.mice must be taken at least 1/2 mile away or they will come back . trust me . i 've resorted to killing them upon capture .
 I find it dirty and difficult to bait and it is hair trigger to set But the mice like it . We have had several of these and one of the draw backs is that the bent wire that latches the trap fall off when you shake the mouse out and are easily lost .
 After setting up a bird-feeding area in our backyard , we noticed a couple little mousies running about . There is not way I was going to us a trap to kill them , so we bought this wonderful Havahart 1020 Live Animal Two-Door Mouse Cage trap . Easy to set-up . We humanely caught all the mousies and were able to relocate them in a safe , yet far-away area . I highly recommend this product .
 Works well , have trapped several mice and relocted them . I would recommend to anyone who wants to avoid killing the cute little creatures .
 set the trap the first time and caught out house mouse guest and transferred him into a very large box with tall walls but he managed to scurry out of the box so i had to catch him again . The trap works great but setting it can be a bit difficult sometimes .
 Since I purchased this trap , I have caught eight mice in the basemet with it . I released each mouse outside thinking that they would find their way back in . That was not the case . They have not returned , and now my basement is mouse free . I have had the trap down there for over two weeks and have not caught any more mice . The trap trip lever is very sensitive , and will trip if the trap is moved just a hair . This trap works ! This is the first ime my basement has been clear of mice for years !
 Living next to a 35 ' deep ravine with many types of wild animals and living in an old house full of more holes than I can find I unfortunately have yearly visits from mice looking for a home.Went to the local hardware store and he had the perfect 3 '' X 3 '' Havahart 1020 two door trap ... has never failed me yet . Definitely difficult to set until you get used to it but that is also the reason it works so well ... very sensitive and works 90 % of the time -LRB- sometimes the mouse is cagey enough to get the peanut butter crackers but they keep coming back until you yave eliminated then from the house.Personally , I believe in animal control therefore I drown them in a bucket of water all in one swoop and checking the traps regularly so they do not suffer entrapment long . A quick death due to their extreme struggle for life but drowning is so much more humane than poison or crushing traps ... I almost died of drowning once and therefore can speak from experience ... drowning is n't really painfull !!! For a man that joined the Army in 1963 as the Viet-nam war was on the horizon ; I joined for the Combat Infantry to fight for my country ; not because I hated anyone but because I know by history that the world will allways have wars and I wanted to do my part and likely make this my life 's Career ... killing people I never knew to protect my country and our freedom.Yet on the other hand I love people and some 8 yrs after marriage I thought I would become a Preacher of the Bible.Bottom line , you can love People who definitely do not love you or your ways of honesty and an attitude of service to one 's God and Country . This does not take away from the responsibility to kill WHEN WE MUST to keep balance in the world.Thus I recommend the above in respect for God 's creation and mercy to animals that must be put down .
 The Havahart 1020 trap works really well , but the setting needs to be re-engineered . Once you set the trap , any vibration can set it off so it needs to be a little less sensitive but yet sensitive enough to catch the mouse/rat that enters the trap . The trap is great because one can let the animal go after the catch .
 Havahart traps have been around forever , and now i know why . i have a mouse problem in my townhouse , but i did n't want to kill them . i bought this trap and two other `` no kill '' style traps , and this one is by far the best . it was the most expensive , but as the second most expensive does n't work at all , this one is even more value for money . It works everytime , is easy to clean and does n't stress the mouse out , because there is plenty of room . so far i have caught 12 mice , and i think this trap would keep going forwever , it 's that well made .
 These work really well . I place a peanut on the shelf , so there 's no mess to clean up . I hose them out after the mouse has been released . The only trick is the latch is very hair-trigger , so it takes a little practice keeping it set and the peanut balanced on the shelf as you set it down . Other than that they work great .
 Good product . It is a little TOO sensitive and sometimes is hard to set . A little more thought to the set mechanism might find a better and easier solution .
 The trap is great . It works great . It is not , however , big enough for rats .
 I had mice running around on the patio eating the bird seed from my feeders & so far have caught 6 and released them . Found peanut butter to be the best bait . It was a little tricky setting at first , but after getting the hang of it , no problem .
 You really ca n't improve on this great mouse trap . It catches the mice without any harm and they can be released outside in a safe area . The quakity was a bit better when they were made here in America , but still works great !
 We bought this trap at a local hardware store , so it 's conceivable it 's an older model than the one Amazon is selling here , but it looks just like the picture . I saw the first evidence of a mouse about 10 days ago -LRB- some droppings on a kitchen shelf -RRB- and the next day I saw the mouse itself racing downstairs to the basement . After trying a plastic piece of junk , I found this one online , but did n't want to wait for it to be delivered . My husband set it -LRB- all my feminist inclinations go out the window when it comes to setting traps -RRB- so I ca n't report firsthand on how hard it was . He did say it was a bit tricky , as some of the other reviewers have noted.I was somewhat stunned though , when he set it a second night and caught a second mouse . A week later , we 've trapped six mice ! We seem to have a family of them as some look half grown . -LRB- It is n't the same mouse coming in over and over because we took the hardware store clerk 's advice to drive them several miles from our house -- in this case to the woods along a parkway on the other side of a highway . He also said smear peanut butter right on the trap , presumably as they ca n't just grab it and escape , though my husband says the doors should shut the second they set foot inside . -RRB- Hopefully these mice will be able to live outdoors . Our climate is usually moderate , and they did n't seem freaked out by encountering grass and woods . They also did n't seem to be suffering in the trap -- a couple even hesitated to leave when the doors were first opened.The person who mentioned droppings is right on . I suggest putting a sheet of old newspaper underneath , so you can just throw it out.Now , can someone tell me how to spot the opening where they are getting into the house ? If so , please add a comment !
 These hav-a-hart traps work very well - as long as the mouse is big enough to set off the trap !!! Small mice are very good at stealing the walnut !!!
 Bought this trap to catch mice in my ivy next to my place . So far I 've caught over 10 mice and the unit works great . The mice are not harmed , and it 's easy to reset the trap . If you have difficulty setting this trap , you should consider hiring someone to solve your problem cause it 's not difficult.I would highly recommend this trap .
 Before we purchased this trap , we had been trying to use another live animal trap that was made out of plastic . Nothing but ants would even enter that trap , so it was no use to us.Then we purchased the Havahart 1020 Live Animal Two-Door Mouse Cage Trap from Rodgers Goods here on Amazon . This company tells you that they will ship within 48 hours and they take every minute of those 48 hours to actually ship . But , once shipped the package did arrive quickly.We received the trap on a Saturday afternoon and set it up in the garage right away . By Saturday evening , we had caught our first mouse and quickly relocated it to a better home . Saturday night , we set the trap up outside to catch another mouse that was entering through an outside vent and by Sunday morning we had caught our second mouse , who was also quickly relocated to a better home.The only thing that I am somewhat disappointed with concerns who is making the trap or maybe distributing the trap now . The box said NOTHING about HAVAHART at all ! Not even in small print , nor even in the little bit of instructions you receive in the box . The trap is now made/distributed by the ` Grip ' company . Which is probably a fine company , but it is a little bit misleading to still call this product `` HAVAHART '' when there is NOTHING about HAVAHART on the box -LRB- or even on the product itself -RRB- these days . I wonder what we would have received if we would have ordered directly from Havahart.com instead of Amazon?But as long as the product worked , that is really all that matters .
 I owned two of these traps for 15 years before misplacing them in a move . When I saw mouse droppings at my new home , I went in search of this same product at local stores but could n't find it . I ended up buying four live traps of different designs . And in two weeks , I caught exactly one mouse in the traps . I had better luck using a slick barrel with a little cheese in the bottom . I ordered these from amazon , set them last night and had two mice this morning . If my experience with these traps holds -LRB- and these are identical to what I bought 15 years ago -- same good workmanship -RRB- , I 'll have two more tomorrow morning . To my mind , the other supposed `` live traps '' are a waste of money . This is the only design that works , and it is well worth the money given how long the traps last .
 Havahart traps are awesome . We caught the sneaky little guy on the first try . He is far away and free .
 I bought this trap along with the larger squirrel model because I have both problems . Works fine and no problems with construction quality . It is different than the larger traps as it is one piece of sheet metal not a wire cage . But this is for a mouse so I do n't think those who criticize as not being substantial are on the mark . I placed in my attic for long term control as the old - fashion rat traps keep tripping with no catches . I believe that the heat and temperature swings contribute to this problem . So far this cage trap is more reliable than the rat traps . I would recommend if you have small critters to catch .
 Tried to catch a field mouse with other products on the market , this was the only one that worked . Caught the mouse in one hour after setting the trap .
 Within 30 minutes of installing the Havahart 1020 Live Animal Trap in the cabinet under our kitchen sink we had captured a mouse , who we then took to the the woods outside our house . We bought this trap because we did n't want to kill the mice , but only escort them outside . We are completely satisfied with our purchase , and are expecting additional short-term `` visitors '' at any time .
 Well I must say I 'm pretty pleased with this trap . Initially I was a bit confused over setting the trap , but once I had it figured out it was pretty easy . Used a dab of peanut butter on the tray . After one night I had my first mouse . I 've caught four so far , one for every night of owning the trap . I was afraid the catch system holding the door release would be a little touchy but it has n't had a false release yet . Been a mouse inside every time . Construction for the trap is n't rock solid , it bends a bit , but I 'd say it 's pretty good for the money you are paying . It 's definitely more than enough to contain a mouse . The little guys seem to be bent of trying to squeeze out though . They all seem to have cut noses when I find them . Nothing serious though , in fact , other than being freaked out the mice are in great condition after being through this trap . Happy to get them out of my garage and into the woods .
 This product is better than most of the options that I have seen . It is a little sensitive to set up but easy once you get the hang of it . . I would buy another
 Had a little guy -LRB- mouse -RRB- in the house for a couple of weeks before getting this . He did n't bother me , but the misses did n't want to go into the kitchen at night . Anyway , put this out and got the little guy in a matter of 6 hours.He was small , so ca n't comment on it 's effectiveness for big ones , but the sensitivity of the trap to catch a small one is good . I did n't encounter the setup issues that others may have encountered ; just play around w / it a few minutes and it 's easy to figure it out . Did n't see any issues w / it going off w / bumping or setting it down . Very easy to release the little ones w/o getting your hands near them if you do n't like that . Glad I got this -- everyone 's happy .
 Trap works great . If you have mice put some peanut butter in it and let it sit overnight . Good alternative if you or your wife does n't want to kill them .
 Purchased this item after buying the squirrel trap . Am very happy with both . The squirrel cage was worth much more than the cost of the item . Was catching an average of 1 squirrel a day during the summer -LRB- about 15 -RRB- . Would highly recommend both .
 I 've been using one of these traps for 3 years in my chipmunk and squirrel infested yard . The foxes just ca n't seem to keep the chipmunk population under control so I 'm forced to take matters into my own hands . The trap works almost flawlessly on chipmunks . Put a little peanut butter and seed into the trap and within minutes I can have a peanut flavored chipmunk ready to be released into the wild . I 've trield to catch squirrels , but I think this model is a little too small for them . I have not tired to catch mice . Get yours now before chipmunk hunting season ends !
 We were desperate to get rid of the chipmunks playing havoc in our yard . This trap did the trick . We used bird seed for bait , since the chipmunks are attracted by the seed that drops from our bird feeder . We trapped 12 rascals since we put the trap out about 2 1/2 weeks ago.Needless to say , I highly recommend this product .
 Our cat `` told '' us first that we have mice in the dropped ceiling in August 2008 . Then I encountered one in the laundry room . After receiving the mouse trap the catching of mice was a breeze . So far we caught 17 and our `` mouse detector '' tells us , we evicted them all . Peanut butter was the best bait , they have to lick it instead of grabbing it . You have to put the trap close to the wall so that the mouse feels save . They wo n't come out into the open . That was the best investment .
 What a lifesaver ! We have lots of little mice , or maybe they 're little rats . The body if each is perhaps 2 inches long , with long tails . Anyway , we got two of these traps , and the first week we were averaging close to one catch per night per trap . Peanut butter seems to work great as bait.Yes , they are tricky to set , but once you figure it out , it 's not too bad . What 's confusing is , that you need to line up two little pieces of bent metal wire so that one keeps the other from releasing . The tricky bit is that , when they 're set correctly , the small rotating one is facing between 10 and 11 on the clock dial -LRB- or Northwest if you 're thinking maps with North at the top . -RRB- The other trick is
 Excellent product . Perhaps I failed the first and second time because I used as bait a piece of cracker smeared with peanut butter . The little guy just reached inside and dragged the bait without tripping the trap doors . So next time I just smeared the peanut butter directly on the pan . That did the trick . Thank you , Havahart .
 The mice here seem to prefer this type of &#34; open &#34; trap as opposed to the more enclosed , &#34; boxy &#34; ones . No worries about them suffocating before you can release them elsewhere .
 I bought two of these , they arrived yesterday , I set them up at night , and caught the mouse by the morning . It is intuitive to arm but it is touchy . Very hard to set up dry bait -LRB- I used oatmeal -RRB- without 2 people , but sticky bait like peanut butter would be easy .
 This product does just what we purchased it for!We live in the boonies of Colorado , with a lot of farmland around us . Every year we get a few mice that decide to come live with us -LRB- even with three indoor cats that can and will kill them -RRB- . This year the mice seem to have outsmarted the cats and chose to live on top of counter tops of our kitchen , and inside the stove . We wo n't set up traps that kill or harm them -LRB- we do n't believe in it , nor do we want any of our pets or kids hurt by them -RRB- , so we purchased this trap from Amazon , and set about catching the little buggers . We ended up catching a total of six of them in the trap in just the last month !!! They were all released back into the wild far , far away . Hopefully there wo n't be anymore , but if there is , we are ready ! LOL!This trap is sturdy , easy to use , and very humane . It caught the first mouse the very first night we set it up . The metal is sturdy , yet safe for the little critters , and the cage-like wiring makes it very ventilated . Opening to release the animal is very easy , yet it `` locks '' in a way the animal ca n't escape on it 's own.We are very happy with this purchase , and would highly recommend it to anyone looking to catch and release mice in a very humane way . : o -RRB-
 16 chipmunks in five days ... not bad , but do not expect perfect out-of-the-box performance . I have yet to use any trap that did not require some form of adjustment . In the case of this trap , the bails on both ends , the D-shaped bail locks on the doors and the doors may need tweaking . The trap is somewhat fragile , but we are not trapping elephants here . -LRB- 1 -RRB- The bails and doors must be centered when setting the trap and all bail parts should be in one plane . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The D bail locks have burrs near the punch hole . Remove those with a carving or burnishing motion of a flat blade screw driver . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The punch-outs -LRB- locks -RRB- can be bent slightly toward trap center to `` hook '' the bail better . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The door bottom edge , which contacts the trap floor can be bent upward in an gently radiused -LRB- about 1/8 '' at center -RRB- convex up shape . If you make this bend , be sure to bend the bails to match.Here 's the WHY of all this . The bails must swing downward and not contact anything before being captured by the D locks directly , without bounce . The bent door end allows the door to fall completely even if a chipmunk 's tail is there . It helps prevent the rump bounce-and-run technique that some chipmunks use . Some will stretch a paw toward the bait -LRB- black oil sunflower seeds are perfect here -RRB- like people stretch on one foot to screw-in a light bulb with one hand . These are the individuals that are difficult to catch and exhibit the behavioral set which triggered all the tuning . Chipmunks have VERY fast reflexes , the trap is about one inch too short on both ends . It takes very little time for chipmunks to spin and cover the escape distance.Speaking of triggering , the trap is very sensitive ... a good thing . Baiting requires a delicate-touch-by-spoon-delivery . My hands will not fit into the openings.This is my second Havahart . The first was also a two door -LRB- the 5x5x24 size -RRB- . It was very good a capturing Townsend ground squirrels . My preference for the two door is the trap-by-run-through option . The target animal sees an escape opening , not a wire wall , and is more likely to run through . No bait is required and it lowers the probability of trapping a non-target animal . Just find where the animal habitually runs and place the trap at a squeeze-point . The same applies to chipmunks . They also tend to have preferred routes.Just a note about chipmunks
 I 've used Havahart traps for decades , and used to purchase them for the City Of Kansas City , MO , Animal Control . I 've read some of the reviews which prompts me to write this review . You need to know what you are trying to trap . A `` rat '' trap is the one area where description fails because of the huge disparity in the size of `` rats '' . I suggest going to the Havahart website and doing some research . At the site they mention that the traps have to be purchased for the size animal one is dealing with . I have owned three different sizes over the years . Hope this review helps .
 We have caught 16 mice thus far . This trap is great . In fact , after a couple weeks , I bought a second one.What can I say ? The trap catches mice - small mice , big mice . We initially spent twenty bucks on 12 of those little plastic boxes that were supposed to trap mice . They did n't . I was hesitant to buy another mousetrap , but we were in a pickle . We knew we had waited too long and had tons of mice between the two stories in the floor and in the vaulted ceiling . They were keeping me up at night . When the trap is set , we catch anywhere from one to three mice per night.The trap is easy to set , but if a mouse jumps on the top of it , it could trip and close without the mouse inside . That 's happened twice in the last couple months . I do n't see it as a huge issue . My husband set the trap to be less sensitive , and so far so good . That 's the reason I gave the trap 4 stars instead of 5 stars.A plus is that once a mouse is trapped , when he moves around in the cage , he rattles the tripping mechanism ; we know exactly when a mouse is caught . We hear ` jingle , jingle , jingle . ` This was definitely worth every penny to get rid of those mice . And we have a clear conscience to boot ! :-RRB- Buy it . It 's fourteen bucks . Go without your Starbucks lattes for three days and you break even :-RRB- Ca n't go wrong !
 I recently bought two types of live mouse traps to catch deer mice that usually enter my house during fall/winter . These mice are lighter and smaller than your regular house mouse . When compared to a ` multiple catch ' mouse trap , the Havahart is much more efficient . I have been able to catch mice in this trap in consecutive days while the ` multiple catch ' trap is yet to capture one . This mouse trap might take some time to figure out how to operate but once it is working properly , it will not miss a single catch .
 Works as advertised . Trap is easy to bait and set up . Caught 7 mice so far and released them into the woods behind the cemetery . A great product .
 We were very satisfied with this trap . We found out that we had mice , first time in 22 years and started to us the typical sticky trap at first . This is a very bad way of taking care of the problem and after one time we ordered havahart traps.We caught 4 more and set them free in a nearby park . The traps are still set and presently no addtional mice have been caught.Peanut butter works the best . Buy it and share them with people who care .
 Our pet mouse escaped and was running around teasing us . He would look at us and run under furniture . We of course did n't want to harm him so we tried this trap . We only had it up for a few hours and caught him :-RRB- . He is back in his tank and we are all happy . Thanks for a great product .
 We left a bag of cat food in the garage a few weeks ago and when we went to use it , found a hole in the bag and clear evidence around the bag that a mouse had done the deed -LRB- think about that one for a minute and you 'll know what I mean -RRB- . We bought this trap and caught one mouse the first night and a second mouse the day after . We used peanut butter as our bait and it seemed to do the trick.Getting my hand inside to bait the trap was a tight fit -LRB- it 's a small trap -RRB- . Plus , the trap triggers easily so getting it right the first time was impossible - every time I put it down , it triggered itself . It took a few tries but eventually , I was able to set it and put it down on the garage floor without the doors slamming shut.Getting the mouse out was another challenge . First , a mouse poops a lot and since they ca n't get a hall pass and use the restroom , well , it 's pretty unappealing to have to deal with the trap . I put the trap in a box , hauled it to the woods and shook the mouse out - uninjured , of course.Cleaning out the trap was the final step - I hosed it out with a garden hose.It 's a simple , cheap and humane way to catch and remove a pest . It is a bit tricky to set and bait but the end result is a live mouse outside the garage . Win/Win !
 I have trapped and released 3 mice . No problems with functionality and no mice have been injured . I am a recent vegan and have used snap traps in the past . They always made me feel bad . Trying to live without harming any other living creature obviously eliminates that option . Setting the mice free definately was a much better feeling than disposing of their poor little bodies . I did research and have learned that mice will travel great distance to return home . Take them for a drive . Also I did tape up the sharp edges on the doors .
 Works great for chipmunks , voles , etc. . May need to leave one side closed with bait -LRB- shelled peanuts -RRB- in back . Also may need to refresh bait frequently as birds like bait too , or tie the one side open for a while to get them use to entering and going to the back . Caught 4 within 2 weeks .
 great trap for mice and chipmunks i have chickens this is the only trap i can use but the trigger rods should be filed flatter so it is easy to set without going off when setting
 This is first time that I have written about any product . I purchased two of these traps through Amazon . com and have caught every single mouse that had been driving me crazy for more than a month . 17 of them to be exact and now I am using chicken scratch grain as a bait in case I have any new mice coming into the house . The mice where able to clean the snap traps of all the cheese and peanut butter without getting caught . These traps are so good I was able to catch mice that measured only 3/4 '' long not including the tail . Incredible product that really works.Havahart 1020 Two-Door 10-by-3-by-3-Inch Cage Trap for Mice
 I have bought several of these traps and they have not failed at all.Ordered the traps and got them within a week of my order.Good product and great service . You can not go wrong .
 This is a review of the Havahart live MOUSE trap # 1020 . The single word MICE is clearly on the box and there is no mention of rats , chipmunks or any other larger animal . -LRB- Ratones is Spanish for MICE -RRB- As the target animal is a very , very light weight mouse or mouse sized -LRB- voles -RRB- this trap is of different construction than the other Havahart traps I own . For a light trigger , many of the parts have to be light weight themselves - it literally has to be a hair trigger . So construction is not as robust as for an angry raccoon , but I find it perfectly acceptable.With the above in mind , I think some of the review criticisms are misplaced.ALUMINUM GRATE
 I have caught 7 mice so far in 3 weeks ... It 's no problem for me to relocate them into the woods with a days ration of peanut butter in their cute little bellies ... Mice are very smart and industrious little creatures ... . Also , they are inquisitive . They will actually look you in the eyes ! It just does n't feel right to murder little mouse families for the `` crime '' of trying to survive ... Theyre no different than Dogs , Cats or any other life on earth ... I bought 2 of these live traps . I had no problem setting the trip wires . In fact , after a couple of tries it becomes easy . I used a plastic straw to test-trigger my traps by touching the food tray pivot inside the trap ... I wanted to make sure the doors would actually close when the food tray was pivoted ... I am happy with the product and my Karma is shining happily as well ! Havahart 1020 Live Animal Two-Door Mouse Cage Trap
 We had a little mouse living in a box in our closet . I could n't bring myself to killing him , so we bought this product . I 'm glad I did , it works . Other than the edges of the door being sharp as others have mentioned -LRB- tape solves that -RRB- it 's perfect.Our mouse was pretty clever , the first couple times we set it he got fed without being caught . The first time my husband -LRB- George -RRB- put some peanut butter on a piece of paper towel , and the mouse just pulled it off the trigger plate and ate it , lol . The second time we put it directly on the trigger plate , and he just ate it with out having to touch the plate . The third time we put it on the edge of the trigger plate facing the side that we closed , and we caught him . Just make sure that the mouse will have to lean on the trigger plate and you 'll catch them.Also you have to make sure that you release them at least 2 miles away , otherwise they 'll come back . We live in New Orleans and there is n't any wooded area , so we let him go in Audubon park next to the zoo 's giraffe habitat . I figured he could find a safe place to hide and he can mooch off the giraffes ' food . : -RRB-
 Had a bit of trouble trying to figure out how to set it , and it took a while to bait it and get it just right.But once I got the hang of it , I set it out in the kitchen by the oven , turned out the light and sat by the tv with my own dinner.I tell you , within 15 minutes I had my mouse !!! Lots of room in here for a big mouse -LRB- which mine was -RRB- , he could get at the bait easily and it held him in the trap all night until i could release him in the morning . -LRB- I had loads of room by way of the other door to give him some bread to tide him over till morning . -RRB- A happy mouse and a happy home-owner ... not so happy cats though .
 We discovered a little mouse living in our garage . We set this trap using a little bit of peanut butter , put it just outside the garage door , and woke up the next morning to find the mouse inside.We did find this a little bit tricky to set just right , but it was n't too difficult and took more patience than anything . I was glad I did n't have to worry about the mouse suffocating , as I read could be a concern with some of the plastic no-kill traps . Since the trap was outside , we would never have heard the mouse at night . Cleaning was easy - I just held the doors open and rinsed it out with hot water.Hopefully we never have to use this again , but we 're hanging on to it just in case ! It seems sturdy enough that we should never have to replace it .
 Excellent and humane way to get rid of mice -LRB- small -RRB- Very sensitive to setup - but well worth the effort . Also ensure that you wash after every catch - as the smell of urine / fecal matter from the trapped mice - is a deterrent for the next one to enter.Also tortilla / fresh bread / cheese work best to attract rodents.Release mice at least 2-5 miles away from your home
 Got this trap and 2 others a couple weeks back . The Smart Trap had it 's captive chew through and escape within 60 minutes of capture . The Ketch All Repeating Trap actually catches nothing -- it does repeat the non-catching part , however . The Havahart is a successful , albeit fussy , design . It does admittedly take some time to master setting and adjusting . The trigger needs a very light touch and ca n't be slid too far towards the trap . After a little practise it 's been very dependable at catching even the lightest baby and holding a good-sized adult . It usually renders one a night . I 'm getting another one to maximise my efforts . Good live traps are hard to find and this loses the 5th star solely because setting it requires a bit of finesse for such a sensitive trigger . My experience sez it 's worth the effort messing with .
 Have caught 4 mice to date and were able to let all of them go , unharmed . This is the best trap I have ever used .
 These traps are the best . I use mine for years - they work well , catching two at a time once in a while and are easy to clean . You never touch where the mice are and release is easy . Mind you - take them far from your home as they WILL return ! They love stone walls and make a haven for ticks . It is best to release them along the highway or in a field where an owl or hawk can benefit . I caught the same -LRB- blind in one eye -RRB- mouse so knew I was releasing and re-capturing the same mice . My attic was always a mouse hotel until I began releasing them far from home . These are more expensive than the little plastic ones but the mouse can chew through the green one -LRB- it happened to me -RRB- and the others are flimsy and filthy to handle . The `` secret door '' ones do not work - at least they have n't for me after 3 nights . I think the mice avoid the small opening . Stick with the metal .
 The biggest problem I had was learning how to set the trap . The package instructions were not helpful , but I was able to find a video online which I watched several times . It was NOT made by the Havahart company , it was just some young teenager , but it was extremely helpful . Once that was done , it did catch mice .
 Love the trap ! Ca n't stand killing anything , so this works out great!I have n't caught anything yet , but I hope I do soon.FAST shipping!A + + + + + + + +
 Trap worked very well . We had a small mouse living in our garage , and the first night I set the trap , we caught the little guy . Easy to set , though getting the bait -LRB- peanuts -RRB- on the trigger plate took some patience and chopsticks to gently place the nuts . The straight bar goes inside the hooked end , by the way . Release was fine too except the mouse returned and now I know that it loves me .
 Well , I have to say I was pleased at the thought of a humane mouse trap where I could let the cute little critters go . And this trap works perfectly . Easy , easy , easy . Five Stars.However , I have been letting them go in the very back of my yard , or the very front of my yard out by the road.Either I have a LOT of mice in the basement , or the same little varmints are getting back in and caught repeatedly . I confess I have read online that you have to take them far , far away-but that is rather inconvenient when you find one in your basement twice a day , and you have small children in the house -- I really do n't want to jump in my car at midnight and go for a drive to let a mouse go , and I do n't want to make him sit there until morning with no water either.I am coming to the point where I should be almost finished rounding them up . Yet I am still catching them . I will edit this review if very soon the endless supply of little mice dries up.I suspected that the same guys were getting back in , so I started tagging them with a splotch of white out . I never did see a mouse caught that had white out on his back , but my dad made a good point that a mouse could scratch the white out off pretty easily . So who knows if I am catching fresh mice or repeat offenders.THE POINT IS , if you are buying a trap to catch mice and keep them alive , you may as well go with somehing like the green ones that come in a pack of 12 . Because we all know , if you have one mouse , you probably have 10 . And unless you are going to buy 10 of these things , you will be catching mice one at a time , for a long time , and will either be doing a lot of driving at odd times of day to release the little critter , or you will let him go too close to your house and he may come back in.If I will continue to deal with the mice this way , the jury is still out.But the product itself is great and works as intended . I just wish I could afford 8 or 10 of them . Then I could drive the all to the park at the same time.What I would really pay money for -- is for someone to tell me how to figure out how they are getting in ... It seems like you would really have to tear your whole house up to do so . That seems like the best way to rid your house of mice , though .
 It 's amazing what goes on after dark in the garden.The battle continues ... and I 'm gaining/winning . I catch something almost every night .
 My Philadelphia mice do n't like any other humane mouse traps
 We used Havahart mouse traps for several years before our cats came to live with us . They were almost always well made and effective , but were accidentally damaged beyond repair . We have n't needed to replace them until this little guy showed that he was smart enough to elude 18 cats for the last few weeks.After reading several negative reviews about the quality of these traps , I was a little reluctant to try Havahart again . But when I opened the box today , I was pleased to see that the trap was just like our old ones . Three hours later , our mouse was on his way to a nearby area of meadows and woods.Some of the complaints I read were about the mechanisms not working properly . They can be a bit tricky to set . The intersection of the rods requires a delicate balance . And if the treadle that springs the doors shut is against the side of the trap rather than in the center , or the rods are bent a little , it can prevent it from working properly . It just takes a bit of patience , and maybe some minor adjustment , and the trap should work well . Our new one worked just like ours from 15-20 years ago . I 'm very pleased with it .
 We 've been buying variations of Tomcat 's traps for quite a while now , and those USED to work , but the last few we 've had to return for refunds , either because they 've closed then let the mice out , or they just never shut even when a mouse went all the way in.So decided to try something new , by a different company , and after reading many reviews of several different kinds of no kill traps , decided on this one , mostly because it got a decent number of 5 star ratings , AND the fact that it was a metal trap vs plastic , which the little buggers can chew through too easily . The number of one star ratings was a bit of a concern , but we got it anyway , figuring if it did n't work , we 'd send it back.We apparently fall in with the 61 people who liked it , vs the 32 people who did n't . Had it set up for about the last 5 hours , and so far have caught NINE mice ! * CLANK ! * Make that TEN , just caught another one.The instructions really ARE N'T that clear , they tell you to do this with that part , but do n't really give a clear indication which part THAT one is , but after reading through them a few times , and comparing the diagrams to the trap itself , it really was n't that hard to figure out , had it set up in less than 10 minutes.A suggestion to the folks who say their mice run in , eat , and run back out without setting off the trap , have you tried keeping one door closed and putting the bait at that end to force them to run over the trigger plate and shut the door that way ? I can see how having both doors open could easily result in a mouse escaping -LRB- unless I 've misread the instructions - a distinct possibility - and do n't have the two door set up done correctly -RRB- , but keeping one door closed looks like it would solve most of that problem . * CLANG ! * Make that ELEVEN mice tonight ! Sheesh.My only grievance with this trap is that the Amazon listing says it 's Made In The USA . I 'll second someone else 's comment in that it 's actually made in China . Not too keen on that , do try to buy American when I can , but went ahead and got it anyway . And other than that , I 'd say this trap is definitely a keeper ! Eleven mice in one night , we broke a household record tonight.EDIT
 I recommend this product very highly . It is very easy to bait and set and worked perfectly to capture mice without injury . It is more effective than conventional `` snap '' traps , which in my experience do not capture the animal in more than half the cases , and often inflict gruesome but non-fatal injuries . These traps are humane and effective .
 I love humane rat traps . I use them to gently catch the little buggers , and then I drop them into my python aquarium . it is the most humane method i can think of for dispatching rats and mice . Theeeeeeee ciiiircle of life ! I figure I save 75 bucks a year in rat fees !!!! THANK YOU HAVAHEART RAT TRAP !! Loading ...
 The product arrived in a timely manner and was cheaper then others I have seen . After years of killing mice with wooden traps I felt I should try the havaheart trap . Not only does it catch mice in a humane way ... I have grown to liking the little critters and now want to keep them as pets .
 was difficult at first learning how to set , I bought in order to capture chipmunks and have been surprised to also capture mice / moles as well just by using a square inch of bread with a little peanut butter on it
 It works great , and it 's very easy to figure out and use . I 've caught both small and bigger animals without a problem .
 We found we had an invasion of mice in our shed in the back yard . The first week we put two cages out everyday and caught at least one mouse most of the time - two . Unbelievable . We had to buy another set so we would make sure we caught them . With a mouse count of well over 25 we are very happy with these cages .
 I have only had for a week , and have caught at least 30 chipmonks.Took them to the neighbors to visit . Hopefully they will enjoy thier new pets .
 This trap works really well . A big chunk of Monterey Jack cheese seems to work better than peanut butter on bread -LRB- on my first try , he escaped with the peanut butter and bread without tripping the mechanism -RRB- . It takes a little practice to set up and you have to remember to place the locking mechanisms back into place after setting the trap . It was easy to transport my unwelcome house guest to a nice place outside , where mice belong . This product is easy on both the human and the mouse .
 Once you figure out how to set the hair-trigger mechanism , you will absolutely catch house mice with this trap . The mice are unharmed though freaked out . Expect to clean some itty bitty poops from inside and around the trap after you take your captured mouse far , far away from your home to release it . Try cake decorating icing gel for bait ... they love it .
 I selected this mouse trap because it was the only one that provided enough ventilation to ensure that the mouse would remain healthy until s/he could be released . I set it up in a corner on a shelf where I frequently see a mouse . It was a little hard to set it up correctly and balance the triggers just so , but once set , it caught a mouse by the next morning . You can open both doors or just one , your option . As long as I kept the bait fresh -LRB- peanut butter , according to others ' suggestions in these reviews -RRB- , it worked reliably - I caught four mice this way , releasing them a considerable distance away , and have n't heard from any since . Glad I bought it .
 I have been trying to rid my house of mice for about 3 years now . I wont kill them , but I dont want to live with them either , so Ive tried all kinds of humane traps . They have all worked to some extent , but all the kinds that are closed at one end seem to deter the mice from entering , I guess because they can see that they cant get through . And even when those do work , there is always the risk of forgetting to check the traps , and leaving the poor little thing in there to suffocate ... But this Havahart trap is wonderful !! First , because its designed like a cage , the mice cant run out of air . Because they are not used to cages , they could still stress themselves out enough to die if they were left confined for way too long , but if you forget to check the traps for a day or two , they will still be alive , as there is plenty of air -LRB- assuming the bait you used provides enough food and water - I use rasberries and blueberries -RRB- . Now the best part
 About 15 years ago , our apartment building began having occassional mouse problems , with my own apartment receiving 2 or 3 visits from a stray little fellow each year . I was truly appalled to see some of the more modern solutions in the stores -- I 'd always had a problem with the idea of the traditional spring traps and poisons , but the houses containing sticky-bottomed floors seemed unduly cruel . I do n't want to kill the little SOBs , let alone torture them ; I just do n't want them as roommates.The Havahart live trap is a good , humane , cost effective solution to it all . The mechanism is a simple bait-table connected to a set of two thick and sturdy exterior wires which -- on a new trap -- trips very easily -LRB- a bit of delicate , deft handling of the exterior wires is needed to get the trap to not spring closed during setup -- those with large fingers will have a difficult time with it I would think -RRB- . Following capture and release , a good cleaning in a bucket of bleach , well rinsed , and the trap is ready to go again.For the more romatically inclined , there 's a good feeling to be had in preparing a Wine & Cheese Platter -LRB- actually , I use toilet tissue and peanut butter -RRB- in my attempts to be a good host to the occasional visit from Mr. Mouse . The trap works well enough that normally I see no evidence of a mouse in my kitchen prior to him appearing in the trap -- over the years , I 've come to regard the visitors less as disease-ridden destructive vermin , and more as a cute if unkempt old friend who gives me a good excuse to swab the kitchen in bleach.I normally replace traps every five or six years , and not because they break or become non-functional -- Over time , the trap tends to get a funky dark tarnished patina which is simply too unattractive to my eye . With reasonable care , these traps can be a one-time purchase which need no replacement.Aesthetic loss aside , after a year or so of use , it helps to oil the moving parts of the trap -- without this , it 's possible for the mouse to enter the trap , steal the bait , and leave without tripping the mechanism . Be careful also of too heavy-handed handling of the trap when cleaning -- although sturdy enough , the walls of the cage can be bent with a bit of pressure , which will prevent easy movement of the doors and bait-table . This is , to my mind , one of those superior products which one always returns to . Whoever crafted the phrase `` build a better mousetrap '' never saw one of these . It 's cheap , it 's permanent , it works.UPDATE
 -LRB- NOTE
 We love this trap . We 've used it for years , and it was a fantastic investment . -LRB- Much cheaper than a hundred snap traps ! -RRB- It 's a little tricky to prop the metal where it bends , and if you set it `` hard '' it apparently does n't release the hinge -- we have lost mice that took the bait but did n't spring the doors . But lordie we 've caught many . We usually leave just one door open . I like that it is roomy and airy enough for the caught mouse to finish their final meal and wait for me to release them , rather than being stressed in a tiny plastic chamber . Bait tip
 Works great catching mice . No bloody or gruesome mess like with the traditional traps or screaming mice on the glue traps . No guilt with killing the little buggers , either . Plus the kids like to look at them before they 're released . Downsides
 Very effective - often even works without bait if you put it in the right location . Because the critters can see through it like a tunnel , they are much less afraid to go inside . The only drawback is that you can only catch one at a time , so you may need multiple traps .
 We purchased this Havahart trap along with another type of trap called the Tin Cat . We had been using tiny single plastic humane traps that we purchased at OSH . The Havahart , although I found the instructions a little vague , has worked the best . It 's a little hard to set if you 're using bait that moves -LRB- we use cat food nuggets -RRB- as you have to set the trap so that the food holder is level , then reach your hand in to set the bait there without touching and setting off the trap . But once you get it in there , this trap works really well . And the mouse has enough room that if you do n't grab it immediately , he can move around freely . The Tin Cat trap , on the other hand , did not catch anything !
 I accidentally ordered a size too small when trying to catch this rat in my kitchen . -LRB- This is really for a large mouse or baby rat . -RRB- However , it was a small rat in my kitchen , so I thought it might work anyway . Then , after about a month of not catching the little bastard , I worried that the rat might have grown too big for the trap and it would n't work anyore.Two days ago -- eureka ! Finally that little bastard ran right into the trap . I took him on a walk down to the river , next to an amusement park , because I figured he 'd have lots of foot and water there.You 're supposed to let the rat go at least a mile away from your house or they 'll find their way back.The upshot is that you need to be patient -- do n't expect it to work for at least a month , because rats are a lot more wary than mice . You need to let it sit there , baited and open , for at least a month before htey get used enough to seeing it so they 'll lose their fear.Also , set it flush against the wall . They like to run along walls , and throught tunnels , so you HAVE to buy the 2-door trap so it looks like a tunnel . Believe , me , I 've tried the one door trap and that was useless .
 The way this trap is designed , a normal size rat will prevent the doors from closing enough to engage the locking mechanizm allowing them to `` eat and run '' . You 'll have to go with a larger trap size to catch rats . I give it 5 stars for product quality etc. just not big enough for rats . : -RRB-
 I bought the Havahart trap to catch a mouse in my kitchen that had chewed through plastic humane traps that I had purchased from the hardware store . I ordered it one day -LRB- next day shipping -RRB- then received it and caught the mouse the next day ! I saw a previous review saying that the door edges can be sharp , so I ran a file over them before putting it out just to prevent any unnecessary injury -LRB- it might not have been necessary , but as easy as it was ... why not -RRB- . I ca n't say enough good things about this trap . It was well worth the $ 10 extra compared to the plastic humane traps -LRB- Tomcat -RRB- from the hardware store .
 This trap is very effective . We 've caught many , many mice with it . At some point we found out that after a while , we were catching the same very smart mouse. : - -RRB-
 I am very happy with this trap . It seems to catch mice a lot more consistently than 2 other humane traps I bought from Amazon at the same time . -LRB- J.B Eaton Repeater mouse trap and a small black plastic one that has a tunnel shape -RRB- . The &#34; Reapeater trap is the worst , it only caught 1 mouse once . The tunnel one caught mice 2x . But this one is the BEST.The humane way is best . The glue traps make mice freak out , they actually rip their skin off trying to pull away and are still alive and bleeding for who knows how long afterwards . The spring traps I USED TO think would be fast and quick , but they are not . The last one I used snapped on the nose of the mouse . Therefore It stayed alive and was shrieking in pain all night . That day I decided to buy humane traps . They are pretty darn cute for being germy desructive little buggers.The downside to this trap is opening the doors to free it . You do n't want to be bitten . I usually take it to the park , set it by my car window , get back into the car , roll down the window , and use a long stick to wiggle the door open and the watch the mouse run off . It is still worth it . Be sure to let the mouse go free a few miles from your home , I have heard they use their little noses to smell their way back home . P.S Apparently scared mice poop like crazy .
 This product works great right out of the box . I caught a mouse in it the first night it was set using cereal as bait . The trap was easy to set up and bait and needed no adjustments . I love that this product is a safe and humane alternative to snap traps or poisons or those awful glue-type traps . Good karma to you if you choose a humane live-trap , plus it 's MADE IN THE USA .
 This trap is most effective when you dangle the bait from the top above the trip plate . I recommend using only one door .
 We noticed mouse turds on our basement pantry shelves , so I put out the Havahart mouse trap with peanut butter for bait . One week and 5 captured mice later , I am sold on this trap . We just put it on the floor beneath our pantry shelves in the basement at night , and in the morning like clockwork there 's another mouse in it ! I 've used glue traps in the past , but getting the mice off of them is hard and messy . Peanut butter seems like an excellent bait . I will say , the instructions could use somewhat better drawings to help in seeing exactly how to set the trap .
 So far , this is the best humane mousetrap I have used . As long as you are careful handling it , it will continue to perform well . If it should be dropped or squeezed , it may need realignment . I 've done it many times , it 's mostly common sense adjustment . One tip
 The cold and snow cover this winter drove a single mouse into my attic . I bought this trap , baited it with peanut butter , put it in the attic and by the morning I 'd caught the mouse . Simple as that .
 Dealing with my annual migration of mice into my garage . I have had good luck with the Victor M007 for a couple of years ; caught about a dozen with it . But I came across one critter this year who was too much for it . She escaped twice by flipping it over , then when it did manage to lock her in , she chewed her way out of it . She was too smart to go anywhere near the Victor Woodstream M323 I got at the local hardware store -LRB- I should have read the reviews on that one -RRB- . so back I went ot my trusty Amazon reviewers and chose this one . I set it out after dinner with some sunflower seeds trailing into it . Two hours later before , I glanced out before going to bed , and there she was , securely trapped and nibbling away on her seeds.One advantage I see over the Victor M007 is that the mice do n't get all sweaty and over heated . If you do n't get them out of the M007 within a few hours , they often die , because it is such a small enclosed space . With this Havahart trap , I just left her out there until morning , then drove her to my favorite release spot.Note to live catch devotees
 Received the trap , set it up in the garage this evening with a little peanut butter/oats and had a mouse in the trap within two hours . I will drop him in a field a mile from the house tomorrow and see what I catch tomorrow night . We have four lazy cats , who we evidently feed too much . The trap has been a good purchase for us.The trap is ideally sized for mice , voles , and shrews and possibly some smaller species of rats . If you are looking for a trap against large urban rats the size of small dogs look for a bigger trap . I ca n't speak to some of the negative reviews about trapping chipmunks without specifics but if the animal is large enough that the tail or hind end stop the door from closing all the way you need a bigger trap.The trap was made in China but seemed well constructed and I did n't notice any machine oil smell as noted by one reviewer . The trap arrived in good shape in its own box . The Have-a-hart traps are an old design , but a proven one that has worked for years and should work for many years to come.There is a bit of assembly required in that the U shaped door latches must be inserted to make sure the doors stay closed once the trap is sprung . It is very easy and intuitive to do so . Make sure the door locks are directed toward the center of the trap . Play around with it and you will figure it out.Some reviewers claim that the trap is too sensitive or not sensitive enough . I would have to comment that either they have set the trap wrong , failed to secure the door latches properly , dropped it from a large height while placing on the floor or they are trying to trap something way to big for the trap . It is a mouse trap , not rocket science , and there is nothing wrong with the design of these traps . They have worked for decades . If you have mice or small rats , and lazy cats like us , this trap should do the trick for you .
 This worked very well catching the family of mice that moved in behind our sink . These traps do take some getting used to in terms of learning how to set them correctly - especially the very small traps may need some adjustments to the metal arms , but once they are set right they do the job.Getting the right sized trap is important - too big and the little animal will not trigger it , too small and the big animal 's size prevents it from latching shut.Mice like plain , white bread or peanut butter . Not cheese!I recommend putting the trap on newspaper , as mice will defecate when they are frightened and it rolls out of the cage onto the surface the trap is on . When the mouse is in there you can put the trap into a shoe-box or similar sized box to transport somewhere to release.These only catch one at a time . If you are dealing with an infestation you may need to tackle it in a different manner .
 This was exactly what I was looking for . This trap safely catches mice without harming them so you can release them back into the wild . I highly recommend this trap to anyone who has a heart and does n't want any animal to suffer regardless of the circumstance . Just make sure you check the trap everyday because mice are scared when caught and do not have access to food or water .
 This fat little mouse used to make a mad dash across the kitchen floor , with the two little Terrier mixes always too late to do anything but jump up , skitter around , and look up
 Havahart 1020 Two Door Cage Trap for Mice and Rats 10 x 3 x 3Havahart 1020 Two Door Cage Trap for Mice and Rats 10 x 3 x 3Sometimes they get caught.Sometimes they steal the bait .
 We received the product speedily . We have used it several times and it works well
 The product was wonder ful but instead of shipping with United Parce which you usually do , you shipped USPS and for me that is a nightmare , I have to dive 30 miles , stand in line at the Post Office for 30 minutes . United Parcel delivers to my door with a greeting and smile . I might think twice about ordering from Amazon next time .
 Worked the first night . Put a piece of cracker with some peanut butter on it , and woke up the next morning with the mouse in the trap . Let him go in a park nearby the next night . No more mouse in the house . Highly recommend this product .
 I love animals , yes mice too and every so often we get field mice in the house , especially when the cold weather comes . I have 2 of these traps , if I see a mouse I set it and place it where I saw the mouse . I do not even use bait in the traps . Mice seem to use the same trail , like if I saw a mouse run across my kitchen near the wall , that 's where I will set a trap . They run into it pretty fast and I have my husband bring the mouse to the fields not to far from my house . If you love animals then get this . I have only tried the one for mice but they are very very good .
 We have had a problem with mice in our house , but did n't want to kill them . We bought this Havahart live mouse trap and have trapped four mice , which we then relocated to a wooded area some distance from our house . We hope they survived , but at least we gave them a chance . The trap works very well , and we recommend it . We found that our mice like peanut butter , chocolate chips , and dried cranberries , and that these make good bait for the trap .
 The Hav-a-Heart trap is great . It 's easy to use , infinitely humane , and far less traumatizing to either the animal or the purchaser . We set ours up and in the morning had a mouse , whom we escorted to a new locale . Very easy to use , bait , and clean -LRB- do wear rubber gloves though ! -RRB- . I highly recommend it.Unfortunately , it might be best to buy your trap directly from the manufacturer , as Amazon shipped me a `` new '' trap that had been used , and it arrived dirty and soiled . Amazon 's response was to take the liberty to ship me a new one -LRB- unused ? -RRB- though I did not ask for a new trap to be shipped , as I could not afford to wait the week for the new trap to arrive -LRB- another week of the critters frolicking in my basement ? nope ! -RRB- . And to whomever might consider using a trap and then returning it for credit ? Please be kind and do n't do that .
 We had a little intruder enter our home . We do n't like poison or regular mouse traps so we ordered this humane trap.The trap was a little difficult to put together . It 's also slightly difficult to put the bait in since it 's small . If you have large hands it 's hard to reach in.Other than that , it worked like a charm . It trapped our mouse and we were able to take it to the woods and release it . We read that if you let it go close to your home , it will come right back in , so we took it down the road.It 's set up for any new intruders but we have n't had another .
 I use the 1020 and 1025 Havahart traps for rats . Recently got 14 in 6 nights at our ranch . The 1020 works perfect for small rats -LRB- juvies -RRB- and the 1025 works perfect for full sized adults . Occasionally I catch a juvie in the 1025 but for the most part they prefer the 1020 . I 'd HIGHLY recommend getting at least one of each .
 Poisoned rodents decimate raptor -LRB- birds of prey -RRB- populations . Therefore , I wanted to make an environmentally sound decision in getting rid of the mouse in my house . I wanted to avoid resorting to killing , and also had the safety and welfare of my pet parrots in mind also . Havahart was highly recommended to me , but my mistake was in choosing a model designed for larger rodents ; while the trap worked , the mouse was able to get through the holes , and so capture efforts were unsuccessful . I contacted Havahart , and they recommended the # 1020 model ; it 's a lot smaller than the picture shows ; the holes are very small and tight , effectively preventing a small rodent 's escape . I set the trap last night and baited with peanut butter and a piece of millet . By this morning , I 'd caught the mouse alive . I transported it to a forest preserve and released it . Now , if he 's consumed by raptors or fox , he 'll make a safe meal . Thank you , Havahart ! If the mice you have are small , then get the # 1020 model , and you wo n't be sorry . It 's safe , it 's effective , and it works beautifully ! 9/1/2010
 Bought this item to eradicate a mouse problem in my basement . Within 45 minutes of set up , mouse # 1 was caught and released to the wild . Within hours of the next 7 settings , mice were caught and released unharmed.It has been 36 hours since the last setting , and looks like the problem has been solved.Well worth the investment , and my spouse is no longer calling me a killer .
 Yup , it works . I set two traps yesterday and I had two mice caught in the morning . The kids are relocating them as I write this.I would recommend peanut butter as bait . The little platform the bait sticks on never really sits straight so something sticky is good . And mice love peanut butter .
 Caught the mouse in about 5 minutes , so no complain about effectiveness.The only issue is that the manual and the draws do n't help much to set up . Takes a while to figure it out.Otherwise great product , worth the money .
 Bought this for my Mom for Xmas last year . She loves it , and my mother is particular about what she puts in her yard . All metal construction , solid , heavy , assembles quickly , ages nicely -- gets a neat patina on it . In 3 years it will look like something that has always been in place .
 Heavy cast aluminum bracket should last forever . Very strong design will make the mounting screws the most likely point of failure should a tree limb or something fall on the pole . Makes the stamped steel one I replaced look like a part to a toy . Highly recommended !
 This is a very sturdy bracket . It holds the flag in place very well even in high winds . I painted it to match the color of my house so it is unobtrusive . I am happy with my purchase .
 I love this flag pole holder . Its sold hard unbendable metal unlike the ones that come with the flag kits at Wal-mart . Its been up for well over 4 months now and has n't bent . I went through 3 other holders all with a little wind bent downward ugghhh . This one has not . Well worth the extra cost ...
 This is a very sturdy flag bracket . I have been through several `` home center '' brackets over the past few years ... plastic and metal both ... all eneded up broken . My flag is mounted to a round wood column . I know this flag bracket is intedned to be mounted to a flat surface but it worked fine for me anyway . I just was careful not to overtighten the screws . So far ... no problems . I aniticpate this bracket lasting a long time .
 The 3 birds in the nest with the umbrella over them is a cute addition as a rain gauge to my flower garden .
 There is nothing I can say about this wonderfull tool . I have had Felco pruners for years and the Felco 4 works best for me.I usually get it cleaned and sharpened every year and it keeps working like new . My most recent purchase was a result of me giving my old one to my mother.At the price that Amazon was offering , its a no brainer !!!!
 I bought mine maybe 20 years ago . I love it . There are been days when I cut with it for hours , and get a lot of work done -- it keeps on cutting , my hand does n't cramp , I do n't get frustrated with it , it does n't get dull on me . I 've sharpened it a couple times over the years . I have n't had to replace any parts . You have to adjust the nut to get the right tension on the hinge -- but it is adjustable , and it stays adjusted . Every once in a while you have to clean it , because plant juices dry on it , and dirt sticks to that . Not a problem.You get one of these , you can work for hours , and you get a lot of work done . I bought one for my wife , so now we do n't have to pass it back and forth , take turns using it , or discuss who gets to use the Felco , and who has to use the lousier tool.I got big hands . There 's another one for smaller hands .
 I needed to replace my girl 's beloved `` rose pruners '' that I broke - it simply snapped apart when I tried to cut a 3/8 inch root!When I found the Felco 's for sale I jumped on this one - great price , best in class quality.I ran a Professional XMAS tree farm and I and other growers all used Felco 's . The price may seem high but you 'll forget that in 15 years when these are still working and you realize you would likely be on your 15th toy trimmer - buy quality the first time - these last - you will not be disappointed.Felco Classic Manual Pruning Shears #F -5
 This is my second pair of Felco pruners . I 'm sure I would have enjoyed my first pair for much longer than the 14-plus years I had owned them if I had n't lost them . I 'm thinking they may have somehow ended up in a leaf-recycling bag or buried in a hole with a transplanted shrub . It was springtime and I was pretty much helpless in the yard without them . They perform very well , are durable , and fit comfortably in hand . I would n't even consider any other brand .
 These pruners are very well made . They are hefty but comfortable to use . I like that you can closed them with a flick of your fingers a good safety feature . I look forward to may years of use . .
 This was a gift for our son , because we have had one for many years . It is sharp and stays so . It is strong and well built . -LRB- It even stands up to the occasional over use . -RRB-
 If you want the best , buy these . Outstanding product with superb performance and a great track record . I could n't be more satisfied with both price and Felco 's F-2 .
 The Felco pruners are not just the best pruners - they are the ONLY pruners anyone should ever purchase . I 've had mine for twelve years and I 've replaced the blades and springs a number of times - very few companies offer replacement parts - it 's a real plus for Felcos . Whether you 're attracted to the basic F-2 or any of the others they are wonderful . Amazon sells them at the best price .
 These are my favorite pruners , but I feel they are overpriced at the current approximately $ 47 price . You could easily buy two to four other pruners for this price , and I really think you should buy others because I think you would waste -LRB- wear out -RRB- these on repetitive and abundant pruning if you have lots and lots of general pruning to do , as I do in Maine . I try to use mine only on harder brush type plants , like roses and rosa rugosas , and even then they do about 85 % great cuts . For my other general pruning I use my cheaper pruners -LRB- Fiskars -RRB- . I paid $ 37 -LRB- and I thought that was crazy -RRB- two years ago so if you buy them now you appear to be paying extra for the currency drop of the dollar . I saw these pruners being used at a local nursery and asked to try them . Do the same if you can to see if they provide that much of a better cut over cheaper priced , but still good , other pruners , especially at this price .
 I 've got large hands and I love these pruners . If you have roses you know that you need a bypass pruner to get a clean cut . So that 's why I bought these , but I use them for everything . I can cut up to an inch thick tree branch with very little trouble . They sharpen right up easily , they clean up with a bit of WD-40 and steel wool on the blade -LRB- to get the pine sap off from cutting up my Christmas tree . -RRB- Once I bought these I stopped using my larger pruners so often . Just not needed.I 've also bought a set of the F-6 size for my girlfriend . Her hands are smaller and they work better for her . After years of those other pieces of junk she can hardly believe what a decent set of pruning sheers is like . There is a reason they keep these things behind the glass at my local hardware store . They are definitely the choice of gardening professionals.I tried the roller grip pruners in the store but I do n't like the feel . I wear garden gloves or plain old work/welding gloves when I 'm cutting back the blackberry canes and the solid feel of the F-2 is easier to use with the gloves on.Once you buy a set you 'll never go back .
 The best part is the locking nut that adjusts the blade tension . Other pruners ' adjusting nut will `` float '' making it difficult to have consistent cuts . I have pruned acres of grape vines with these and will use no other pruner . It is high quality that cuts clean and lasts a long time .
 If gardening is a true passion for you , do n't think twice about the price on these pruners -- they are worth every penny . I have easily spent $ 40 on less-than-amazing pruners in the past year ... as long as you clean off the Felco pruners after using -LRB- I wipe them off with a damp towel , then dry , and then I use WD-40 to prevent rust -RRB- , they will last you a long time .
 I checked several web sites - including Felco - and got the same pruner here much cheaper . These pruners are top notch ... will last several years , if not decades , if you take care of them .
 They came in perfect shape and quickly delivered . They were a gift for an employee who is leaving to become a professional landscape designer . She swears by Felco 's , as do I. # 2 was the only size she did n't already have . No one could beat Amazon 's price and service .
 I have had this pruner for 5 years and it is the pruner most recommended by all my gardening friends . . I purchased the last Felco pruner as a gift for my son and I plan on giving another one as a gift . They are the best , I 've tried all the discount brands and these have lasted the longest . Others have fallen apart within 1 year of purchase .
 These shears are well designed with superior construction . They are wonderful to use in the garden .
 Heartily recommended to anyone needing quality secateurs . I use them most days in my work . From rose pruning to branches/twigs that hit you in the face whilst mowing . They do the job and do it well .
 I gave this tool as a gift for a die-hard gardener who lost his other Felco prunner . He loves it and he always has trusted Felco products . It is extremely sharp and when its pieces wear out they are replaceable .
 We 've owned various pruning shears over the years and were never totally pleased with their performance . I 've had a chance to use the Felco F-2 and it works like it should . Clean cuts every time . Highly recommend - worth the extra bucks !
 These are really high Quality Pruners I got them for myself but , my Husband saw them and really loved them . . stainless steel sharp blades in a nice case . . really the best I have ever had . . I would recommend them highly . . they may cost more but , will outlast any other pruner I ever bought..thumps-up on these . I love them .
 You wo n't be sorry you spent the extra bucks on these fine pruners . This is the second pair I have owned -LRB- someone swung with the first pair ! -RRB- and they continue to earn their keep . We have a small home orchard and farm and they get a workout . These are the regular size which are just a tad larger in my hand than I 'd like . If you have a small hand you should consider the smaller size . Keep them clean and sharp and they will last forever !
 Arrived quickly - these pruners were all I hoped they would be . Comfortable grip and sharp blades make the trimming easy .
 I kept buying cheap pruners and replacing them . I saw my landscapers using these and not struggling as was to do a nice job without damaging my plants . They are nicely made and with the replacement parts , should be my last pruners ever . They also seem to be designed well as hand fatigue is reduced . Expensive but cheaper than replacing pruners every year or two .
 Felco pruners have been my favored garden tools . The quality is excellent and reliable . The cut is clean and precise.I recommend the F-2 to any gardner .
 Cuts fish gills and fins without a problem ! Prunes very well , too , of course . I oil it after each use and cleaning . Comes with a small tool that needs to be kept separately . I 'm afraid to lose it .
 These pruners are used by every volunteer at our arboretum as recommended by our volunteer leader .
 I could not garden without these pruners . I had my first ones and lost them after Christmas so I ordered new ones and now feel that I can have a lovely garden this year . Could not live without them .
 I use and abuse these pruners everyday and they keep on working . Any part that ever needs to be replaced can be , making them the last pruner you will ever need to buy .
 This is great , top of the line , came quickly and the roses look great .
 I have only used these for 2 weeks , but so far I 'm very pleased . They have a good grip , and are great for pruning my roses , plants of all kinds , and have maintained their sharpness.Marge
 Asked for this for my birthday as a neighbor/friend has a pair and `` swears '' by them . I can see why
 I inherited a Felco hand pruner from a dear friend who could not do any gardening any more due to health issues . I knew they had to be good otherwise she would not give me an old pair of pruners . And boy , are they great!She had these pruners for a number of years , and they are still sharp and cut like new ! I have n't had to sharpen them . They feel comfortable in my small hand . They operate very smoothly , they lock very smoothly , much nicer compared to the others pruners I 've used . And they work ! I can cut through some thick branches with ease , despite being a relative weakling.If I ever needed another pair -LRB- even though I doubt this one will break -RRB- I would definitely buy Felco Hand Pruner .
 I was given one of them about 10 years ago . I saw this and thought that I would give one to my daughter .
 Received before advised delivery date , very well packaged , a delight to use this f2 pruner , a pleasure to use , very easy to adjust , and extremely well made , plus the available spares make this a product that will last for many years . Highly recommend .
 The Felco F-2 is my favorite set of clippers , I actually have four of them now , each in its own place . I dont have to go looking for a set.I like the clean close cut that they make .
 Great pruners ! Good feel and always a smooth cut . I have used many others but the felcos have always been my favorite .
 I purchased my first F-2 pruner 25 years ago and continue to use it . I have replaced the blade twice . I like the pruner since it cuts well and you can replace parts . I purchased another F-2 for my wife to replace the dull lower quality pruner she was using .
 These are wonderful clippers . They cut cleanly and easily even through thick branches . I bought them on recommendation of a gardener friend who had had her pair for 20 years and they only needed to be sharpened once .
 These pruners are top quality , much much better than any pruner purchased at Home Depot . Pruner has great ergonomics , they stay sharp and are easy to use . I recently purchased a second pair of Felco Classic 's for my son .
 Best pair of pruners I have ever owned . Sharp enough to cut through anything in your garden and makes very clean cuts . Easy on the hands and well made . Excellent product .
 This is my second Felco Pruner . THe first one lasted more than 20 years . Well worth the money and if you do n't lose them they will last a very long time .
 I have wanted a Felco pruner for years but would n't spend the money for one . Always something that seemed more important to buy . A gift card from a brother was like a gift from a fairy godmother and I finally got my wish . They are super , fit my size 8 1/2 -LRB- glove -RRB- hand . My only concern is losing them . And I do n't wear belts to put a holster on , being female . I would urge the company to add a loop to the handle so one could attach a cord which could tie to ... whatever . Then this product would be perfect !
 I purchase only Felco for personal use but this particular order was for a gift -- what a delighted response I received ! These will eliminate the annual purchase of cheap discount/department store options .
 One of the best hand pruners I 've ever owned . It just keeps going like Energizer Bunny . I 've gone through other brand pruners and have replaced them due to blade alignment problems . This quality pruner has performed perfectly each and every time over the past several years . Recommended .
 Pruner very high quality and easy to use . I am a weakling but am able to make 1 '' cuts with ease .
 I had this Felco 2 classic for over 20 years and very happy with it . Unfortunately I put it in the trash can while cutting the trees .
 As an avid gardener , I had purchased many pruners over the years and would inevitably be disappointed with them because they would either break or the blades would n't stay sharp.About 10 years ago , I decided to pay the -LRB- high ! -RRB- cost for Felco F-2 pruners because I was sick of purchasing cheaper models that did n't last that long . I 've never regretted it . These are the BEST pruners that I have ever found and would highly recommend them to anybody who loves high quality products . The pruners are very hardy and the blades are still sharp -LRB- and I 'm hard on my tools -RRB- . My latest purchase of these pruners from Amazon were for gifts because I wanted my friends to have them . The price I paid on Amazon was much cheaper than what I paid for pruners 10 years ago AND with Prime free shipping , my purchase was a bargain . Highly recommend !
 There are none better as far as I am concerned ! I have been pruning nursery stock and anything green and woody that needs a little TLC for over twenty years , and these are the best shears on the face of the planet ! A worthwhile investment for the gardening/horticulture enthusiast and a must for the seasoned nursery professional !
 Everyone in my family has one of these at their house . It was a race to see who could get one for me for the holidays . They are absolutely amazing . My landscaping brother has his every day at the ready . I have now been able to clean up the yard mess that has been growing for months with ease !! Highly recommended as a must have tool for the house
 I highly recommend the Felco # 2 pruner . My garden shed will not be without them . I have medium sized female hands and the Felco # 2 fit . They are built to last a lifetime .
 I actually had a Felco hand pruner for several years . I recently lost this pair and had purchased another brand as its replacement . The replacement just did n't ` cut it ' . I 'm now using my recently purchased Felco pruner and happy with it feel and results .
 Ever since I got my first Felco pruner , I will not even consider buying any other brand . Not only do they work better than any other brand , they are simple to take apart and clean and replace worn parts . They are even relatively simple to sharpen , although it takes a slightly different touch than your pocket knife or chef 's knife.The bottom line is that they work really , really well for years , even without sharpening . Their scissors action is much better than the anvil style . This F-2 model is the most general purpose design and I use it on virtually everything.I will suggest that if , like me , you have relatively small hands , the smaller F-6 model is slightly more comfortable and easier to use for most work . I have both and use the F-6 for heavy duty end of the year pruning and the F-2 throughout the summer for average pruning jobs .
 I have a couple of rules about tools that I 've developed for myself , I 'll share one here , do n't buy crap . Most expensive does n't equate best , but do your homework and buy good quality , it will cost you less in the long run.A few years ago I bought a pair of corona `` professional '' pruners after having borrowed my brother-in-laws felco # 2 's . I used them for a couple of cuts and could n't stand them ... so I took them back , which I really do n't like to do much but they just were n't what they were represented to be by the salesman . Which is as good as Felco pruners . -LRB- Corona makes other good products I 'm especially fond of their lopers . -RRB- Then I went to another store -LRB- before I grew so fond of amazon -RRB- and bought some of these . I LOVE THEM . I ca n't say that enough so just in case you missed it , I LOVE THEM . For the last few years I 've used them every year for a good number of trees , shrubs and bushes . They are still sharp , I have n't even had to sharpen them . They cut like the day I bought them . They are so smooth and feel so nice in your hand compared to any of the others I 've used . -LRB- When I was young and dumb I worked landscaping for a while , the boss had a set of these , but we got stuck using whatever else , now I know why ! -RRB- If you want the best hand pruners that will last you at least twice as long , I think you 've found the right pair .
 Ok , I am an ex foreman arborist , now a stay at home dad . You will not find any better pruners . I had bought some cheap $ 5 pruners from HD and the things literally fell apart with the first use . When i was trimming trees I used these same pruners for about 3 years straight and they are AWESOME ! If your reading this then you probably do n't need my advice on buying Felcos , your just trying to pic a model . The #f -2 's are the standard pruner that my old job , Davey Tree , gave to its arborists . They work great and fit the hand perfect . I would suggest this model unless you 've tried others and know what you want . Good Luck and happy Pruning !
 I 've used a pruner for years -LRB- and actually it 's done other work such as cutting baling twine -RRB- and until our nursery man showed me his Felco , I could n't part with the first one . Now I 'm looking for plants that need a `` little tweaking '' . What a joy to use ! With replaceable parts , this pruner with the bright red handles lives up to the Swiss reputation for a quality product . You definitely get what you pay for with this indispensable tool .
 Like most , I hesitated before spending this much on a pruner . Over time , however , I 've tossed away so many cheaper models that , in retrospect I would have been better off financially and less frustrated had I bought the Felco to begin with.The test of a pruner is in its cut . These cut through fairly heavy branches quite easily and without spreading the blades and jamming , which is what ALL the cheaper pruners do . The second consideration is comfort . Felco deals with that by offering the same basic pruner in several models , including one for smaller hands . I find this model comfortable and I wear a medium men 's glove . I do wear gloves when pruning , by the way . Anyone who does not , regardless of the pruner make or model , is inviting blisters!These pruners will rust . There are as many rust-preventive products on the market as leaves on your trees , but what you really want for outdoor tools is a non-drying product . I use Fluid Film , which is lanolin-based . Rust Prevention
 I did n't buy these Felco Pruner 's Online at Amazon . . I 'm a Landscaper that 's been in business and using Felco pruners for well over 6 years I 've used them to cut branches that no other pruners would not . I would NEVER switch to anything else . They never break , and the blade 's are replacable if you ever ding the blade were it can not be repaired . Now that I know there here on Amazon , I plan on buying another pair , just in case I end up losing the one 's I have . There more than worth the money whether your using them for commercial use or just residental . They will cut any hardwood branch you need them to . Garenteed . And for the person who put them as three stars because of rust ; you need to oil them and keep them in better care than leaving them out in the yard at night . . they stay in my truck toolbox even during the winter and as long as you oil them once a week ; they will be fine .
 The quality of these pruners are obvious when you pick them up . They are comfortable to hold , even for my wife 's smaller hands . They slice branches and twigs cleanly and effortlessly . These should be an essential tool for any gardener .
 I have used my original Felco # 2 for 25 years and just purchased a second home and could n't live without one in that location.Barbara Pensell
 I helped with landscaping/pruning questions as a part-time job some years ago , so have had occasion to use many pruners . Felco makes the best out there , with no question in my mind . Fits hands well , cuts like butter . When I lost my Felco of six years , I lasted about two weeks without it . All other substitutes fell below the standard Felco had set .
 I ordered this pruner hesitantly , because of the price -LRB- more than double the price of most pruners -RRB- , but with a lot of pruning and plenty of arthritis , I find that the quality and ease of using this tool make the price seem low , when compared to less expensive pruners . It works well with little effort , cleans up easily , and keeps its edge .
 I think these are the best gardening shears . I find them easy to use , even with arthritis creeping into my hands .
 Love these , high quality , you get what you pay for , ca n't go wrong , pricey but worth it ! Arrived quickly and well packaged .
 There is a good reason why so many people buy from this manufacturer and why almost every professional landscaper owns this product . It is because it is so well made . There are several similar products , depending upon your hand size and the thickness of the items you need to prune . You will probably pass this product on to your grandchildren -LRB- or they may permanently borrow it from you -RRB- .
 We have been using Felco pruners for decades -LRB- maybe 4 or 5 . -RRB- They would never have to be replaced if my wife would stop throwing them out with the yard waste ! Great item -- though expensive -LRB- you get what you pay for . -RRB-
 These work great . They are the best i do n't think I will ever buy another brand of sheers . They are just perfect
 Note to all other pruner manufacturers
 These are a Christmas gift to replace the ones my husband broke . I love all Felco products and know they have an excellent reputation . I look forward to using them later in the winter
 These pruners were recommended in a master gardener class . I have a pair for myself and bought this pair for my son . Outstanding tool !
 Recently purchased so limited use at this point . So far - solid , precise construction and operation ; ergonomic handles/grip . Value priced . Real test will be performance & durability over time .
 Night and day difference between these and the pruners you can get ate your local H *** D **** or L **** . The blades are very sharp and keep their edge .
 This is my second pair of Felco Pruners , they are well worth the money . They stay sharp and can handle all kinds of twigs and branches as well as delicate flowers . I 've tried other pruners and these far surpass any others I 've used . Money well spent !
 I love the Felco pruner . When you see gardeners that have been in the business for awhile they all use the Felco brand .
 I 've used Felco pruners for over 20 years . Every time I 've switched to a `` cheaper '' brand , I 've been disappointed . No more . It 's Felco only from now on . The #F -2 size is perfect for all-around pruning . The grip is comfortable and the blades stay sharp for a long time , and are easy to sharpen when needed . The quick-lock switch is a great , easy-to-use feature and provide an element of safety as well . It 's nothing but Felco 's for me . I use them almost every weekend during my gardening therapy sessions . Do n't skimp , get yourself some Felcos . Oh , I own three other sizes as well !
 I have found Felco pruners and lopers to be the very best . They last ! They are well designed for ease and effectiveness in use . It 's a case of you get what you pay for . Given the number of less expensive pruning shears I 've bought , Felco pruners may even be a great bargain !
 I have had several different types of pruner , but finally decided to spend the extra money and get something that looked well made , easy to use and does the job . This is great and have become a Felco fan from now on .
 As a Christmas Tree farmer , my pruner is my primary tool . This pruner is a workhorse and the only one that any of our employees will use . In fact , I 've never seen another Christmas Tree farmer use anything else . The price means nothing to me , as I 've been using the same pruner for many years . Only the blade is changed .
 I bought these as a graduation present for my daughter who has just taken up gardening . I have used my Felco 's almost daily for 20 years . They are virtually indestructible and can be used everywhere in the garden .
 I 've had mine for a couple of years now and still like them . They 've worn well even though I do n't treat them very well . I 'll admit that I got them in part because of the snob appeal . Every horticulturist I know has a pair of Felco 's in a holster on their belt.You may want to see these in person first , though , before buying them on Amazon . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and have pretty big hands , but the F-2s seem a tad big even for me . Maybe think about getting the F-6 . The price on Amazon was considerably lower than my local garden centers ' .
 I am very pleased with the Felco Classic pruner . It is strong , accurate and lightweight . I cut and trim everything from roses and volunteer seedlings to 25ft high bamboo . I have used 3 pruners over the past 30 years , and I feel confident that this will be the last pruner I buy and will last me another 30 years .
 This is the best hand pruner I have ever owned . I like it so well that I let my neighbor use it and now he is getting two of them , one for himself and one for his brother .
 I have used many , less expensive pruners over the years and never thought much about them . After attending a rose seminar , I decided to invest in a pair of really good pruners . What a difference !! Much easier cuts ! Blades are so much sharper and give clean , smooth cuts that will be better for health of my roses . I like the feature that allows for replacement of parts , although the rosarian who gave the seminar I attended was using her mother 's Felco pruners that were over 40 years old !!
 There are many look-alike hand pruners -LRB- all made cheaply in China -RRB- on the market and I have bought half a dozen over the years . My experience is they soon cut poorly , are imprecise , are hard on your hands , fall apart.Because the pruner is an essential gardening tool , I finally decided to spend the money and get the Felco F-2 . I am glad I did . It makes gardening work so much easier , faster . This pruner is well-designed , super sharp , sturdy , well-made . I do not think I will need to buy another pruner for years.I also bought and recommend the leather holster so the tool is always safely at hand when I am in the garden .
 This is an espensive pruner - no doubt about it ! Compared to my old one it is like night and day . This thing cuts well , smoothly , easily . It seems to fit the hand almost as if custom made . It comes with sharpening instructions should you ever need it . Best of all it comes with a complete parts list so you can replace a broken or damaged part should that unlikely event take place . I suspect my grandson might inherit this item because I think it 's gon na last forever!Once again buying quality is the best long term bargain . No more orange handled products for me .
 I just purchased my second Felco F-2 as my thirty-year old one was becoming worn . After getting the new one , I disassembled the old one , cleaned the rust off the handle lock , sharpened the blade , and reassembled it . Except for the plastic worn off the tip of the handle you can not tell them apart , either visually or mechanically . Now , my wife and I wo n't have to share one pair anymore !
 These pruners are simply the best ! They are second to none with quality materials and replaceable parts . I know from over 40 years experience with gardening .
 I looked in regular stores for a good pruner but only found the low quality Chinese stuff . I then searched online for a pruner made in the US but found this swiss pruner . It is great , cuts like butter and of good solid quality . I am sure I will still have and use it in 10 years whereas the Chinese stuff ends up in the trash after 6 months . I wish consumers would complain more about the low quality stuff that is on the market these days and pay a few $ $ $ extra and then get something quality made .
 This hand pruner is wonderful ! It cuts through 1 inch branches like butter , it 's easy on my hand , and the locking feature stays where I set it . With other pruners , the latch or slide-lock would lock on me while I was using it . This one stays unlocked until I lock it . With lots of bushes to prune , this very well-designed pruner makes my work much easier .
 Having used many brands of pruners through the years I think I have found the perfect tool . Sharp blades , opens and closes effortlessly and the lock close switch does what it should and what more can you ask .
 Like many others , I was reluctant to pay this much for a set of hand pruners . I had a nice pair of Fiskars and they worked very well . At least I thought so until I tried these . They make quick work of everything . They are solid and heavy - and razor sharp . We got them primarily for roses - and for that they excel . The Fiskars are good for newer roses but these are outstanding for even are older larger stock . Old tough half inch stems are no match for the Felcos . They also work great on our oleanders and ficus plants - some of which can be too much for the Fiskars.I ca n't imagine there is a better pair on the market . I 'm sorry I let a few bucks get in the way of buying these years ago .
 I needed to replace my lost/misplaced Felco 2 pruner and this was the best value since S/H was included
 Exceptional tool , easy , comfortable grip . I have used many other brands and this one is at the top my list .
 any gardener worth their stuff uses felco tools . i received my original pair from a botanist/horticulturalist & author of 3 books & newspaper columnist . what more can i say ? felco is the best
 I got these for my husband 's birthday gift but I tried them out and I am trimming everything . It is actually fun they are so easy to use . I do n't have good hand strength and that is OK as you do n't need it with this tool . It is the best , cuts clean instead of bending like our old ones did . I am so happy I read the reviews and bought this tool , that is why I am reviewing these pruners so you will get the best also.gracalie
 Just received my Felco F2 pruners and am actually relieved!I had a pair for just shy of a quarter century until borrowed and lost ... my bad.The new pair is identical to the original except missing the rust on the blade -LRB- 24 years accumulation -RRB- . The new ones sit on the kitchen counter by the back door now , just where my old friend waited me for so many years . I did n't realize until I set them there how just that alone was missed . Now I hope to enjoy another 24 + years of strenuously abusing a fine swiss implement without fear of it failing me . Oil ? Maybe five times since I bought that old friend , latex from mulberries and a shot of spit kept 'em cutting limbs that would fold some loppers.Do your trees , shrubs , wrist and tendons a favor and buy some piece of mind for $ 54 . -LRB- Wife pays more for a hair cut -RRB-
 My husband was tired of replacing &#34; so-called &#34; great pruners . Being a retired licensed landscape architect , he wanted pruners that would hold up for the many shrubs and plants in our yard . This one &#34; fits the bill &#34; . He is delighted with the sharpness and it 's so easy to use . Definitely worth the money if you prune a lot and need dependability .
 this was a replacement purchase ... never leave the house without it ... comfortable even in my arthritic old hands ... remember to keep blades clean and lubricated
 As far as I know , these are state of the art . Feel great in my hand and get the job done cleanly with little effort .
 Was given one of these as a gift about 15 years ago and still have it ! I decided to buy one for my wife so that I could keep mine handy ! Great !
 My husband asked for a new pruner for Father 's Day . I had heard and read about the Felco Pruner and ordered it . It is phenomenal and makes the job of dead heading and trimming so easy .
 Swiss Made - Buy it , you will not be disappointed . Be sure to keep the sap cleaned off the blades as it will cause some sticking over time . These pruners are always on my belt when I am in the garden .
 Very well made . Cuts well . Only have it one season . We 'll see how sharp it stays with use . So far , cutting edge seems clean and materials appear to be top notch . Keep it clean , well-oiled , and sharp !!! UPDATE : Still rating 5 stars !! After 4 seasons , somewhat discolored but nowhere near `` rusty '' as some have found . Have sharpened only twice . I 'm a `` moderate '' user . If you 're a pro -LRB- use it everyday -RRB- I would expect more sharpening is required depending on the wood you 're cutting . In any event , I have n't seen a better made , longer lasting pruner .
 I am enjoying using my Felco # 2 Hand Pruners . They were recommended to me by fellow Master Gardeners as the best pruners they had found . I agree .
 Easy to handle and cut quickly . I find these better to use than anvil pruners and they should stay sharper longer .
 Like another commented , this item is prone to rust . After just one use I went to use them again and the blade was coated in rust : -LRB- Update : I will add however , that the rust does n't impact the performance any .
 Been doing a lot of work around the yard , and my last pair has nearly lasted me 3 years now !
 After ten years of pruning my old Felco gave up . The new one is great and the price has not inflated . I ordered one for my son recently and he loves it as well .
 These are the standard for pruning shears . Expensive but will last a lifetime . I have a new pair and an older pair that I inherited from an uncle - he used his for years and years and they 're just as good as the new ones I bought .
 These are like a fine tool , compared with the mass-produced `` Made in China '' junk pumped out by the big box stores.When you squeeze the handles the blades make a sound like scissors . These are precise , and extremely sharp shears , watch your fingers!Today I was out cutting some low-growing shoots on a large tree , most were 1/2 inch in diameter , but some were 1 3/4 inch and this cut through them like butter . It 's hard to overstate how good these pruners are.The cast aluminum design does not flex out when cutting , like most of the stamped steel models out there . I was mulling over whether to get the Felco F7 model , with rotating handle , but there is no need , these are wonderful pruners.I do give them a spray of WD-40 after each use , to ensure no rust of the blades.A no-brainer purchase , make your life easier , and save time , with a good pair of pruners .
 Very sharp and great for all your pruning needs . Took a landscape design class and my teacher said these are a must have for any gardener . They will last forever !
 I have used the pruner one time since the purchase and they have met my expecations of a high end product
 I bought the Felco F-2 hand pruner recently because I wanted a new pair after using my others for over 35 years . The old ones are still usable and better than most other new ones you would buy that are not Felco . Felco are by far the very best hand pruners you can buy . They are expensive but worth every penny . Once you use these high quality pruners you will throw your others away , if you have any . In the long run they are the best buy because with very little or no care they will last indefinitely . I used to grow roses and bought my original Felso hand pruners because they were recommended by the rose growers I dealt with -- and they really gave me good advice . These hand pruners are in a class by themselves .
 This is a really nice pruner . First off it is just substantial , when you first pick it up there is a heft to them . Handle has a nice curve to it and feel . Blades are really excellent with precision fit and being removable is really a nice feature . You really get what you pay for and this is a nice pruner for the money , I see them in my future for some time .
 Bought this pruner in 1975 as proffesionals reccomended ... sharpen every year ... would not trade them for a new pair . Very easy to run stone on edge to keep sharp ... occaisional clean and oil ... have tried others but none work as well ... design has n't changed so new would be better ... emotional attachment feels like an old pal ... so if they ever break I would repair them myself .
 A Master Gardener suggested the Felco F-2 pruner to me . It 's a bit expensive but will purportedly last a lifetime . Parts are replaceable unlike the cheaper pruners . I bought mine used -LRB- a slight discount -RRB- and so far so good . The real proof will come 2-3 years from now when most cheaper pruners begin to stick .
 This pruner works much better than the Friska clippers that I have . I am very pleased with these clippers .
 I love my Felco pruner ! I 'm now 68 years old and my pruner is aging along with me but still cuts like new . I am going to order some spare parts so my Felco will last longer than me . I use it for trimming brush & pruning trees , cutting tips for wreath making and cutting flowers & vines . It does an excellent job . Even though I 'm petite -LRB- 95 lbs -RRB- and have arthritic hands , I am able to use this tool with no problem . Whenever I see my husband trying to `` borrow '' my Felco from my toolbox , I remind him not to forget to return it to where he found it . I would be lost without it .
 I was introduced to the Felco # 2 hand pruners at a public garden where I work . Now I wo n't use anything else . Size # 2 is best for all-around use . Great quality , precise cuts , fits your hand easily . Used by many professionals . Amazon price much lower than if you purchased them in person at a garden center .
 Over the years I have purchased multiple pruners but I am pleased to have finally found the one that is worth the price ! Recommended by seasoned gardeners and it truly is the best .
 i 've been a profesional arborist since 1988 and i 've used many brands of hand shears . Felco is the best of them all ! i 'm left handed so i use the # 9 and # 10 -LRB- rotating handle -RRB- . i 'm reading a few reviews that say they rust . if you dry them off and use a little oil when done this will not be an issue . also , they 're completely rebuildable . all parts can be replaced if need be . i actually love to take mine apart clean them up and put them back together . they come with a little tool just for this purpose . keep the tool handy ! -LRB- it fits in a wallet or on a key chain -RRB- they may need adjustments from time to time . BTW ~ i use the Felco cone shaped holster . it soon takes the shape of the pruner and holds them snug inside . -LRB- it also needs care , use a leather conditioning oil -RRB- it clips on your belt , pants pocket or climbing harness.not only do my Felco hand pruners get the job done at work but i take them camping and on some vacations . they sometimes accompany my dog and i in heavily wooded parks as well . i 've scribed my phone number , with a rotary tool , on the handle.i 'm confident you will love this tool and with some care they will last for many , many years !
 I 've used these pruners throughout many a gardening season and they 've never let me down . You can replace the blades if you need to and the grips are very comfortable . Very well made pruners !
 I treated myself to a new pair of these a few years ago ... good investment!There is simply no substitution for quality . I have been using the Felco pruner for years ; more years than I can remember and these tools are the best of the best . Yes , you pay more for them but it is well worth the extra cost.There are a few things to remember about these wonderful tools : First , they are a bit prone to rust . Most good pruning tools have this in common as it is the steel that they are made from that does it . I have found that simply wiping them off with a paper towel and then wiping them down with an oily rag after use will pretty well take care of the problem . It is interesting to note that I bought a pair of these pruners a few years ago at an auction . They were ancient and completely covered with rust . I paid .25 cents for them . A bit of rust remover , oil and elbow grease along with a good sharpening had them working like new in no time . I still use them.Secondly , these pruners are easy to take apart and it is very easy to replace any part . This is particularly handy when it comes to the blade . To keep these instruments in top working order they need to be kept sharp . The scissors action is far superior to the anvil type in both easy of cutting and less damage to the plant . They must be kept shape though . Fortunately this is not difficult but it is the nature of any blade that eventually you will not be able to sharpen it and it will have to be replaced . This is a snap.Thirdly , I have noted from working with others and talking to others that the major reason for dissatisfaction with this tool or any such pruner is that it will not `` cut . '' Upon examination I have found that the reason for this not cutting is almost invariably the fact that people ask the pruner to do more than it was built to do ... i.e. trying to cut limbs that are too large . This is NOT a lopper . This is not a cross cut or a chain saw ! It has its limitations ! Use the proper tool for the job and there is seldom a problem.Fourth , the model being reviewed here could indeed , as pointed out by several reviewers , be too large for smaller hands . I suggest a smaller model . They cut as well and fit the hand better . They simply can not cut as large a limb or twig as this one does.Fifth , you can indeed buy pruners for as little as five bucks ... you can buy dozens and dozens of them over the years ; and trust me , if you use them a lot , you will be buying replacements constantly . Overall , it is far more economical to go ahead and buy the best , as represented here , and have something that if taken care of , will last far longer than you will.This is a good tool and if it is taken care of and not abused , it will last you a lifetime.Don BlankenshipThe Ozarks
 saved a ton of money . Sure , you can tell they are used , but they came with the original packaging and the tool itself has little wear and tear . Worth it , for me .
 I tend to get a bit overenthusiastic with my pruners , and use them on large branches that would be more well suited for a pruning saw or lopper . I broke several pairs of cheaper pruners before receiving my Felco . I have had mine for around 5 years , and they are still like new . You can really crank on these without fear of breaking them !
 these clippers are fantastic for the serious gardner . and well worth the price . i 've seen them elsewhere for $ 70 + .
 The Felco F2 Classic Hand Pruner is worth every penny you pay.It makes yard work twice as easy . I had a pruner for years , a hand me down that finally broke . Our yard has quite a few Limelight hydrangeas that require pruning each year . The Felco makes yard work easy .
 I use my Felco-2 to prune over 50 fruit trees , each season . Their the BEST and defiantly worth paying a little more than the ones that sold in big box stores .
 The Felco F-2 lives up to its billing and price . Having grown tired of paying $ 15-30 for pruning shears only to have them break or choke when pruning larger branches these guys are the real deal . Although a bit pricier than some they are very well made , do the job without fail , and are ergonomically very comfortable to use . I use them for everything from cutting back privet to pruning tomato plants . The replaceable cutter is also a big bonus .
 Often imitated - never duplicated . These are the real deal . The first time Felco pruners were put in my hands I fell in love . Everything else I have ever used has felt inadequate and sometimes junky . These things will last a lifetime.I bought these on Amazon because I lost my other pair a few years ago and was finally sick of using cheap crap while waiting for the others to turn up . I was tilling the garden shortly after ordering these and low and behold I tilled up my old Felco 2 's ! I was so sad . They had been buried in the garden for 2 years and were covered in crap . I washed them off to discover the damage . I quickly realized that aside from scratching the red handle during the tilling process and some rust on blades -LRB- replaceable -RRB- I was able to take them apart , clean , and oil . Now they work perfectly again . I was sold all over .
 I had a cheap pruner that became really awkward to use -LRB- the spring bent , and then it kept falling out -RRB- ; the handle was falling apart , etc. . Instead of buying another cheap pruner that would fall apart after a couple of years , I decided to spend a little extra and get one that would last . I 'm very pleased with this Felco . I visited their website first in order to make sure I was getting the model that was right for me -LRB- and to view all of their models and their differences -RRB- . I use the pruner for small tree branches , shrubs , and flowers . It cuts clean and easy with minimal effort . It fits well in my hand . And it is built to last . I highly recommend it . I suspect that this is the last hand pruner that I will need to buy -LRB- and that was my intention -RRB- .
 I lost my Felcos last year -LRB- I 've had them for maybe 5 years -RRB- . Found them this year when cleaning out the last of the leaf mulch pile . They were still in their leather sheath , which was wet . The Felcos still worked fine ! A bit of lube and I unscrewed everything . There was some corrosion on the aluminum and steel that mostly came off with steel wool . The blade had the most corrosion , but was still serviceable . There was only a hint of rust on the spring . Even the leather sheath is still serviceable , after drying out and much Lexol . You can tell the Felcos are not brand new , but that bit of corrosion is a badge of honor!These are my favorite pruners - they hold an edge well , are easy to sharpen , they fit my hand better than anything else , and are easy to hang onto when working . I have another major brand pruner -LRB- less expensive -RRB- that I use too , but Felcos are more rugged and versatile and definitely worth the price .
 These are swiss made and are top quality . We use them in the mountains to clean out foliage and trim branches up to 1/2 '' . They always do the job !! I have n't found a better manual pair .
 These are the best pruners . Amazon had the best price , too . I received them in two days . Free mailing , no tax . What could be better ? Thanks for great values !!!
 I have small hands and the grip felt comfortable right away . The handles are slim but ergonomic and are designed so the fingers and palm wrap around comfortably to give more leverage . My old corona clippers have thicker and less ergonomic handles and I have to use more of my arm and shoulder for a cut . I have n't had the Felco clippers for very long so I do n't know how it will last after years of garden use -LRB- or abuse -RRB- but this product has been recommended by gardening friends of all sizes .
 The finest pruners I have ever owned . Solid construction and excellent cutting ability . If you have smaller hands , consider a smaller size but for me they are exactly what I need .
 This will be the only clipper you will ever need and it will last a lifetime if you take care of it ! Sharpens easily and new blades and parts can be purchased!Felco rocks !
 Just purchased and finished first weekend of spring pruning our 21 rose bushes . The Felco F-2 pruning shears worked very well ; made cuts that our old reliable -LRB- other brand -RRB- pruners could not . I was originally concerned about the weight , as they are a little heavier than my existing ` hardware store ' pruning shears , but that was not a problem at all . The handles and finger grips are very ergonomically friendly , and ease of cutting makes up for any weight difference . They seem to be exceptionally well made of quality materials and no rivets to loosen up . The test will be in the long term with blade stamina , corrosion , the grips not wearing or splitting , and the spring staying agile . The good news is these blades are replaceable , however at about two or three times the cost of standard hardware store pruning shears , I would expect the blades to last at least twice as long . For now , I rate them a 5 star , but they are new , so we 'll see how they hold up .
 These are the classic . If you are looking for the best these are them . Just ask any landscaper , as they will all have a pair hanging off their belt .
 We already had one but wanted another so both of us could use them at the same time . My husband and I both ordered one within two days of each other without knowing that the other had also ordered . That 's just fine , now we have three just in case we misplace one . We have never found any other brand that we liked as well .
 Wish I would have bought one of these decades ago , great product but can buy it cheaper elsewhere as it turned .
 These are worth the investment , best pruners around , very sharp , clean and easy cuts . Tried and true . I am an avid gardener and these go with me everywhere . If you are looking for your first pruner this is it and go with an F-2 for shrubs , roses .
 Yeah , we 've been hearing about this product for years with nothing but rave reviews . Well , the hype is true . This is a great tool -LRB- pruner -RRB- and you 'll never buy another brand . This is my second one with my other lasting well over 12 years . For some reason I thought I needed another pruner -LRB- after all , all of my others lasted only a year or two at peak efficiency -RRB- so I bought a new one -LRB- and the F6 for my wife , which she loves also -RRB- , but still use my original F2 for most of my cuts , saving the new one for special cuts for special shrubs . What a great product and Amazon 's price is hard to beat .
 Works perfectly for pruning all the plants in my yard , from roses to hydranges . I have arthritis and the tool is comfortable in my hand and easy to use .
 This is the best on the market . I have tried many other brands of by-pass pruners and this far out performs them . It is worth every penny and more !
 I have several white roses and these work well with those . I also used them to prune some small peach branches -LRB- not the best time of year , but it 's the neighbors ' coming over my fence , so I do n't care -RRB- , and I had to apply some pressure but they cut through those . The picture instructions for making adjustments to the tightness etc. are a little cryptic , but if I ever need to do that , I 'll find someone who has more experience with tools . Now if I can keep from losing these with the yard waste , like the last pair and probably the pair before that .
 Why fool around with 2nd class puners if you use one a lot . sometimes it just pays to bite the bullit and get the best .
 I have n't owned these long enough to know how they will stand the test of time , but they seem very well made , have a sharp blade , are comfortable , and have smooth action . I like that you can swap out the blade after you 've sharpened it too many times . Mine came with a tiny tool that can be used to take apart the pruners , replace the blade , etc. . Seems like something that will be lost instantly . Would have appreciated it if they had designed this to store on the pruner body somehow . Also , the aluminum is roughed up a bit towards the tip of the pruner . I am assuming this is part of manufacturing process but it looks more like someone drug it on the concrete or something . The rest of the tool is finished nicely .
 I have bought 3 of these pruners , one for myself and others as gifts . After having tryed several other brands , they are the best pruners I have ever used . They fit well in my hand , are sturdy and very well made . My daughter lost her 's in the garden . I found them while weeding several months later . I cleaned them up , oiled them and sharpened the blades -LRB- which really turned out to be unnecessary since I sliced my finger doing it -RRB- . It 's a year later and they are working like a champ , still sharp and easy on the hands .
 Great pruners , worth the price . After several purchases of inexpensive pruners , I finally purchased the Felco . Would have saved a lot of money if I had started with the Felco .
 The clippers , although rather expensive are comfortable , effective and well made . The steel blades do get sticky and require clean up and WD40 before you put them away .
 I have bought many clippers in the past to avoid buying an expensive one but what a waste . This is the only one . It is comfortable to use and cuts through branches like no other . Too bad I waited so long .
 I have been buying Fiskers and Corona shears from the local big box stores for some time now and they seem to last about 1 season if I am lucky . After probably spending $ 75 - $ 100 on what I consider to be junk over the last 5 years I decided to seek out something better . I found the reviews for the Felco models here on Amazon to be so impressive it seemed like a no brainer to get something that would last at least 10 years for less than the cost of 3 pairs of the `` junk '' shears I had been buying.My first impression when trimming my roses was WOW . Seriously why the heck had I been buying anything else for all these years . These will give a nice clean cut on all your plants and make trimming back , dead-heading and simple plant maintenance a true pleasure . I have been cutting small tree branches and thick rose stems with ease . Making a clean 45 degree angled cut is not a problem and does n't crush the stems and branches . I also enjoy that I get nice clean cuts on my roses that I bring in the house to put in bud vases every few days.One thing I want to point out is BE CAREFUL , these are REALLY sharp and can cut your skin without a chance to blink your eye . I have just barely touched the blade on the pruners by not paying close attention to my task and have put slice in my finger like a knife to warm butter.These are a great investment and I ca n't see any gardener who trys them that would want to without them now .
 I 've gardened for many years and always wanted a good pair of secateurs but could never afford a top brand like Felco . I found some Felco pruners on Amazon at a good price and went for it . What a pleasure to use a good pair of secateurs . I 've wasted more money buying inferior secateurs over the years with regret . My garden knows that I have a new pair of Felcos believe me ! Now I 've just have to learn to make sure that I 'm pruning branches and not my fingers !! Do n't buy inferior gardening equipment as it in the long term is a waste of money . These secateurs will outlive me for sure.Regards , Sumner BergPO Box 247Beechworth , Victoria 3747Australia
 I ordered my Deluxe Aero Garden when it was a `` Deal for the Day '' . It came with the Gourmet Herb Seed Kit , but I do n't care much for the herbs . Before my Aero Garden arrived I went to a local kitchen store and bought the Cherry Tomatoes seed kit . I have Prime delivery -LRB- 2 day free delivery -RRB- but it took 10 days to get it as we had bad weather . The end result is that it was worth the wait as I am very happy with the garden . It is now 3 weeks since I `` plugged in '' my cherry tomatoes and they are 3-4 inches tall . Each day I check the progress of the tomatoes even though it is almost care free and can be left for 2 weeks with no extra care or watering as the Aero Garden does it on its own . When my budget allows I 'm planning on buying another one but for growing petunias . Like I stated before , I 'm happy with my Aero Garden and I know you will be too !
 The AeroGrow Garden arrived on time , undamaged , and fully operational.I bought this item for my wife and she has really enjoyed it.I highly recommend the product and vendor .
 I was a little skeptical at first , but this thing really does grow some nice plants . I have been enjoying fresh basil and mint lately , and they are very nice and quite flavorful .
 I bought my Aerogrow garden last February -LRB- 2007 -RRB- and have had three long lasting crops since then
 The seed packages state the likely time for contents to sprout and , after three weeks of hydroponic effort , everything is precisely on schedule . Another two weeks pass before the harvest begins . Then , we 'll be enjoying fresh , organic herbs , grown under our own supervision . So far , the Aerogarden is working exactly as advertised . The water tank had to be refilled after the first two weeks and new nutrients were needed at the same time . Separate warning lights indicated the need for those things to be done . Now , we just watch the grass grow . Not the most exciting activity , but the herbs are plentiful .
 Since I live in Norway I cant get one for myself , -LRB- it 's not shipped to Europe -RRB- but my mom lives in Wichita and I bought one for her . She just love it !! She ca n't praise it enough ! Easy to use and gives a superb growt . She says everyone should have one!I want one of those too ... Ren&eacute;e , Norway
 This was a present and boy do I love this . Fast and easy . This is perfect for my apartment and it is truly amazing . It is expensive to set up , but boy is it worth it . My herb garden is blooming despite my toxic thumb :-RRB- I promise you 'll love this if you are a plant enthusiast .
 Love the AeroGarden , it is neat to be growing lettuce in Minnesota in January . The product shipped right away , and works as promised . Very happy with the Aerogarden .
 This is a great product for the cook that likes fresh homegrown ingredients.I was tired of buying fresh herbs at the grocery and having them go bad before they could be used.The aerogarden enables me to grow outside of the normal growing season.There also is a nice variety of kits offered to try from their website aerogrow.comMy first planting of herbs is about four weeks old and is doing very well and will be able to begin harvesting in a couple of weeks.I have purchased an additional unit for my mother !
 This was a Xmas gift for my elderly father who can not garden in the winter months here in Upstate NY . Although he was apprehensive about the whole concept of no soil , he finally hooked it up and got his tomato seeds set . He easily understood the directions and information provided and is just thrilled about having fresh cherry tomatoes at the end of winter that he grew . Perhaps we can add to this review when they are full grown and harvested . Great gift idea and price .
 I started with one aerogarden -LRB- about 2 years ago -RRB- and now have 4 ! I love them , they are easy enough that my 4 year old can help with them and results are fast . We grow herbs and veggies year round . We have even started experimenting with our own seeds . Last year we used the garden starter and it worked great to get us over 50 plants to transplant to our outside garden in just a few weeks . Highly recommend
 Item was delivered fast and on time , product box advertised as the new model -LRB- 7 -RRB- and the item itself was actually the previous model -LRB- 6 -RRB- . Still happy and product was in great shape .
 My Aerogarden 7 arrived today ! The set up was simple and I find it very quiet , so quiet I had to check and make sure the pump was working -LRB- it was ! -RRB- . I already have an Aerogarden 3 and have had success with it growing Basil , Dill and Thyme . I am looking forward to using the gourmet herb pack that came with the Aerogarden 7 and then branching out and trying the Salsa garden next . I have used customer service in the past . E-mailing the company resulted in a rather rude answer but talking directly to them I had a very positive response and my defective seed pod was replaced immediately . I never had to wait on the phone when calling customer service either . I am the 5th person in my extended family to have an Aerogarden and we all have enjoyed using them in the cold Winter months . I would recommend this product .
 We actually purchased 2 Aerogardens . We are very pleased with both transactions . The Aerogarden is a hydroponic growing system with automatic lights and water circulation . It took only 3 weeks for the herbs to come up . You can also use the unit as a starter for plants you want to put outside . Our second Aerogarden was the more advanced model with a trellis system so we can grow bigger plants and vines . My only complaint about the system has to do with the little paper caps and plastic lids that go on the seed pods . Sometimes the paper caps are on crooked and this prevents the plastic dome from seating correctly . So , I peel off the paper cap and have to tape it down . They need better quality control on the placement of the paper caps.One of my seed pods developed some mold . I called the company and they told me to put a little peroxide on it and they mailed out new seed pods just in case . I received them in a few days.The transaction itself went smoothly and the items arrived on time in exactly the condition as described.I recommend this item and the company .
 going 2 years now . still works great , no problems . I 've reordered bulbs and herb seed kits . I have fresh pesto sauce anytime I want . The globe basil is a prolific grower , luckily , pesto sauce freezes well .
 Easy to set up after a little head scratching . The universal seed kit plastic holders must really be pressed down to click into place.The system is very simple with automated timers for light and reminder timers for nutrients and water level . Never had such an easy hydroponics system . I am spoiled.Started with lettuce but fortunately knew to thin the extra sprouts in each pod . You still have to know a little about gardening . Lettuce growth is faster than a soil garden . I look forward to my first harvest .
 I bought the AeroGarden in hopes of starting my own indoor garden since I live in a highrise apartment and off the ground . I also get the morning sun so growing plants on my balcony is hard to do . I searched the internet in hopes of a indoor garden for myself and I came accross Amazon.com they had on their site the AeroGarden . I purchased the AeroGarden and within a few days it arrived and wow !! I 'm still impressed with it I put it together the same day I got it wich was March 31/11 . within the first 5 days I saw seedlings . On April 22/11 I transplanted my plants into a flower pots . I will purchase another 7 pod black AeroGarden again soon . I had a bit of a problem with setting the timer other than that it was eay to assemble . I highly recommend the AeroGarden to anyone who wants to start their own indoor Garden . The AeroGarden is the right thing to own it 's the size of a meduim sized plant and it sits on a end table . I bought the Gourmet Herb seeds and I found that the Dill and Mint took the longest to grow but they did come through ok and now they are bigger then the other plants . I 'm so happy that I got this AeroGarden it 's the best investment I had ever made .
 I purchased this as a gift for my husband . He absolutely loves it ! It was easy to set up and get started . The plants sprouted within just a few days , some even sprouted after 1 day !! We have had this product for 2 weeks now and are already enjoying fresh herbs from it.The only downside to this product -LRB- and the reason I did n't give it a full 5 stars -RRB- is the fact that the light is very bright . We live in an apartment so decided to move our garden into the office so we can close the door at night which allows us to sleep without the light bothering us . If you live in an open apartment you may want to consider the amount of light this puts off before you buy it . If you have someplace to put it that you can close the door then I 'd say there should n't be anything that stops you from buying .
 I love to cook with fresh herbs . I started my aero herb garden on 7-21-09 and have harvested over four times now . In just two and a half weeks i had to clip my basil twice . The root system is now almost 20 '' long . This is one of the best systems i have seen . I would recommend this to everyone out there . I have seen horrible reviews for this product , but , they are not true . Try one for yourself , you will see what I am talking about .
 I purchased this for myself for Christmas . Love it . Do n't believe those complainers that it 's too bright and noisy . Where did they put -- on their nightstand ? Mine is in the kitchen and I do n't usually sleep there . It is bright -- you need light to grow plants . There is a very slight hum and water sound . Unless you are sitting right next to it listening for something to complain about it wo n't disturb you . It 's not really `` aero '' but who cares as long as the plants are growing . I looked into building my own , but it would cost more and not be automatic.I planted the herbs and they are growing nicely , especially the basil plants . I have had to raise the lights three times already . Instructions seem to cover everything -- especially how to harvest your crop . In the box is a coupon to purchase more seeds for something like $ 4.99 . I purchased at Bed Bath & Beyond using their 20 % off coupon . However , I really appreciate the fast response Amazon has for refunds -- the same day they receive a return ! Never a problem with Amazon.You can also make your own `` pods '' and grow whatever small plants you want . I 'm going to try cherry tomatoes next .
 Its the real thing . If you ca n't grow a crop with this product , seek medical help ... Really though , its too simple and straight forward to screw up . I am on my second crop of peppers and it looks like the first crop was n't a fluke . The only drawback is the fact that the veggie leafs get too tall so fast , even with the recommended pruning , that the light hood needs to be removed and you have to allow mother nature light to finish it off . I understand Aero has a new unit that is a bit larger and addresses this problem . Growing veggies this way is a reward you wouldnt believe . The peppers I have are so flipin ' hot that your skin burns if you dont wash your hands after cutting them up . Not kidding . The unit takes up only a minimal amount of room and tending . Indicator lights go off when its time to add water and nutrients . True Gardening for Dummies . There have been other counter-top gardening kits offered in the past but most are clunky and messy to use , producing sickly looking plants . Not this one . Give it a try . Its kind of fun and you 'll enjoy the results .
 So far so good ! I 've had my herbs in for a few weeks and all is well , except the Cilantro never sprouted ... oh , well ... the others are doing well . I probably should have called as soon as I realized that the cilantro was a dud , but I did n't have time . Now I 'm sure it 's too late to ` plant ' a fresh one , so I 'll do without this time .
 I 've had my AeroGarden for about three months now , and it 's been a joy . The herbs grew unbelievably rapidly and I have more fresh basil than I 'm able to use ! It 's nice to be able to pluck off a few leaves and toss them right into the spaghetti sauce . It 's very easy to use - about every two weeks a little light comes on , and I re-fill it with water and add two more nutrient tablets.I ca n't wait to try the strawberry kit !
 I got my Aerogarden back in December , 2006 . I have been seeing it sprout very well from when I first started using it December 18th to be exact . I 'm almost to the point of clipping back the branches to let it grow even further . I 'm so excited as I got the cherry tomato kit ... My only cons are that the light it needs to grow under is extremely bright as another poster mentioned here . I wish they would have perfected it so it would n't bother us being so bright . If you have a place where you can keep it out of your sight it will help . If I had a larger place I 'd have gotten 2 Aerogardens for sure!IT is a bit expensive I think as well ... But on the upside you could order it at Aerogarden 's website with 3 installments of $ 49.99 which I am currently under here . So in that way that helps make it affordable.Also they need to make it even a possibly cuter design ... Maybe they are working on this ? LOL ... Also wondering if they 'll make it so we can grow more then one `` kit '' at a time too ? That would be great as well.I hope you 'll get this ! Like I said if I had a bigger place I 'd get 2 . You 'll love to watch it grow quick !
 I have had my Aero Garden for several years and have been very satisfied with it . When my herbs start growing out of control I freeze them . I use ice cube trays , I simply cut the herbe and put them into the ice cube trays . Into each cube I put olive oil , just enougn to cover the herbs and when I am cooking I just take out the cubes that I need and put them into my cooking pot thus adding herbs and olive oil at the same time . This freezes very nicely and when your ice tray is full you simply remove them and put them in a baggie and keep them in the freezer until you use them .
 This is a terrific and easy way to grow fresh herbs in your kitchen . There is no mess . I have my garden growing for a month and will be ready to harvest soon . The company support is superb . I have one seed pod that did n't germinate and within a week it was replaced .
 I have this product in white - excellent ! Easy to follow instructions -LRB- hint hint for Mr. James Lin who sent in the images -RRB- , quick produce and a delight for anyone visiting your home.When you open your garden kit , it will tell you which setting and location to put your plants , the box has a 7 open spaces mimicking the actual aerogarden . You place the garden grow pods in the corresponding locations . You do not mix the lettuce with the herbs and place the aerogarden on herbs or tomatoes settings - if you 're growing lettuce , which setting do you think you place the garden ? Everyone at the same time `` the lettuce setting '' . Buy this product - it 's wonderful if gardening is or is n't your thing . The garden kits are showing up at all of the stores now - JCPenney , Bed Bath & Beyond , etc. ...
 I 've seen reviews where DIYers complain it 's easily made , but if you 're giving this kit to someone as a gift they 're probably gardeners or cooks , and would probably appreciate the simplicity and effectiveness of the kit . They grow quickly and abundantly - the demo photo is n't an exaggeration . After the first crop , maybe you should look into making your own seed pods , but regardless this made a great gift .
 I just received my AeroGarden 6 days ago so yes , this is an early review . But , unbelieveably , I already have one inch high basil and it looks like all my other herbs have sprouted . So , I must say , the early results are impressive.However , do not underestimate the other comments about brightness . This thing is like inviting a supernova into your home . I mean , really ... it 's in my kitchen and even if I close the kitchen doors the light squeezing through the cracks looks like some sort of Poltergiest , trans-dimensional event is occurring in there.The one piece of good news is that you can set the lighting cycle so that it goes off at a certain time of day . I set mine so that the unit turns off right about when I come home from work . Now , that means that the unit comes on again in about 7 hours to fulfill it 's 17 hour daily cycle , but since it pops on about 2 am I 'm dead asleep in my bedroom and do n't even notice it . And , I kinda am forced to admit , I like wandering out of my room in the dark morning and having the glow of a small nuclear reactor lighting my way through the condo.So my early review is favorable . I think this thing might just actually do what it promises . And at the very least , I wo n't be getting Ricketts anytime soon.NOTE
 My 3 year old hated lettuce before we purchased the Aerogarden . After watching the leaves grow , he is always asking for the lettuce . We no longer have problems getting him to eat his salads and he loves to snack on the leaves ! We all do!The only downside - the outside leaves are not that pretty , and the lettuce does not stay lush and full . But it 's still great to look at . Customer service is also great and they quickly sent replacements for the seeds that did not sprout.Follow-up ! I called aerogarden and let them know about my not so pretty outer lettuce leaves after about 6 weeks of growth . They immediately sent a replacement seed kit . The new seed kit has grown VERY full and lush , much better than the first kit . I was told to call back with any problems . Customer service really wants you to be completely happy . I am impressed ! Make that 5 stars !
 This is a great way to grow fresh vegies and herbs with almost no hassle . The company has a great customer service department . One of our lamps went out and they sent us 2 replacements at no charge within a week . This has been a lot of fun . My only complaint is that it 's hard to find supplies for it locally and the unit is currently geared more to prepackaged seed units instead of letting you do custom plants of your own choice . This system is ready right out of the box and you have sprouts in about a week .
 I got this for Christmas and finally got my package off Italian herb seeds last month . Everything but the thyme is growing very well . The basil is very tall and full . The mint is doing great . Oregano is going wild . The thyme is growing but looks a little sickly . I 'm thinking of getting another one after reading that strawberries are now available .
 I love this little thing ! I have successfully grown veggies in my kitchen and they look great . Except the Cilantro and Dill did n't sprout , so it ai n't perfect I guess ... still love it though.We plugged it in , placed in the pods , pressed the button for what we were growing and -LCB- POOF ! -RCB- we have n't touched it , other than adding water and the little tablets everyonce and a while.Like others mentioned it puts off a lot of light ... almost like a Flood Light in the Kitchen at night . So be careful where you put it at night .
 For Christmas 2006 , I received one of these aerogarden kits as a gift . Within 3 1/2 weeks , we began reaping the benefits of our indoor garden . Last week we picked the last of this initial crop which gave us at least a dozen salads for two people.No mess , no fuss , no bugs , and the added bonus of security knowing where and how our salad makings are grown.We now have two units going with the plan to purchase two more .
 This product is amazing . It grows edible gardens with minimum care and absolutely no soil . I planted my salad greens garden on Dec. 4 . Within 2-3 days the seeds begin to sprout ; in exactly 26 days I was eating salad grown on my kitchen counter . The only `` gardening '' I have had to do was add nutrient tablets a couple of times , add water -LRB- twice a week since the plants have matured -RRB- and raise and lower the lamp as needed . Setting this up was as simple as popping in two light bulbs , attaching a lamp shade , filling a bowl with water and dropping pre-planted seeds into holes . My kindergarten age kids are just as excited as I. My 5 year old niece exclaimed on her last visit , `` Wow ! That plant is really getting big ! '' I harvest about 2 salads every other day and pick lettuce for sandwiches daily . All you need for sucess is to follow the directions that come with the garden . I highly recommend this product . I have already given it as a gift , and I am considering buying another so that I have herbs and lettuce growing in my kitchen at the same time . Who needs to worry about e-coli ?
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas and we both are amazed at the quality of this product . Our first ` planting ' was tomatoes and 4 days later we have sprouts . This is easy to use with no mess.The only thing I 'd like to see done differently is the ability to grow multiple products -LRB- i.e. , tomatoes , salad , herbs -RRB- at the same time . Currently , you can only grow the same item at one time.Update
 This is a terrific product , and I highly recommend it . Whenever I have people in my house , they 're always fascinated by it and ask me lots of questions . I 've only planted the gourmet herb seed kit that came with it so far , and all of the herbs were delicious . It 's so convenient to have the garden right there in my kitchen , and I love that it 's low-maintenance . I do have a few minor complaints , which is why I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 : * The cilantro did n't grow at all . I got absolutely nothing . I received my AeroGarden as a birthday gift in July . We were in the middle of remodeling our house at the time , so I stored the package , unopened , in the garage . The 90-100 degree garage . For a month . I am going to assume that the heat destroyed my cilantro seeds . Oddly , everything else grew just fine . Maybe I just got bad cilantro seeds . My husband despises cilantro , so our joke is that he poisoned the seeds when I was n't looking . :--RRB- * The mint seemed to die a couple months after planting . The two basils , the parsley , and the dill are still doing well . The chives are looking a little iffy right now , but I have n't been very consistent with pinching back the other herbs . I think the chives are being overpowered by their neighbors . This was n't the issue with the mint , though . * The herbs included in the kit that comes with the garden would not be my first choice . I love the basil . It 's convenient to have parsley on hand since a lot of recipes call for only a few tablespoons of it . I used to hate buying a huge bunch of parsley , only to use such a small amount . I 'd like to say the same thing about the cilantro , but of course , mine did n't grow . I rarely need mint , dill , or chives , though . That 's just my personal preference , of course . Maybe this mix of herbs is perfect for some people . I am going to choose a different herb kit for my next planting.I still really love my AeroGarden , despite its few drawbacks . In fact , I want to plant some salad greens , but I do n't want to give up having fresh herbs available . I am actually considering buying a second garden . I 've noticed other reviewers have had the same dilemma . : - -RRB-
 We purchased two of these for gifts and both recipients are absolutely delighted . One is my elderly father-in-law and he mentions it every time we talk to him on the pnone . He is an avid gardener and the Aerogarden has given him a lovely winter crop of lettuce for the last 2 months and is still going strong . He said it is easy to set up and is a subject of conversation when people come to visit . The second purchase was at the request of my father-in-law for my niece . She is also in a cold climate and the Aerogarden is a bright spot of green in her kitchen with a fine crop of herbs growing that she enjoys using in cooking . She also has 2 small children who are getting an education in aero-hydroponic gardening . I am hoping that my husband buys me one for my birthday .
 10 Stars . I ca n't say enough about the quality of this product . I started with lettuce . I know I will buy at least a second unit to grow herbs and will probably buy a third to grow strawberries when they come out . I may even go for a 4th for tomatoes if I could figure out where to put it . This company worked very hard to build a product that is as fail proof as possible and it could n't be any easier . I am so grateful that someone took the time to bring this technology to the public . I look forward to the future and all the products yet to be developed . I 'd love to have a whole room of these things .
 They never thanked me . I hope they got it . It was on their wedding register . It was the best thing left .
 I bought this for my husband for Christmas because he loves to cook using different herbs and grows herbs in a garden in the summer . Now he can grow them year round . He was really pleased with this garden and it is growing exactly as they said it would . The only reason I did n't give it a five is because the light is so extremely bright that we moved it around several times before we found a suitable place for it . I guess the plants need that light but it was way too bright to leave in the kitchen . I am pleased with this item and would buy it again .
 this is the 3rd garden I have purchased ... I love to give them as gifts now and love the one I own .
 Stylish and easy to set up . Unfortunately one of the seven pods did n't do anything but turn to mold . Guess they should check their `` dill '' crop . And the lights do n't stay off for 8 hours ; 7 is more what I have experienced . Otherwise , we 'll see as I await results .
 i bought this as a present for my wife after she saw some kitchen of the rich and famous in a magazine with a built in herb garden . she was suprised and loved it . she has used it to grow herbs and tomatos . if you know somone who loves to cook with fresh ingridents this thing will make them verry happy . it is verry easy to use and works just as described . you just have to keep it full of water and give it a neutrient tablet every now and then . the stuff grows super fast and lasts a long time . it has it 's own light so you do n't have to put it by a window .
 I actually found my Aerogarden in a thrift shop where I was excited to be able to purchase one at a fraction of the price . We had some old seeds in the garage for a garden we were supposed to plant that just never happened . I threw those in the pods and was astounded that after coming home from a weekend trip , got my first lettuce sprouts in only 3 days ! I followed directions which were easy and virtually care-free after the start and couldnt believe my eyes as my lettuce grew tall and delicious.We then purchased the gourmet herb garden and I could not be happier . I was missing two herbs that I wanted and called customer service and had the quickest complaint and solving call ever . He was extremely helpful and didnt try to place blame or make excuses . He solved my problem , sent me the seeds I was missing for free and that was that . A very nice experience for a change . I have now my second crop of herbs growing and they are wonderful!DOWNSIDE
 I got this as a mothers day gift . It is amazing how well the herbs grow in this system and it is very low maintenance.Be sure to trim down your herbs or they 'll be touching the ceiling in no time.We have not seen how well the other seed packs work with this system or if its possible to use normal seeds in this system .
 I 've purchased my fair share of gadgets over the years , the AeroGarden gets a GOLD medal . It is flawless . It is easy to assemble , It took me less than 10 minutes . Planting was equally easy , I just dropped the little canisters in the appropriate spots and plugged it in . Within a week the various herbs were sprouting as advertised . It is so exciting . I do not have a green-thumb but AeroGarden makes me a competent gardener . I check it 2-3 times a day , not because I need to -LRB- it runs automatically -RRB- but out of sheer pleasure . I highly recommend this product and in fact I will buy a second one and start growing tomatoes next . It is such great value for money , I estimate that it will pay for itself within 90-120 days compared with purchasing fresh herbs in the supermarket .
 Wonderful to give as a gift ! Recipient loves this item . Fast delivery and great price .
 We are enjoying herbs everyday . Would be nice to grow some tomatoes at the same time .
 I love to cook and having all these fresh herbs right in the kitchen is a treat . Easy to grow , easy to use ... this is a must for any cook or gardener !
 The AeroGarden was purchased as a gift for my son 's birthday . It works great and he loves it .
 No mess , No fuss . Herbs grew great with no effort . Quiet and trouble free .
 Love to watch the herbs grow . Once they get started they grow fast . Have to clip the tallest ones so do n't have to raise the grow bulbs before the slower plants are ready .
 I bought this as a Christmas gift for someone who is very interested in having fresh herbs and salad greens regularly . She was extremely excited by this gift . It was easily put together , the directions were very clear and precise . She has already , within a week , had success with growing . I had been put off by the price on the AeroGarden site itself and was very happy to find the price here on Amazon . The shipping was excellent , very expedient . I give this a great recommendation !
 Some of the seed pods have not grown well . Growing time is longer that advertised .
 Seems like a very good product - after 5 days all the herbs are sprouting - instructions are very easy to follow.The Amazon dealer who handled the order was slow and unresponsive
 Very nice indoor garden . I 've only tried the Gourmet Herb Seed Kit so far , but they have grown very fast and the herbs are great . I ca n't wait to try the cherry tomato kit . My son and I come home each night to see how fast the plants have grown . The aroma of the herbs are great and they look awesome ! Very good product for someone who does not have outdoor space or for anyone who wants to have fresh herbs/vegetables in the winter .
 I now own three AeroGardens . One for herbs , one for salad greens & one for chili peppers . Living in the Inland Northwest with 4 seasons , I can now have fresh herbs , greens & peppers all year . The AeroGarden is very low maintenance and is fast growing . I 'm on my third planting of greens , my third planting of herbs and just starting my peppers . Their customer service is the best and I highly recommend this product .
 Bought this product as a gift for my mother-in-law . Herbs starting growing within days and she was harvesting by the beginning of the 4th week . She loved it so much I ended up getting one for myself . It is doing fantastic also . Easy to set-up and use .
 The AeroGrow AeroGarden is a wonderful , unique product for someone who wants to have fresh herbs or gourmet tomatoes all year round . I purchased this product as a birthday gift and would give the product 5 stars if ALL the plants had started to grow . Two out of the three plants are growing beautifully . The company that sent the garden 6 weeks ago , has still NOT replaced the one plant that did n't sprout . The design of the garden is great and we are still pleased .
 I love this . I 'm growing 5 pods of lettuce in center area and two cherry tomato plants in the two outer pods . The FRESH lettuce is so good . I started May 6th , and just 4 weeks later have enough lettuce for one person to have lettuce everyday . Recommend this to anyone , but especially for shut-ins , or folks who do n't like to go to the store . This would be a great gift for a favorite older relative . FUN .
 These things grow like crazy . I planted my gardens -LRB- one gourmet herbs , one holiday herbs -RRB- three months ago and I have trouble keeping up with the amount of growth . I use a lot of parsley and thyme so I 'm delighted there is so much , but the excess of some of the others is going to the freezer ... more chervil than I 've ever seen . The plants are healthy and clean with no bugs like outside gardens . What a blessing.Yes , the lights are the very white daylight bulbs , but in my den , it adds nice lighting where I would n't otherwise have any and I rarely use the overhead light anymore so the electricity is a wash for me . The pump in one garden made noise at first , but I read the FAQs on the website , which said it was likely that nutrients had gotten into the pump . I jiggled the pump a bit and the problem went away . Since then I put the nutrients at the front of the water well and have had no further problems . Some people complain about the dripping sound but if you keep the water level up you do n't hear it.I tried for years to grow fresh herbs indoors during the winter and was never really successful until now . The units are very easy to care for and you ca n't beat the prolific harvest . Now , if only they 'd let me choose the individual herbs to grow instead of offering just the combination sets . I may have to try planting my own seeds as they have kits that allow you to do that . I 'm looking forward to free salads all summer when it comes time to replant . Great product .
 The aerogarden is so easy to set up and use , just set it and forget it!The plants seem to be growing at a faster rate than standard ways , and they look so good.I got a 2nd one for tomatoes .
 Lots of nice features make this pretty easy to use and be successful at . I like the lights that light up when it needs water or food . Instructions for trimming/pruning are explicit.Only two draw backs - it is a bit pricey , and one of the lights keep coming loose so I had to rig it a little to keep it turned on
 I got this for my boyfriend for Christmas , so this is just an initial review . It will be updated later.First of all , AeroGrow packages there product very well . It is very well contain and also nice to look at.We upboxed it and followed the directions to set up the product . The directions were very good and easy to follow . They made it very simple and took away any potential confusion.When we plugged it in and let it do it 's thing , it sounds like a high quality device . It does not make any irritating noises , and in fact sounds a bit like a quiet fish tank.The light is very bright , and very clean and crisp . This is wonderful.We got the white one , which is bright and refreshing . I think silver and black would be good colors as well , but black was a little too dark for my tastes . The white is just very appropriate . I was afraid at first that it would look a bit like some giant ipod , but it does not.So far this product is a 5 star item .
 We saw a friend 's AeroGrow and collected a handful of basil . Looked like fun , so we got one . WOW . Everything came up . The plants sat there for a couple of weeks then took off . The chives reached the light and it browned the tips . We raised the lights one notch , then another , then another . Now a month out , the light is in the highest notch . Everything is growing well , although the parsley is slower than the rest . The growing is fun , but having a sprig of fresh cilantro in homemade salsa is even better ! Instruction sheet is clearly written and easy to follow . I rate this product as 5 star fun . Christmas breakfast will include scrambled eggs with fresh chives . We bought a second one to give as a gift .
 Everything grew faster than expected , however the herbs included were not ones I could get alot of use out of . Would 've preferred cilanto , chives , and italian parsley over 3 different kinds of basil . Love the dill , it was huge . I made the mistake of putting oregano , tyme , & mint close together , they just ended up in a tangled mess that I could n't use since they grew long and stringy instead of up . Once they got big I 've had to add alot of water every other day and once or twice did not get a low water level lite in time , so keep an eye on it like any other plants . I love the idea of having fresh stuff without worrying about chemicals sprayed on it from stores , wish I had room for more , it does take up space , also lights are super bright and light up half the house . For those who say pods did n't grow
 I have 2 7-pod gardens . One is growing herbs ; the other the Chef Salad package . Both gardens grew quickly as promised , and required ` pruning ' on schedule . The herbs that are doing well are mint , parsley , basil , Italian basil and thyme -LRB- I am already drying some and they have only been growing since Jan. -RRB- . However , the chives are sad , very sad and I 'm disappointed in that pod . The Chef Salad mix
 I got this for my Girlfriend , who admittedly has a black thumb . In 2 weeks , we have watched the plants not only grow , but thrive . it is simple , easy to care for , and there are real plants that will be a salad in just another week or so . Incredible !
 Bought this as a gift for my mother for Mother 's Day , so she 's had it for a month now . Already seeing some big herbs from the Gourmet Herb kit - the basil has already been harvested to slow it down from blocking the other herbs.No dead seeds , everything grew.As has been mentioned in some reviews , the light is almost shockingly bright . When it turns off on its timer everyone looks around the room wondering if we just had a problem with the electricity or something because of the sudden lack of light.My mother is very happy with it though , and I 'm considering getting one for myself ... the price tag is the only real issue .
 I love the aero garden , my kids really like the garden but I did not get as many tomatoes at one time as the picture shows . We got enough tomatoes to pick them off and just eat them , never enough to put in a salad . The plant kept producing for a very long time . We are going to do the herbs next .
 I have really enjoyed this product . My plants are growing like crazy ! I love the way the fresh herbs look and smell . My 9 year old son thinks it the coolest thing to watch everything grow with out dirt . I 'm very pleased ! Thank you !
 Yes , it 's true
 My boyfriend got me an Aerogarden for Christmas . I was VERY excited . I love gardening but living in an apartment in LA makes it impossible . Even when I would plant herbs in pots they would end up dying during the summer when temps reach over 100 . So the Aerogarden it was . First I made lettuce which just turned out to be incredible . Tender , wonderful , and I knew who had touched it from start to finish ... ME.Then I used the international herbs . I made a video of making pesto from the basil that can be seen here http://stage6.divx.com/user/SuperFreak/video/1208084/Making-Pesto---SubtitledIt was a ton of fun , I made pesto , home made sphaghetti sauce and mojitos with the herbs I grew.Now I 'm on to tomatoes ! I highly suggest buying an aerogarden if you love to garden but ca n't or do n't have the time .
 People if your reading the negative reviews do n't believe them completely.Though there are times that a plant does not always germinate but some of the easiest mistakes everybody makes when growing plants in the AeroGarden is . 1 . They may not always keep track of pruning the plants such as tomatoes and peppers when growing in the AeroGarden Elite and Extra Elite models . 2 . Also people may forget to water and give the plants it 's nutrients when needing to grow them but do n't worry the AeroGarden has red lights that come on every two weeks to let you know when it 's time to do these task but not to worry it 's easy as 1 , 2 , 3 , 3 . You should also raise the lamp hood so the plant leaves do n't get burnt under the grow bulbs or AeroGarden 's versions of the CFL bulb for growing plants . 4 . You should also harvest the plants fruit or when it comes to herbs you should not let them grow out of control and store them in bags , containers , damp paper towels , or vacuum seal bags to keep them fresh . 5 . Next the biggest mistake that all AeroGarden growers happen to do is believe it or not is forgetting to pollinate there plants such as tomatoes and pepper plants such as you should give them a shake at least twice a day . 6 . AeroGarden also gives instructions as well when it comes to there kits but not always because you will need to look them online most likely and here are the instructions if you want to give them a look plus herbs as well and I will give you some instructions so you can get to them easily . -LSB- ... -RSB- Here are the steps so you can look at both links so you can grow both tomatoes and herbs and the tomato section also has steps for peppers as well . Step 1 . Highlight the link on the address bar then hit back space or delete . Step 2 . highlight one of the links and then right click on the link you highlighted and then hit copy . Step 3 . Put your cursor on the address bar unless it 's already there and then right click again and hit paste and finally hit enter then you should be there in no time . Last but not least if you think you have gotten better at growing with the AeroGarden grow kits from AeroGarden.com Then you can take it to the next level by buying empty seed pods and some other stuff at AeroGarden.com if your wanting to Grow Organic , Heirlooms , Hybrids , etc. . As well when it comes to other seeds you can think of when it comes beyond to your wildest imagination . So do n't give up you 're probably just having a first time bad experience when using the AeroGarden .
 The product does exactly what it said it would and we are most pleased with the results . We live in a the snowy northeast so the green is a positive way to get through the long winters .
 This is a wonderful product . It was delivered on time , undamaged . It fits on the kitchen counter nicely . Very easy to set up and I love that I do n't have to do much , just watch it grow . I also got the &#34; grow my own seed &#34; starter kit . Its so easy I thought I forgot to do something . My seeds are growing like weeds . I prob will get another one , I would recommend this AeroGarden to any one that wants fresh salad greens in the winter and fresh spices in the kitchen . I do n't for see any prob , but if I have some Ill come back and let you know .
 I have strong allergies to mold and potted plants -LRB- w/soil -RRB- cause me headaches so we are trying this hydroponics as an alternative and we are thrilled so far . Very easy to use and takes up little space . If you love fresh herbs but no outside space and / or have allergies to soil ... . Aero Garden is a great alternative .
 It came with a preselected group of seed pods 5/7 of which sprouted within 5 days . One did not sprout at all . It has produced a fine product .
 *** UPDATE ON NOISE ISSUE *** I finally contacted customer service at AeroGarden about the noisy pump . CJ suggested that I try to remove the green filter cover and see if that eliminated the gurgling noise . Voila , it worked ! Now just a dull hum most of the time -- MUCH better . They 're also sending out 2 replacement seed pods since 2 of my plants did n't thrive like the rest . Now that 's great customer service !!! ORIGINAL REVIEWMy husband bought this for me for Christmas and I love being able to grow herbs year-round in the kitchen . Everything is sprouting nicely after just a few weeks . HOWEVER , the motor on the water pump is VERY noisy -- I may even move the garden to another room so we do n't have to listen to the gurgling noise all the time . This seems to be a pretty common complaint with this item .
 I am very happy with this garden so happy I am ordering a 2nd one . I planted salad greens just a week ago and the plants are growing so quick you can see the difference each day . I work a day time job so I have the light come on about the time I get home and stay on all night - that way it is almost like a second lamp and I can look and admire my plants as much as I want . It is fun watching them grow and I ca n't wait to harvest them . The salad green kit said that you can start harvesting in about 2.5 weeks , and at the rate these plants are growing I believe that to be true . I have tried growing fruits and vegatables indoors before but I never had much luck . The thought of being able to eat freshly picked food is enough to make me buy another garden . I ca n't wait for them to come out with the Strawberry seed pods -LRB- I will probably need a 3rd garden then -RRB- . I now had my first salad with the salad greens ; it was so good I made a 2nd larger salad . I am very happy with this garden .
 I purchased the AeroGarden and set it up back in Febuary of 08 ' and just now the herb seed kit I used is finally at an end . It 's already June ! So , when they say you should expect four months of produce , I would say that is very accurate . Here are some main points about the product : * It is very easy to set up . Requires no tools , very minimal effort , everything fits together or snaps into place . You plug it in and it 's ready to go . * The `` light '' stays on for 16 hours on the herb setting -LRB- there are different settings for different seed kits -RRB- . When you set it up make sure that you plug it in according to when you would like to it to come on and turn off . I had mine running from about 6:45 pm to 11:45 am the next day . Makes a nice night-light too ! * If the power goes out , or if you move it , it will automatically restart the growing schedule it was on . * Make sure to pay ATTENTION to the directions that come with the seed packs . They suggest you place the herbs in a certain order so that they will all have the correct amount of light and water . Do n't just place them where you want them , they wo n't all grow properly if you do . Also , do not remove the plastic covers on the seed packs until the plant inside has reached the top of the cover !! * As the plants get bigger -LRB- and they will ! -RRB- they will require you to add water much more often so be mindful and check to make sure the water level light is n't blinking daily . * It does n't say this in the booklet , at least anywhere that I can find anyway but if you are growing herbs , cut them frequently when its time to harvest because this encourages them to continue to produce . Parsley , cilantro , dill and chives grow much better when harvested frequently . * Be prepared ! This product does work . I have basil coming out of my ears ! You have to make sure that as the plants start to get taller you try and keep them away from the grow lights in the top of the unit . It tends to scorch them if they are too close to the light , so try getting them to grow out a little . Even the highest setting -LRB- meaning as far as it will go above the plants -RRB- sometimes is n't enough , they will keep on going!Overall , I have been very pleased with this product . The herbs are very handy to have around , esp during the winter when you ca n't garden outside . The unit is not heavy or bulky , I was actually rather suprised . It does n't take up much space , however , I have a very large amount of counter space and I opted to put the AeroGarden on an iron plant stand by the sliding door . It 's out of the way and gets the extra light from the window as well . I do n't have anything bad to say about it this far . FOLLOW THE DIRECTIONS and it will work for anyone . You do not need any sort of green thumb to run this thing . ; - -RRB-
 I recently picked up the Aerogarden for my wife since she loves fresh herbs . The only Herb she did n't like in the package was Dill . So we replaced the Dill with Oregano and let me say it worked like a charm . We simply removed the Dill seed from the sponge and put in our Oregano seed . Normal germination for Oregano is 10 to 20 days . We had growth after only 3 days using the Aerogarden . Big Success - Love the Machine.Take Care . .
 This is one of those nice things that you rarely find
 We have two of these . The white one is in the kitchen growing herbs , and the black one is in the office growing lettuce . I finally feel like a successful gardener ! These come with explicit instructions and pictures so you ca n't make a mistake . There were only two issues
 I received as a Christmas gift . Had never heard of it , but my son just KNEW I 'd love it . Set-up was very quick . Easy to follow instructions with pics . All the herbs sprouted in the time frame printed on the pod . -LRB- Beware the basil placement as it LEAPS ahead of the rest - perhaps a side spot vs center where it hogs all the light -RRB- . I month later , I have LOADS of herbs , some of which I 'm using and some that I 'm drying for later use . You need to top off the water to the fill line and add the provided nutrient tabs every other week . -LRB- A light comes on to warn you -RRB- . You can program the light to give your plants the needed 8 hrs of dark . The grow light is VERY bright , so I suggest choosing your home placement carefully . We opted for the bottom of the basement stairs.We ca n't wait to try the other kits .
 This is the first time I 've ever done one of these reviews . I bought my aerogarden back in February and I absolutely love it ! It 's easy to set up and maintain and I have more herbs than I know what to do with . Before I got it , it would just kill me to make a dish calling , for example , 2 tbls . of fresh basil , parsley and cilantro . That would mean having to buy about $ 10 worth of herbs and then only using a small fraction of them . This product will pay for itself many times over !
 I only just purchased my AeroGarden , so I have nothing to harvest just yet , but I wanted to comment on the high quality of the package , and the ease of setup . I was very pleasantly surprised . The instruction manual was clearly written and diagrammed . You simply screw in the light bulbs , attach the light to the base , add water , drop the seed packets into their slots -LRB- clearly marked -RRB- , cover them , plug it in , drop in a couple of tablets and you 're good to go.The salad greens seed kit was included in the package , but I started with the herbs , which I ordered separately . Apparently there are additional seed packets under development . Also , the grow light is indeed very , very bright but it 's easy to program for nighttime shut-off .
 I have had the Aerogarden for two months now and now have more basil than I know what to do with . I have basil scrambled eggs for breakfast , pesto pasta for dinner , pistou soup for lunch -- I have an abundance of basil . When I first planted my Aerogarden , however , the cilantro and the dill did not sprout . I contacted customer service , and they not only sent me new seed pods for the cilantro and dill , they sent me a whole new seed pod collection . However , since the basil was doing so spectacularly , I did not want to interfere with it . The mint is going good -LRB- B + -RRB- and the parsley gets a C . The cilantro finally sprouted , but it gets a grade of D at best and I never did get dill -LRB- I did not plant the new seed pod -RRB- . Overall , this is a great product . Customer service is very responsive and , let 's face it , these are a living plants -- Aerogarden has guaranteed them the best they can . The only reason I do n't give it a 5 is that , looking at results , I 'm not sure that the herbs are well suited to be grown together .
 There are times you look at the ad for a product and say , `` Well it looks good in the ad , but that 's a lot of money to pay for what may be just a cheap piece of chinese plastic . '' Well , I ordered this for my wife with missgivings . When it arrived , I was immediately struck with the solid , quality construction . My wife followed the instructions and in less than 3 weeks we were eating all the delicious , healthy , fresh herbs we could handle . The herbs produced for over 5 months , and then we replaced them.We were so impressed with the product , we bought two more with a shelf -- one for salad greens and one for cherry tomatoes . If you love fresh produce and especially salads , but it seems as if some are always spoiling in your fridge , then this is a great product for you .
 I 've tried in the past to grow any plants and would not have much luck , I 'd forget to water or the sun light was either to much or too little . This product works wonderful . The firts time I seen it my sister was at my sisters house . She had the herb garden growing . The plants were healty and Tasty . There is nothing like having fresh herbs for cooking . After that I just had to have one . It 's has taken all the guess work out of gardening . It 's easy to maintain and it 's nearly self suffecient . There is a light that come on about every two weeks as a reminder to add the fertilizer and water and the rest is taken care of for you . You can get any better than that.LK
 My first produce I 'm growing is cherry tomato 's . So far they are growing like it is stated in the book . Looking forward to my first crop , LOL .
 I gave this gift to my son-in-law for Christmas . Being that he loves to cook and use all sorts of herbs , he was thrilled with the gift . He liked the idea that he could purchase more variety kits for his garden . He will set it up in a few weeks .
 The Aerogarden is great ! I ca n't wait for my fresh herbs , and they grow so fast , it wo n't be long !
 I was not sure how this product would work but honestly i ca n't say enough about it . I grow plenty of hot peppers and planted various different ones such as , bhut jalokia , red/orange/white habanero 's trinidad scorpian . . all peppers have come up within a week . !! IF you do n't believe it try it this system is truely amazing !
 This is the second one that I bought . One as a gift for a friend and one as a gift for my wife . She loves it . Having fresh herbs and a window garden that is low maintenance . Package came quickly and product is very useful.As for the nutrients , we lucked into losing them by accidentally throwing the box away with the other recycle . We called Aerogarden and found out that the nutrients that were packed with that box are out of date . Free of charge they sent us new nutrients and the plants responded quickly , growing even faster than they were before . Call them if you have the old white disintegrating tablets . The new nutrients are liquid packets .
 The Aerogarden has proven to be awesome . All but 1 of our seedlings have sprouted and are flourishing . I was impressed with the timer adjustability so that it is on and off when you want it to be . The only thing we did not like was the fact that it only came with the `` Quick Instructions '' and lacked the supposed in-depth instructions as we had some questions that we had to look up online . Aside from that , it has so far been a great purchase .
 i 've wanted one of these since i saw it in an overpriced kitchen store last summer . i do n't seem to have any luck growing herbs from seed and keeping them alive . this neat little machine had the seeds started in no time at all . some of the plants grow faster than others , but i 've just been trimming them down to let others catch up . working very well so far ! i find it wonderful to have fresh herbs at hand in the winter . i just set it up less than four weeks ago and i already got to use my basil . the only thing is to set the light timer to go off around bed time . it is incredibly bright !!
 I am very pleased with my AeroGarden Classic 7-podAeroGarden Classic 7-Pod with Gourmet Herb Seed Kit , Silver , even though one pod -LRB- Chives -RRB- did not germinate . The others grew quickly and well and I was harvesting and eating fresh herbs less than four weeks after setting it up -- best Christmas present I got this year!I wish , however , you could buy individual seed pod packs , instead of the full seven at once . I would have put something else in the chives spot when it had n't germinated after two weeks .
 so far so good ! We 've only had it set up for a little over a week and we already have a few sprouts ! It so easy to set up and looks great on the counter . It 's great to have the extra light ! Makes no noise at all and it 's not too big . Everything has already started to grow , some faster than others of course ! I would recommend this pruduct !
 Great product so far . The seeds are germinating as promised . Easy to assemble and set up .
 MY HUSBAND AND MYSELF ARE HAVING FUN WATCHING OUR FRESH HERBS GROW.AND THERE NO GUESS WORK TO IT , IT TELLS YOU WHEN TO DO EVERYTHING . WHEN TO WATER , ETC. . WE ARE LOOKING FORWARD TO START USING OUR FRESH HERBS WITHOUT BUGS . . THEY REALLY LOOKING GOOD . WE ARE TALKING ABOUT WHAT NEXT TO GROW
 FAST GROWTH ! I 've never seen plants `` take off '' so fast!I love having fresh herbs in winter ! Now that the summer is approaching , I 'll probably transplant them to a window box in a couple of weeks . And start my flowers in the Aerogardem , and then transplant them outside.I would have given the product 5 stars except for the pump cleaning process that 's necessary . I do n't really mind it too much , but ; not everyone is mechanical . I 'm sure lots of people are n't going to be comfortable taking apart the Aerogarden 's pump . Also , you should clean between the growth deck and the pump . YouTube has a video on how to do it properly -LSB- ... -RSB- Residue tends to collect in that tight space and inhibit water flow .
 My husband and I are as enthralled with our attractive AeroGarden 7 as though it were a new pet . I placed it in an active part of the house where we both admire the growth of the plants several times a day . It is incredibly easy to set up , plant and maintain . Because these indoor gardens do not require any outdoor light they can be placed anywhere . We have had it for 6 weeks now , have cut off many full grown herb clusters and have appreciated the blinking lights reminding us when the water is low or when a feeding is due . Actually , it really is like a fun addition to our family . We have not named it or anything silly like that . . although that could be a cute idea ... These guys could be addictive . I know a few people , besides myself , who are considering getting another one.Flaws
 I received my Aerogarden two and a half weeks ago and am thrilled with it . The only reason I have not given it five stars is that I think they are too expensive , particularly the seed kits . I hope that as their popularity grows the price will come down . At two weeks all the seed pods had sprouted . They are expected to sprout at different times as indicated on the seed pods and all sprouted on schedule or earlier . I 'm new to reviewing and would like to upload a picture but not sure that is possible.The set up was ridiculously easy but I do recommend you read the instructions as doing things in a certain order is needed . Also you are supposed to put the seed pods in in a specific order -LRB- as they are in the box -RRB- I did n't read that part first and took them out of the separate seed kit box so then did n't know what order to put them in . I think this is a likely error and a list of order they are to be inserted in enclosed in the box would avoid the problem . I guessed on the order and they seem to be growing well.After set up you just add water and nutrients and then again in the future when the machine tells you to with flashing lights . Could n't be easier !! The instruction booklet is short -LRB- nice for those of us who do n't like reading instructions :-RRB- The only part that can be confusing is the adding of nutrients . The instruction book refers to tablets/pellets but what you receive is plastic tubes of liquid and you do n't add as many tubes as the instruction says you should add tablets . Just ensure you read the nutrient amount info in the instruction book in the seed pod box for guidance on this and ignore it in the master instruction book . Also you add more or less nutrients depending on whether you have 3 or 6 or 7 pod gardens so read carefully.The light is super bright . You do n't want it where you are sleeping . I have it in the kitchen and I put a three sided board in front of it at night -LRB- small version of what kids use at science faires for their exhibits to block out the light as it seeps into the bedroom nearby . Herbs have 7 to 8 hours a day where the lights are off so I set the timer to turn the lights off at 11 PM and they automatically come back on 8 hours later . This is a fabulous feature and super easy to operate.The pump was so quiet that at first I did n't think it was working.So except that I would like a lower price I HIGHLY recommend this product and ca n't wait to enjoy the herbs that after 2 and a half weeks are almost ready to start harvestingUPDATE after two weeks one of the bulbs died . I contacted customer service and they immediately said they would send a replacement . I was disapointed it was a week before they confirmed it had shipped but they have shipped two new bulbs and even with just one currently working the herbs have continued to grow and I have had so much basil that I have had to harvest some .
 works good , better than I thought it would . Basil grows very fast , other plants quite a bit slower but none have died or failed to grow . Great for aparments or others with no good place to grow plants .
 Love my Aerogarden . Easy to set up and I now have herbs that will soon be ready to harvest . Would be especially good for an apartment dweller . Going to grow mixed lettuce when this crop is finished . Amazing how fast the herbs came up .
 Everything but the parsley has really taken off and one of the bulbs went out after only a month . I called customer support and they are shipping me a replacement bulb and parsley pod for no charge . Overall , I 'm pretty happy with it and am looking forward to growing some tomatoes next .
 works like a charm ive been using it for three weeks and the plant are about 6 inches tall and usable , , , i have zero complaints with this and would recommend to anyone who likes to grow there own
 This was a very easy set up ... add the water and the supplied nutrients and within 4-5 days there are little plants growing ... it is AMAZING ! I ca n't wait until they get big enough that I can start using the herbs in my cooking !
 I 'd been eyeing the AeroGarden for quite some time - during the dark months of winter . I was totally missing my `` fresh-picked '' tomatoes , but I just could n't see spending $ 150 on myself ! So I put it on my Amazon Wish List : - -RRB- DH bought it for me for Christmas ! I wo n't repeat earlier posts describing what-all is involved with planting/maintenance . I 'll just say that on 12/24/07 , I `` planted '' cherry tomato seeds and , by 2/24/08 , tomatoes were already starting to appear !!! Grant you , they are n't edible yet - but I am soooo excited!The plants require minimal tending
 I bought the unit from Amazon and It came with the herbs . The herbs grew very well and fast and will last a long time . Easy to read and follow instructions . I did purchase the Strawberry plants for this directly from Aerogarden in Colorado in early spreing . The plants arrived and the root system was a little bit black , even though it was sent with a heated unit for the plants . Several weeks later I received an email stating that they made an error with the nutrients tablets and that you should use only 1 at a time . Th strawberry plants did not do well until I transplanted them into my outdoor strawberry bed , now they ar fine . Buy the unit though and get the herb garden its really worth it .
 gave my mom this thing for her b-day/mother 's day -LRB- same day for her -RRB- have n't persoanally seen hers . She said it was more than what she saw online and so impressive she offered it to be a pres for both her and Dad . I have tasted some of the things she grew in it . It makes for a wonderful low maintainence indor plant grower for those of us who have would like to improve the atmosphere indoors yet do not like ot open window to give plants sun for reason of noisy -LRB- and nosey / loitering -RRB- nieghbors . I will be getting one of thse for myself soon . Great for houses with gas furnaces that are in the den . -LRB- that stink and suck air . -RRB- .
 A great albeit expensive product to get fresh herbs into all of your cooking .
 i love the aerogarden . sure it 's expensive and it takes up a lot of room in my kitchen ... but it 's all so worth it . however , my herbs are n't quite as lush and prolific as the picture on the box might indicate . nonetheless , i love this product . so far , all i 've tried are the herbs that my aerogarden came with . also , i should mention that the herbs have a relatively short shelf life of only 4 mos . or so .
 It is great to have fresh , clean herbs on my counter top anytime . As a long-time gardener and cook , I really missed my fresh herbs when winter came . I bought an aerogrow garden in February and love it . Now that warm weather is here and I can grow herbs outside , I plan to grow salad greens , bug and dirt free . The garden looks attractive on the kitchen counter , does n't take up much room and has been fun for me and my grandaughter . I highly recommend it . Would make an excellent gift .
 We bought ours just before Christmas and plugged it in on December 27 . The chives and basils sprouted after just 3 days and we 've seen visible growth in the few hours from when we come home from work to when we go to bed . Seven days into the project and we 're seeing signs of life in the `` Sprouts in 8-14 days '' pods.The documentation is excellent . It has simple clear diagrams and easy to follow language . And the instructions appear in multiple places , so you do n't have to worry about losing the manual.We bought the white model retail for the same price before tax and it came with a $ 20 mail-in rebate , but you had to buy two to get the deal .
 I purchased this kit as a gift , and when it was opened it was missing the entire seed kit , no baskets , domes , sponges , nutrients or seeds were included . That made it impossible to plant anything and the recipients were quite disappointed . When I came back to Amazon I found that sales of this item as a Prime item shipped by Amazon had been suspended because of problems with the items . I wrote to both Amazon * and * to the manufacturer , as suggested by Amazon 's policies to see if I could get the missing parts that both Amazon AND the packaging had stated should be included in the box . Amazon responded quickly and offered me the choice of returning the whole thing -LRB- not an option we wanted to institute -RRB- or getting a partial refund as they did not feel that it was possible for Amazon to send me the missing parts , as I had requested . That is fair and their response was rapid . The manufacturer , on the other hand was slow to respond and did not take responsibility for having a packaged product that did not contain what the package stated it did ! They suggested that I purchase the missing items from them , which I would never do . The recipient has purchased the baskets , domes , and sponges themselves and I will supply them with seeds MUCH less expensive seeds than the manufacturer provides . Simply search on &#34; aerogarden compatible nutrients &#34; to find nutrients and other supplies at a fraction of the price that the manufacturer charges . I suggest that everyone who purchases this marvelous garden purchase refills from almost anyone other than the manufacturer for less expensive and more trustworthy service
 My parents sent me the Aerogarden so I could grow cherry tomatoes in my dark garden-less apartment . I started with the Salad Green kit that came with the unit . Within 4 weeks I had a plethora of greens to pick and eat , so plump and juicy . I just nip off a couple of leaves as I need them . Ca n't wait to grow my tomatoes.The unit super easy to set up , very clear directions , a real no-brainer . Simply click parts together , fill with water , plop in tablets , insert seed pods and leave it alone until it is time to eat . The seeds sprouted within 3 days and took off . I set the lights so they are on during the day until about 11 p.m. the unit really lights up the room . The Aerogarden lets you know when you need to add more water and nutrients . The air in that corner of the room feels moist which , in Southern California , is a blessing but should be kept in mind when placing the unit.I 'm seriously considering about getting another unit , I just have to keep it out of the way of my cat who thinks the garden is her own personal nibble fest .
 Once you get over the fact that the Aerogrow is infomercical hype that requires costly `` seed kits '' and special lightbulbs , this is truly an amazing product . The herbs literally started growing within days . In less than a month , I have an enormous herb garden . I do n't have to do anything except occasionally add more water , and the Aerogrow even alerts me as to when to do this . I ca n't wait to have fresh herbs during winter when they are hard to grow indoors.The `` seed kits '' are seeds in a little sponge that is encased with a plastic housing . The plastic fits into small holes in the Aerogrow . The root system pushes out of the sponge and plastic housing and down into the water tank below . Nutrients are occasionally placed into the water tank . The Aerogrow has lights to alert when nutrients should be added . This is not rocket science . In fact , I removed the provided seeds from one of the sponges and replaced them with cucumber seeds that I 'd bought , and literally within 3 days I had a plant that was 3 inches tall . When you buy seed kits , you are paying for the sponge and plastic housing that fits into the Aerogrow . Yes , this is a rip off and a crafty person could probably replicate the housing and use another type of sponge to avoid having to buy more costly seed kits.The Aerogrow is costly , as are the component parts . However , it 's true that it will pay for itself . It is quiet , though it does take up a bit of space.I would give the Aerogrow 5 stars except for the fact that it is costly and the component parts are costly .
 The AeroGarden is perfect for anyone without outdoor space or without the time or energy for growing vegetables . The setup was easy and there is a minimal amount of effort required to grow vegetables . My kit came with the salad greens , and I was amazed at how quickly the lettuce grew ! I was harvesting lettuce within 3 weeks ! I love picking lettuce for sandwiches or salads as I need it .
 My AeroGarden was an impulse buy that I have not regretted for a moment . After planting and killing countless herbs in a pot on my kitchen window shelf , I finally have a ready supply of healthy plants requiring minimal maintenance.I have had no trouble with the pump or timers on my unit . Every two weeks it signals me to add more nutrients . I monitor the water level and keep it topped up , although it does signal if I let it get really low -LRB- and the light goes off when I refill it -RRB- . The unit is nearly silent when the water is at level . Early on in the grow cycle the dripping was audible , but not since the plant roots have grown.As for the plants , the two basil plants are little monsters that I have to keep nipping back -LRB- okay , so there is SOME maintenance -RRB- . As long as I keep the monsters in check the others do fine with the exception of the chives . They 're just a thin sprig that I have n't been able to use . Fortunately the cilantro is doing well , since that was at the top of my list and the herb I have always had the most trouble growing . Overall the quality of the plants is very good -- and there 's not a pesticide in sight.I 've moved the light fixture up three times so far . I have nutrients for another eight weeks on my first bed of herbs , which means these plants will have lived longer than any that I ever grew in a pot.I 'm so pleased with my herb I 'm planning on buying another so that I can have French herbs too . And then I 'll need a third for either tomatos or strawberries . Fortunately , I just noticed the three-garden wall `` farm '' today .
 I was impressed by the favorable reviews of this product , and I can add my own endorsement . The product arrived on time and was easy and fun to set up . It 's very well made and the instruction booklet is informative and clearly written . The seeds -LRB- except for the cilantro -RRB- sprouted right on time -- very exciting ! -- and now , 3 weeks later , I have thriving little herb plants . The unit is attractive and looks beautiful on my countertop . Everyone who sees it is fascinated by it and you can almost watch the plants grow -- you certainly can see impressive growth every day . The lights are very bright so if you 're setting one up , put some thought into when you want the lights to be on -LRB- they 're on for about 16 hours a day -RRB- . The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is the cilantro did not sprout . I called customer service and although I waited quite a while for my call to be answered , the representative was super helpful and nice . She 's sending me 2 replacement cilantro pods . Although I 'm not sure if the product will ever be cost-effective , I 'm getting so much enjoyment out of it , it 's well worth it !
 This thing is amazing . Little upkeep . The lettuce is like a forest and I ca n't wait to grow tomatos .
 The Aerogarden is so much better than what I ever expected ! The herbs that I started with continued to grow for 5 months . I had enough herbs to share with friends and still have some to dry . This unit worked so well , that I now have a second unit . All the growing pods have the listed days it takes for the seeds to germinate . Those days have been exact in each pod I have used . I have also harvested the herbs , greens , etc. at the approximate time they have listed as beginning harvesting times . I have salad greens and the salsa garden growing at the same time -- great fresh salads etc. ! I have recommended this product to many of my friends and continue to do so .
 We throw an aluminized survival blanket -LRB- only a couple of dollars -RRB- over unit which reflects light back onto plants and also keeps them warmer which increases growth in addition to eliminating the light glare - Love this unit - fun , productive , educational , organic , easy and probably money saving in long run - worth every cent
 I like my Aero garden however I 've had a few issues . The cilantro never came up -LRB- my brother experienced the same problem with his -RRB- and my basil had red spider mites that I had to terminate . The remainder of the garden has grown and provided me with beautiful herbs that I have been able to harvest often . The `` water level low '' light came on last week and will not reset , but that has not proven to be a problem as of yet.I bought one for my mom who lives in a remote Alaskan village and can not get fresh produce so I am looking forward to hear how she fares .
 I was skeptical at first in spite of all the glowing reviews but this product is even better than described.Everything germinated without any problems and I can hardly cut enough of the herbs to stop them from hitting the lightbulb which does burn them.My only problem is that my cat seems to be addicted to the chives so i have yet to have enough to cut any for myself.My one complaint is that the pole should be taller so the herbs could grow more without burning the ends.Also , I would love something even bigger that could grow something like squash , bell peppers , cukes etc.With gardens getting smaller and smaller this makes a lot of sense to me.At any rate I am considering buying another one for tomatoes and greens or both and wonder if anyone has these placed in a room other than the kitchen ?
 My husband and I were so happy with this product that we bought a second one . Love using the fresh herbs from it almost daily as it 's so easy to use and so convenient .
 I do love to cook . Therefore we always did have several herbs in the freezer . I also tried with some potted herbs but after a couple weeks they just died . I guess not enough light , or to much / less water.With AeroGarden I do now have always fresh herbs around . My wife says we have now to `` much '' herbs . These herbs are growing like crazy . If they do get to big then we cut them and store them in the freezer . It should be a must for every kitchen !
 I bought this as a gift for a friend who likes to cook , and he raves about it . The AeroGarden performs as advertised , and it was easy to set up . Although it 's a bit pricey , if you do n't like to garden or do n't have a garden , and you like to cook , you 'll love this .
 So I thought I was ordering an Aerogarden 7 . Instead I got an Aerogarden 6 with 7 pods . Buyer beware . The machine works well and as advertised . It does n't have a water pump . Instead , it pumps air through the water in the tank . It works as I expected it however . Herbs sprouted as advertised . The lights work well , very bright . You need to put this somewhere away from where you sleep . The pump was quiet at first , but then became quite loud . I 'm happy with it overall but I wish I had a place to put it where it would n't be such a disturbance . All in all a good device and it looks sharp.Update 1/21/2013
 I am in love ! I just ordered a second one . I will have one for herbs and one for lettuces . Right now I have a bunch of basil growing . In less than 3 weeks , I am harvesting basil ! UNREAL . I am not sure why some reviewers have said that there was a lot of noise . Mine is so quiet that I have to check to make sure the water is going thru.A couple of quick notes . Do n't plan to keep this in an area that you also wish to sleep . The lights will be on for at least 16 hours per day . You can program them to go off at whatever time you wish . I have mine programmed to go off at 10pm . But it goes back on just before 6am ! It does n't take Saturday and Sundays off !!! So , just know that.Also , I have had to add water only once in the past 3 weeks . And it was when it also needed nutrients . The nutrients are in the box with the seed kit ... so make sure you do n't just take out the seed pods and throw away the box .
 I was very excited to receive this as a gift from my husband and I absolutely was not disappointed ! It was very easy to put together and everything I planted came to sprout even before the projected days . I 've been making pesto out the wazoo ! After I cleaned it the first time however I could not figure out why the pump was n't working or find an explanation in the manual . A simple call to the manufacturer cleared it right up ! They where very kind and helpful . The only thing I have noticed is the plants that I have transplanted have not continued to flourish as nicely outside in the dirt , but I cant really fault them for that because that 's not what it was made for . There also might be some operator error involved but I have n't been curious enough to look into it yet ...
 I hope I can convey how good I feel about my purchase of the AeroGarden . While waiting for the unit to arrive , I visited some websites with some negative things to say . Nothing serious , but little things that once added up may have led me to steer clear of this system.Let 's just say I 'm glad I read about it after I bought it . It was delivered early -LRB- Thanks AeroGrow -RRB- , was securely packaged and after reading the ABC instructions , it was setup in no time at all . I estimate under an hour - maybe 45 minutes . That was almost two weeks ago and for the last few days , I 've been noticing sprouts poking their heads outside the seed pod labels - 5 so far.I am impressed with the quality of the product and simplicity of the design . Everything in one neat little package - simple to use - easy re-ordering system whether through the catalogue or online . The prices may seem steep but you 're paying for simplicity and convenience - the fact is that it is literally a plug and play system . You need to know how to do some very simple assembly , fill a reservoir with water , empty a couple nutrient packs and plug it in ... it could n't be simpler . The seed pods fit snuggly into the holes in the growing area and the clear plastic caps create a greenhouse effect for each plant.I 'm so impressed with it , I bought a second unit to grow full sized plants .
 Bought used only problem it was poorly packed with all 3 grow lights broke . Up and running now with little sprouts .
 Great product , I was a skeptic at first until I tried it . 2 weeks before I purchased the garden 7 classic I planted basil , dill and mint in regular potting soil to my surprise the classic 7 garden grows considerably faster . My mother in-law had seen it and wanted one , so I purchased a second unit . It was the perfect gift she loves it . If you like to have fresh herbs on hand in the winter months I recommend this product .
 I must say the AeroGarden is amazing . My tomatos grew very fast and I did n't have to get dirty : -RRB-
 Excellent indoor growing system that requires little attention . Very fast-growing . Having trouble keeping up with all the herbs it `` cranks out . '' I 'll be trying out the salad greens next ... or maybe the green peppers . Pity AeroGrow does n't have a bush cucumber collection .
 I love my AeroGarden . I do n't have room in my kitchen for it , so it lives in the foyer between the upstairs bedrooms , so I never miss it going up or down the stairs . Had great success with salad greens and am now growing French herbs . Ca n't wait to try them . Would recommend this device to anyone who either likes to garden or likes to cook . It would have been extremely handy during all the winters I used to spend in Vermont !
 First time I 've had success growing anything other than the weeds in my lawn.Update
 If , like me , you have little outdoor space and/or lack a green thumb -LRB- me too ! -RRB- you 'll be delighted with the AeroGarden . It 's more or less fool proof in that you supply water and nutrients when the light flashes on the front . The newer units are very quiet so they 're perfect for a kitchen or office and yield maybe $ 100 of herbs over the course of a harvest . The lights operate on a timer so it really is very simple to operate.Here are a few kinks and quirks : - The life-cycle could last much longer if they gave you more nutrient . While I understand the desire to sell more pods , it 's somewhat wasteful to kill the plants just because there 's no more feed left . - Some of the seed kits are bland - out of 7 pods , one I ordered had three different types of basil . I like basil but not that much basil ! Others have a better variety so definitely check before ordering . - Spiders and bugs do like attacking the plant and I have n't found much information on what to do about this . I had a million little spiders living in the thing during the final harvest so had to dump the crop . - Pods are not foolproof - some simply do not grow . To the manufacturer 's credit , they 'll replace any that do n't germinate so do n't forget to contact them if this happens to you.Still it 's a good system and I can only believe it will get better with subsequent iterations . If I could buy the pods for half the price or get the nutrient in bulk , it would be perfect , especially given the inflated price of herbs in supermarkets .
 I got this for my wife for Christmas . She planted the herbs on Christmas day , and they are doing great . She planted Basil , Chives , and Parsley . The Chives are growing like weeds , and the Basil is looking good too . The Parsley just sprouted . They tell you on each pod how long it will take for them to sprout and they are right on . It took her about 10 minutes to put everything together and about another 5 to get it going . Very easy set up . Great so far !
 I have been using my Aerogarden Classic for over a year and absolutely love it ! It is great to have fresh herbs on hand anytime I need them and definately beats buying the packaged forms that go bad so quickly.I love mine so much that I just purchaed a second one to grow an additional garden ! I would suggest the Pro 200 or Deluxe if you want to grow full size veggies but for herbs or salad greens the Classic is just perfect .
 My husband got the AeroGrow for me for Christmas . Honestly , I was happy to receive it but unsure if it would live up to the hype . Right now I have fresh Italian basil and fresh purple basil , as well as parsley , mint , chives and dill growing right on my counter ! It tells me when to water and nourish it , it turns the light on and off ... all I have to do is harvest the herbs . We LOVE this product . A few minutes ago I walked by and pinched off a basil leaf and ate it with a big smile on my face . The herbs are there when I need them ; there 's no running off to the store or herbs going bad in the fridge because we could n't use them right away . It 's an incentive to be a more imaginative cook . `` Hmm , what else can I make with basil ? '' Or dill , or mint or chives ? Next time I think I will try the lettuce mix ... I 've received some nice gifts from my imaginative husband but this one gives me joy every single day , sitting right there on my counter .
 Well , I 'd always wanted to try one of these and when Amazon.com had a sale , I talked my husband into it.So far , I have to say all is well and the product looks nice and is performing just as advertised . Every herb plant -LRB- from the Gourmet Herb seed pod kit that came with it -RRB- came up and before the full time allotted ran out . Most were nicely ahead of schedule . I am just about to the end of the first two week germination period , so we 'll see if the `` add nutrient '' lights come on properly.The unit has been through several short power failures and nothing has disrupted the scheduling of the lights going on and off at the proper times . The light is bright , yes ... but not so bright as a sunny window . My unit is in a finished basement room where I can keep it shut away from my plant-destroying young cats . Were it not for the cats , it * would * be on my kitchen counter ! However , before you buy one , you should be sure you have a good place to keep it and wo n't be bothered by the light . It is on 17 hours a day during the herb cycle . Me , I like light.We did have one scare , when my husband smelled a burning smell coming from the unit one night . The smell was completely gone by morning when he told me about it and I checked the unit but I called Customer Service anyway . I was pleasantly surprised not to have to wait on hold . They said that sometimes there is a coating on the plastic that burns off within the first 3-4 days . OK ... this happened perhaps just past that point , at about 4-5 days , so I assume it was just what they said . No further instances of strange smells since . Still , it was quite worrisome at the time , so I could wish the company might mention this possible occurrence in the manual so one might be prepared ! They did give me a quick way to check and be sure it was n't my pump burnt out ... and it clearly was n't . So I felt safe continuing to run the unit and appreciated the quick help . The pump has so far been VERY quiet , almost silent , actually.I 'm looking forward to seeing how my herbs grow . If they do well , I think I 'll start looking for a place to put a secondary and possibly a third unit . Perhaps using one of those accessory wall stands . The one drawback of course is that you get hooked into needing to buy their seed or master gardener kits , their nutrient tablets and their grow bulbs -LRB- which are supposed to be replaced at six month intervals -RRB- . So this is probably NOT the most cost effective way to grow . OTOH ... I can look forward to basil that is not half-destroyed by earwigs ! And FRESH herbs when all is frozen and brown outside . It 's surely an EASY way to garden!Update
 The basil grew beautifully , but I think the biggest reason the other herbs did n't grow well is from not pinching off the basil early enough . Since there was a lot of basil , I layed the leaves on a piece cut from a paper bag , let them dry out , and put them in a glass jar . Mint was a bust , which I 'm not surprised since the way it grows is n't conducive to a small area . Cilantro was ok , but nothing really looked as lush -LRB- except basil -RRB- than on the display photo . If I tried this kit again , I 'm sure it 'd go better by not having the basil choke out the other plants.I did the salad greens/leaf lettuce kit , too . I realized I 'm just not a fan of leaf lettuce ; too bitter , but it grew nicely.My mom got me the Chia Herb Garden and it 's been pretty unsuccessful so far . -LRB- By the time I purchase a light , fertilizer , bigger pots , it 's breakeven comapared to the AreaGarden -RRB- I had to get a light over it , and it 's still spindly . The AreoGarden fared much better . Sure , there 's cheaper ways to grow plants indoor or in pots , but I just do n't have the knack for watering and fertilizing , so for people like me , it 's the way to go .
 I have never been able to grow anything . I have killed more plants than I care to mention . So , when I saw the care instructions for the Aerogarden I thought , `` Even I can do this ! '' And I can . With next to no effort I have a healthy herb garden and even went out and bought an additional garden for lettuce . I live in a high rise apartment building making the aerogarden especially nice for someone with limited space and no land .
 Simple to set up . Simple to maintain . All my seeds sprouted right on schedule . Instructions for trimming & harvesting very clear . I 'm looking forward to some tasty fresh herbs . The grow lights really brighten up a dark corner in my living room .
 Overall , this is a great product . The herbs were wonderful , with the exception of the chives . Having fresh pestos and cilantro through the colder months was great . After we used up the tablets last spring , we planted the entire insert into window boxes and continued to get great harvests all summer - in fact the chives came back this spring and are growing better than they did last year . Tomatoes were a disappointment - it was hard to get the flowers fertilized , and the ones that started growing kept running into the light . The yellow produced a decent amount , but the reds did not start to produce until we were running out of tablets . The only good thing is that once they were at this size , they stayed healthy even without pump running or tablets , and now we have them in the garden and will have to wait if they continue to produce . Letting the machine soak in water for a bit after the aerogarden has been dry is recommended to soften the roots and lesson the noise . We also found that a good cleaning of the metal contacts on the lightpost and the pump with isopropanol was essential . We got a free pump replacement , but in retrospect , the first pump would have been fine with cleaning the contacts .
 see update at end of review ****************** I was lamenting about only having frech lettuce , herbs , chives , and tomatoes from may garden during the long fall-winter-spring parts of the year . The refrigerated stuff from the grocery store goes bad right away and does not taste as good as the fresh stuff from the garden , either.Then I saw a Time Magazine page on the new AeroGrow AeroGarden , and I just had to try it out . After reading the AeroGrow website before making the purchase , I realized that buying one garden would not work for me , as the tomatoes can not be grown in the same garden as lettuce & herbs . This is partially due to the large amount of room taken up by the tomatoes , and also because the lamp/watering cycle is different and finally because the nutrients are different.So , I bought two gardens , along with the Salad Greens seed kit and Cherry Tomato seed kit . Each garden comes with a mixed herb kit , so I figured to mix in a few herbs with the other seeds , and if they did not work , no big loss.The products came quickly and the instructions for assembly were very clear and well written with excellent diagrams . I came to realize that this somewhat pricey product at least comes from a company that produces a classy product -LRB- a rare thing these days -RRB- . I found a space on a shelf beside the basement stairs , and placed both assembled gardens there . I also bought and placed a digital thermometer with maximum/minimum temperature memory readouts -LRB- $ 10 at Radio Shack -RRB- , because I was unsure of what temperature extremes the plants might experience in that location -LRB- 68-72 as it turns out -RRB- . The seed kits contain pre-seeded planting pods . Each pod is basically a plastic cup shaped frame with two pieces of foam rubber inside the cup part , like two slices of bread with the seeds sandwiched between them . They simply insert into the seven holes in the top of the garden 's water tank . The Salad Greens and Herbs come with seven pods per kit , while the Tomatos come with three pods plus four hole plugs-the plants are bigger so three of them take up thw whole space available . The hole plugs prevent evaporation of the water through the unoccupied holes.The water tank holds exactly one gallon of regular drinking water . Well water is not recommended , presumably because of impurities , and since I am on a well I bought two one-gallon plastic jugs of ` drinking water ' at the store for 50 cents each and filled the tanks with their contents . A pump in the tank takes water and pipes it to the rim of each of the seven holes in the tank 's top , and here the trickle of water flows into the foam sandwich of each seed pod . The foam stays moist and the rest of the water drips back down into the tank . The garden 's ` computer ' cycles the water flow on and off according to the amount recommended for the type of plant being grown . A water level sensor turns on a flashing red light when it is time to add more water to the tank.The top of the garden is a reflector with two compact-fluorescent lamps , of the variety that has the special ultraviolet -LRB- UV -RRB- coating that causes the emmitted light to resemble sunlight . The reflector rides on a vertical pole that extends up from the garden 's base , so you can raise and lower the lamps as required to keep them the correct distance above the plants . The garden 's ` computer ' also turns the lamps on and off according to a schedule tailored to the type of plant . If using the gardens in a place where the light might be a problem at night , you can syncronize the computer so that the lights are on only during the daytime and off when you are trying to sleep.The seed kits come with little clear plastic cups that cover each pod until the seeds have germinated , then you can dispose of them . The kits also come with a bag of nutrient tablets , which you add to the water tank when the computer prompts you to by flashing a red light . The nutrients are tailored to the type of plant being grown , and there are enough of them to feed the plants during their anticipated life span.I planted one garden with five salad green -LRB- leaf lettuce -RRB- pods , plus one pod each from the Herb kit , chives and parsley . The other garden got the threee pods from the Cherry Tomato kit ; two reds and one yellow variety.Each seed pod has a label that tells you how many days to wait for plants to appear after germination . All of my plants appeared like clockwork.I have had the gardens for about six weeks now , and have been enjoying salads containing lettuce , parsley and chives plus other odds and ends from the fridge , for the last two or three weeks . The lettuce and herbs are all beautiful , with no problems from bugs or too much/too little water , excessive temperatures , etc. . No need to wash the plants or check for bugs or pick off bad spots , everything goes straight to the salad bowl . What a joy ! Even with only five lettuce plants , I have to eat two meals including salad each day to keep up with the growth . This would easily feed two people , and if all seven salad green pods had been used , three people.The tomatoes are all doing well ahnd have been pruned according to instructions . It will be some time yet before they produce flowers , and then fruit . But based on the health of the plants , I expect a good yield.Each seed kit comes with a full color manual/booklet that covers all aspects of ` planting ' , germinating , feeding , pruning -LRB- if required -RRB- and then harvesting the plants . There are also photos of plants where things have gone wrong -LRB- leaves burned because the lamps were not raised up as the plants grew taller , etc -RRB- with clear instructions on how to recognize problems and correct them . Harvesting instructions clearly tell how much can be taken at a time without killing the plant , and so on.The AeroGrow gardens are a well designed , well built product with excellent documentation . All my visitors are amazed at how well the product works , and many have gone out and bought their own . I anticipate years of improved eating because of this product . ***************** Update November 2007I used my two gardens all Winter -LRB- 2006/2007 -RRB- until it was time to start getting produce from my real -LRB- outdoor -RRB- garden in the Summer , at which time I put the little gardens to rest for the season . During their use , I got a large crop of cherry tomatoes , all of which were beautiful . I went through on crop of lettuce and salad greens , and when the lettuce finally bolted , I replanted with only lettuce -LRB- no chives , etc this time -RRB- and got another couple of months worth of lettuce . I have now fired them up again in the Fall , and have nice little plants popping up . Aerogrow has more seed options available now , so I have planted a more interesting kind of lettuce .
 I love this product -- no dirt , no bugs and no chance of over-watering ! This is very easy to assemble and easy to use . Just add water and a couple of nutrient tablets every two weeks . There 's even a light that tells you when you need to do this.I planted my Gourmet Herbs on June 15 and I was ready to harvest the basil before the fourth of July ! If you follow the instructions , there 's no way to mess this up . The herbs lasted about six months . My only caution is -LRB- and this is noted in the instruction booklet -RRB- that the lamps are on about 16 hours a day and they are bright at night . I can close off the bedrooms , so it does n't bother me.I highly recommend this product to anyone one who has tried to grow herbs indoors in the past . Aerogarden 's customer service team is the best -- they know their stuff and are vary helpful . I had a problem with one of the herb kits and they have really worked to fix the problem.Update
 Length :
 I received this as a gift ; I was a little skeptical at first of the concept , but quickly got over it as I started to set it up and use it . I 've now had it operational for 6 months and my opinions have pretty much solidified.I want to end this review on a positive note , so I 'll start with the two cons I have . First , its really bright . This might sound like a no-brainer , but is certainly something to consider as it has the harsh-white lights on for up to 16 hours a day . Lastly , you have to put in fertilizer tabs every two weeks , but they do n't really give you enough to last through the life of the plants ; you have enough for the first three months and if you want to `` extend your growing season '' , you can purchase additional three month supply packs from their web site.On the positive side , it really could n't be easier to setup , grow , and maintain the plants . Takes less than 20 minutes to setup , and then just a few minutes every couple of days to maintain . Once the herbs are grown enough for casual harvest , you just snip and use . The plants are healthy and flavorful . Although you can use their seed packs , they also recently added a `` Masters '' kit that gives you a years worth of setups and fertilizer so you can grow your own seeds . All in all , a nice addition to a kitchen for either using fresh herbs when needed , or drying for later .
 Well , I have five of these gardens now , so obviously this is a product I 've been very happy with . I started out with tomatoes and salad greens , and the salad greens were so tasty I added a second garden of those and two strawberry gardens -LRB- the second one is on order -RRB- . I have had no trouble with the pumps or noise , and everything has grown beautifully . With five gardens going at once , it 's so bright in that area of my kitchen that it looks like a UFO landing site , LOL , but they are all scheduled to go off at 11 p.m. so it 's no problem at night when we 're sleeping.These gardens are so cheerful to have around . They add a nice moisture and a green , fresh smell , and I find the lights cheerful too.The salad greens grow very quickly and are so tasty that my biggest problem is resisting the urge to constantly pluck off leaves and eat them all day long . That 's why I got a second one -- so there would be plenty . With four in my family , one garden did not produce quite enough for us . Our first salad crop also did not grow for very long , only a couple of months , but I think that 's just the nature of the plant . The tomatoes took a long time to go to the fruiting stage -LRB- 13 weeks -RRB- , but now they are producing two or three ripe tomatoes each day , and they are delicious.I love having food growing indoors . No bugs , no bird poop , no dirt , and everything can be eaten right off the plant . Tonight over dinner we literally watched our first strawberry turn from white to pink on the end.No , this is not a particularly economical way to grow food , but it 's loads of fun and has been educational and exciting for my kids , who are much more interested in fresh produce than they used to be.I 've had no trouble with either the pumps or the customer service . In fact , everyone at Aerogrow has been very kind and helpful , both over the phone and in e-mail . I hope the company continues to thrive because I just love these little gardens and hope to use them for years .
 This is one of these more useful kitchen gadgets . Every time I need fresh herbs for a recipe , I end up buying one of those expensive packs , use one or two twigs , and end up tossing the rest , and everytime it irks me . So this looks like it solves that problem , and do so without becoming this huge time sink that a full-blown herb garden would do.One can argue that for $ 149 for the unit , and $ 20 for extra seed kits , I can buy a lot of herb packs at the grocery store before breaking even . True , but it makes it less painful to use fresh herbs or garnish your dish with a single salad leaf.The one caveat I would put on it
 I agree with most of the other reviewers that this is a very fine product . It comes well-packaged and the instructions and assembly are easy to follow . The unit itself takes up very little space and gives off a lot of light for 15-17 hours . If you have a dark spot in the house you want to light up , one of these AeroGarden 's can really improve the aesthetics . However , it 's too bright to place in a bedroom in my opinion unless you good to bed late!I like the idea of growing vegetables in the house and I think they look good in a kitchen . However , when you consider the cost of the unit , replacement bulbs , seed packs and operating expenses , it is n't necessarily economical compared to say organically grown lettuce . For herbs , I think it 's great because you can freeze them and there is nothing quite like fresh herbs for cooking purposes.I bought my unit primarily for aesthetic reasons and it is quite well designed and attractive . I 'm looking forward to my first crop and my pump is quiet as could be . If the pump is noisy or becomes noisy , I highly recommend contacting customer service . My understanding is that AeroGarden service is top notch !
 This device waters your plants and turns the lights on and off based on the setting . Add the nutrient plan and you have some of the fastest growing plants out there . It comes with a seed kit , but I could n't tell which one is included . Probably Salad -LRB- the fastest growing , 3-4 weeks ! -RRB- or Gormet Herbs -LRB- the most popular -RRB- . Here are some of the specs : It takes a standard plug , instead of a 3 prong , so it can plug in anywhere instead of just the kitchen . The bowl holds 14 cups of water . That 's one pint shy of a gallon . The light goes on for 15 1/2 hours to 17 hours depending on the plant , and the water goes over the roots & sponge for the lights on time or longer for thirsty plants . You have to hand polinate -LRB- a rapid 10 second wave in each plant -RRB- the tomatoes & peppers every other day when flowering , and the Peppers & International basil require you wash out the bowls every 4 weeks , but otherwise there is very little maintenance . The light comes on when the water is low and another light comes on when the 2 weeks are up and the plants need more nutrients , but other than that you can pretty much forget it . The lights also work to help my potted plants grow when near it . The plants like human comfortable temperatures -LRB- 61-80 F -RRB- but the peppers & tomatoes will produce more fruit if safely over 70 . The nutrients are different for each plant -LRB- I have a breakdown on my dinubabear site -RRB- and come in 2 to 4 sets in a kit -LRB- Starting , sprouting , normal & fruiting -RRB- . You give 2 nutrient tablets every 2 weeks.Aerogrow guarentees their kits to sprout as described , or you can call them & they will replace their kits.New kits will be available in September , such as French , Italian & Japanese herbs .
 The AeroGarden was easy to put together , the directions were clear and so far it is performing as expected . It seems like it does grow pretty fast and you do n't have to do much but watch it grow and explain it to your friends -LRB- people are very interested in this thing -RRB- . I had to reset the light timer because at first it was on all night and off in the day , but that was easy and now it comes on in the morning and goes off around bedtime . I already have little yellow flowers on my tomatoes and I do n't think it 's been growing even a month !
 The AeroGarden is a great idea and will definitely be appreciated by gadget-lovers , home cooks , and those not blessed with a green thumb -LRB- but especially folks who are all of the above , like me :-RRB- -RRB- The system works surprisingly well and is very easy to use . The effect
 I have the herb version and have been happy with my purchase . Just a couple of issues.The mint are quite lush and if not kept in check , can over crowd the other herbs . My case is especially severe since Aerogarden duplicated the mint in place of the dill.The pump on my machine can occasionally be a little loud and rattlely . It can be quickly resolved by picking up the water bowl , giving it a gentle shake , and replacing it back on to the base.Overall , much better that a window sill herb garden in the Northeast . Herbs are clean and ready to use .
 We have had our AreoGrow Garden for just over a month and we are already eating fresh herbs . We love to cook with fresh herbs , but I have never liked going out to the garden to pick them , then having to wash any little bugs off them before cooking . We tried purchasing herbs from the grocery store , but they can be a bit expensive and need to be used on a timely basis . Then one day I saw this product advertised on TV and immediately researched it online and decided to purchase it from Amazon.At the time I purchased it I also decided to get the Italian Herbs seed kit . We decided to plant the herbs we thought we would use the most from both kits , so we ended up using a few from the kit it comes with and a few from the kit we ordered . Everything germinated early with one exception , the cilantro , to this day it still has not germinated . I did finally give up on it and bought a package of seeds from the store and pushed a few seeds into the sponge a few days ago . I will update this later and let you know if they germinated . It seems from the reviews that I am not the only one with the cilantro problem.I recommend this product to everyone I know who loves to grow herbs , but would prefer not to deal with the dirt and bugs.We received the Gourmet Herb kit with our AeroGrow Garden , it contains : Italian Basil , Cilantro , Mint , Dill , Parsley , Chives and Purple BasilWe purchased separately the Italian Herb kit , it contains : Mint , Basil , Savory , Parsley , Garlic Chives , Oregano , and ThymeUpdate
 I got this for Christmas and started it up on December 27th . Today is January 27th . The green basil and chives are probably ready to be harvested . The others are probably a couple weeks away , but all look to be doing well.It is quite an ingenious little machine . Setup was a breeze for me , and all of the parts worked as advertised . It 's pretty easy to see if it 's working correctly . If you look inside the bowl , you should be able to see water dripping down from each of the seed pods . If not , you have a problem.There are quite a few resources on the web about how to `` hack '' the Aerogarden so that you can grow your own seeds instead of their expensive little pods -LRB- be careful , however , as you might guess the type of seeds that many of the sites refer to -RRB- . That will make it a much more cost effective proposition . Someone else referenced that there will be some third-party equipment available soon to accomplish the same thing.If you can afford it and like the idea of growing your own herbs , this is a great product .
 This is a unique product that will become a conversation piece . I currently have three of them and they do take some space . It is a good idea to put them in an area where you dont mind all the light they emit . This may be helpful in an otherwise dark room . The product works as advertised . Depending on what you grow , you will get a particular yield . The lettuce and herbs grow fast and quickly . Excellent for those people in an apartment of where weather or critters can be an issue . This is a great product to educate kids . The product seems to be well constructed and alot of fun . You wont grow enough to stop shopping but you will have fun with this item . Makes a great gift .
 Me and my kids are loving the aerogarden . They 're constantly checking it for new growth and watching the roots . They 've even named the plants . What 's really nice is that they actually get excited about eating the salad with the aerogarden lettuce . It 's helping us eat a little healthier and is fun too - a great deal . Highly recommended .
 This is not necessarily a review of the Aero Garden itself -- I 'll let the other reviews do that . I will say , although I 've never had an AeroGarden kit as full as the picture -LRB- s -RRB- purport , it does most definitely give you fresh vegetables , and a copious amount.I want to highlight AeroGarden 's EXCELLENT and OUTSTANDING customer service . In an age where customer service seems to have gone out the window -LRB- and down the street , over the ocean , and on to India -RRB- , AeroGarden does good ol' fashioned `` what 's right '' . Simply stated , my Lettuce seed pack did n't sprout for about a week . I called AeroGarden , the gentleman asked me what model AeroGarden I had , and 2 minutes later , he emailed me a confirmation of a new seed kit coming my way . No charge , no stance , no platform , and no issues -- it 's exactly what you want out of a customer service representative , and a company.Get the AeroGarden because the product works ; keep using it because the company cares .
 I love this product . It 's so cool to see the herbs grow more each day , and I am really looking forward to tasting them.AeroGrow AeroGarden with Gourmet Herb Seed Kit , Black
 I bought this as a gift for my boyfriend 's 23rd birthday and he 's extremely happy with it . The herbs have begun to grow and we ca n't wait to eat them !
 I love my garden and all the seed kit delights that have been a part of my home and life for several years . The first part that give me a problem was the pump . I emailed the AeroGods ... you seem to be going away from the enginerring of my original 7pod system , should I just get a new improved 6pod system that does n't have the pump or wait for you to get the pump in . If you guys see a future of the next type of engineering , I 'm with you and will just buy a whole new system . No , buy the pump , your style will be supplied for a long time to come . That was less than 6 months ago . Now , I need new grow bulbs ... If you are reading this story , you can imagine my attitude of not being able to find replacement bulbs ANYWHERE for my model of garden . JUst tell me the truth . I love having the gardens to play with and watch , enjoy the cascading petunias or the winter colors of the marigolds and zinnias ... Be true to your art and your client . Now , once again I ask you , shall I lef my new planted Cascading Petunias get wimpier and wimpier because you are not now selling the grow bulbs for my system . or should i buy them a 6-pod system with the new style of seed pod and light system . or are you going to really have parts for us old timer aerogardeners ?? Either way , love ya . . just to thine own self -LRB- and Leshia JOhnson -RRB- be true ! Thanks ! Leshia
 Thanks so much for the good service ! It is a birthday gift -LRB- Sept. -RRB- and I look forward to giving it !
 AeroGrow AeroGarden Indoor Gardening Kit with Gourmet Herbs BlackGreat for anyone with little space .
 Total time in setting up after opening the box-10 minutes . Three weeks to first harvest of salad greens ! The light is nice during these dark months-a real touvh of summer !
 I live in rural Alaska where the days are short during winter , and the access to fresh herbs is non-existent . The full spectrum light of the lamps on my Aerogarden provide the house with a bright spot , but also help generate a wonderful batch of herbs that I can use in the kitchen . Best of both worlds . I have had it for a couple of months , and really enjoy it , and will see how long the light bulbs last before needing to be replaced . They are a bit expensive , and it will be interesting to see what the actual cost of use per year will be .
 I would have given it 5 starts but one of my seed packs was a dud . Also it would be nice if you could choose which herbs you wanted in your pack . 3 types of basil ?
 i love watching the plants sprout and grow -- it 's extremely exciting . a bit expensive , but worth it to me because I live on a military-like compound and do not have access to markets to buy herbs .
 5 weeks ago I bought the Classic 7 with the salad kit and have had good-sized salads every 4 days or so . It has been quiet , not loud at all as I have seen others describe , and I have the light timed so that it 's a great light source in the kitchen at night.A few weeks after buying the first , I got my second one and herbs are already a few inches tall and doing quite well . Again , not noisy in the least.As a clean freak , I appreciate that the Aerogarden does n't make a mess . In fact , my second one is sitting on a smallish table in the bedroom , this one with lights set to come on when we get up in the morning and turn off when we go to bed.I have discovered that salad greens do drink a lot of water so I tend to check it every few days instead of waiting for the indicator light to come on but this has n't been a problem for me.Must admit I am considering a third to grow cherry tomatoes . Great product and I 'm very pleased so far .
 My wife and I love the fresh salad greens kits , and also have had success with the salsa kits . It 's great to harvest for meals , and grows back quickly to replenish the stock . We used to spend a lot at the grocery store on herbs and greens , only to have them go bad before we could use it all . Now , we just snip what we need when preparing the meals and everything tastes great and fresh.Great product , have not had any issues -LRB- just change the lightbulb packs out every season to ensure full plants -RRB- .
 I am really happy with this AeroGarden . Plants grow fast , and are delicious . Right now I am using the Herbs kit . Thanks !
 I operate a website devoted to aeroponic gardening and have been published on yahoo content for articles on aeroponic gardening . -LSB- ... -RSB- This is a great starter kit for anyone interested in getting into aeroponic gardening.I have a few of these units and have grown some nice fresh herbs with them . Very user friendly product and delivers results.AeroGarden 2101-00B Classic Garden 7-Pod With Gourmet Herb Seed Kit - Black
 This is my 2nd AeroGarden - one for herbs and one for flowers - my third growing of herbs - very healthy and keep growing for approx . 6 to 9 months -LRB- basil for one year -RRB- highly recommended - be sure to order extra lights as I did have a problem getting replacement bulbs .
 I love my new AeroGarden ! I have been wanting to grow my own herbs at home , but I have no outdoor space . I know that herbs take a good deal of sunshine , but I do n't have any windows where they would get adequate sun ! I opted for the AeroGarden and I am glad I did ! It arrived quickly even though it was backordered when I ordered it . It was very easy to assemble , and comes with extensive instructions . Just push in the herb pods , fill with water , add nutrients , and walk away . I set it up a week ago and all of the pods have sprouted and are growing quickly ! It is very quiet -LRB- the instructions mentioned the sound of dripping , but I rarely notice it -RRB- though it is very bright when the lights are on . If I had a choice , I would n't have so many varieties of basil ... but nonetheless , I ca n't wait to be able to start harvesting and using nice fresh herbs for cooking with my family !
 Being a gardener , I go through a LOT of these hose end sprayers and have always used Gardena products . Recently , I decided to try out the easier to find products at local hardwares , Home Depots etc. . After buying 5 different products by other brands I had to go back to the gardena as this is the only one with consistently good spray patterns with no ecess drip or splatter.I 've had it a week , and I 've found that , true , if left in the sun all day -LRB- like mine -RRB- and are often dropped down two flights of stairs to bump-bump-bump down to the bottom , they will crack after a year or so . I 'd say it 's worth it .
 Squeezing the lever on garden sprayers was difficult for me with arthritis in my hands . This trigger is the easiest to use of all nozzles I have purchased . When my original Gardena front trigger nozzle failed after years of use and probably some abuse I searched local stores for a replacement to no avail . Thanks Amazon for selling this product , and to make sure I did n't go without this nozzle again , I bought this one and another one with the front trigger feature . Both are excellent !!!
 We owned our Gardena front trigger nozzle for years and it worked perfectly . It finally broke when contractors installing our flagstone patio used it and abused it every day !! . I 'm ordering a new one today.All other nozzles in Lowe 's , Home Depot , Ace , etc. are the same poor quality junk wrapped in different styles of plastic and rubber . Inside is the cheap pot-metal casting with the internal spring exposed to the water . Hopeless design , guaranteed to fail.The Gardena Front Trigger nozzles have the spring housed in an area where it can never be exposed to the water flow and will not rust and break .
 Love the flag but colors fades very quick-need to improcve color on both sides not just one sided-will order again -- love the price -- thanksFrankie Eden
 I have plenty of free kindling that falls from my trees , but transporting it to the fireplace is awkward . Here 's why this carrier works for that . Most log carriers have closed in ends . That 's great for logs if most are the same length , but does n't work for sticks that can be short or long and have forks and spindly ends trailing and sticking this way and that . Although I break up the sticks somewhat before bringing them in , sometimes final sizing -LRB- and breaking -RRB- takes place right at the fireplace . The open ends on this carrier are essential for my use.Although it 's only 15 '' wide and will carry several smallish logs , that width is ideal for kindling , some pieces of which are just that length or shorter , but sometimes their wild ends can be a lot longer . The carrier is quite deep however , again accommodating several logs , but lots of kindling . Sometimes I use smaller sticks for my kindling and compress a load of them in my JawHorse vice to create log-like bundles , which I wrap with twine . Bundled this way , even the small sticks provide good kindling , but they need a fair amount of space when transported because the sticks are seldom straight . Two or three of my generous bundles fit in this carrier fine even though there 's plenty of air between the bent sticks . If I 'm carrying a smaller load , I can fold the sturdy canvas over and carry it under my arm.Since my loads are not heavy , these rolled leather handles work nicely and are comfortable , but might not be as comfortable -LRB- or durable -RRB- if you 're carrying heavy logs.I do n't know that I 'd try to use this sort of carrier to carry large logs , but it would be fine for a small fireplace or fire pit and it 's working really well for me to carry kindling .
 Completely delighted . It 's very good workmanship and materials , it looks good and it 's inexpensive . It folds up small and I imagine it washes OK too.Custom LeatherCraft C390 Canvas Log Carrier
 This is a tough tote , can bring in logs or kindling , very heavy duty . No need for any other bag though I purchased one that looked heavy duty and ripped the first week . Being open ended is also a plus with differnt sized logs and kindling . Also , can bring up larger kindling from field to be broken down later , due to open ends . Easy on the hands , too .
 When I received this product , I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of materials . While the color was nice , it did n't stay clean very long , but does it matter ? The carrier prevents the mess of stray bark and wood chips flying everywhere . It is strong and large enough to carry several pieces of firewood . It is a good investment and I appreciate the simple convience of use and storage .
 I was pleasantly surprised by these , both in the durability/quality of construction , and in how well they work.I bought two of them , so I could carry a load in each hand , effectively doubling what I used to just carry on my arm . Plus , you get less dirty . : -RRB- Love the leather handles , and the canvas is quite strong/thick . Only thing I 'm pondering is a way to temporarily keep the handles together , so I can set it down to open the door without it flopping open .
 Was sick of buying a new carrier every year at the local hardware store because they always tear . This Canvas carrier is awesome - does the job and comfortably with the nice leather handles . A must for those living in the country and heating with a wood stove or fireplace .
 My Dad 's old carrier finally broke , so I bought him this one . It is well made and strong . I needed something well made for him , I did n't want something that would fall apart and he could trip on . This is a good product , he puts only about 3 pieces of wood in it as that 's all he can carry , but you could carry more in it . I would recommend this product . We received it very quickly also .
 Nice looking , very sturdy and well made , easy to use , easy to roll up and store . I needed something to tote firewood ... It handles pretty much all I want to carry in one load and it does it very well !
 Cheaper than the ones I was looking at in town . Nice constucton . Looks like it will stand the test of time .
 Good size and construction makes carrying logs in from wood pile much easier . Children are even apt to use when asked .
 My husband and I had a very hard tme finding a quality log carrier with an &#34; open &#34; design which was affordable . This met all of our needs !
 I 'm not sure what 's with some of the reviews that describe this as a cheaply made product . It 's decent quality real canvas with stitched and riveted leather handles . It 's nothing extravagant , but it 's a solidly made product at a good price . I can carry 6 average sized firewood logs no problems , and could probably carry 8 or more if I wanted to . It 's a log carrier , it looks decent and it carries logs . What else is there to know ?
 We love this little convenient log carrier . Easy to store , very durable material . It makes bringing firewood in from outside very easy .
 I do like this carrier , but it is small . I had hoped it would be about 6-8 '' longer than what it is . But this sure beats carrying it all in my arms . I think this is a fair piece for the price , but I would have paid a few buck more for a longer piece of canvas !
 This canvas log carrier does the job . I have used it to carry upwards to eight logs at a time . It holds them securely & feels very comfortable in the hand . It seems to be very durable . I gave it four -LRB- 4 -RRB- stars and not five -LRB- 5 -RRB- because of the color . Since the color is white it gets pretty dirty from carrying the logs . I wish they made this product in a darker color . But despite the color , I highly recommend this log carrier .
 I am over 70 years old and I wanted a strong but lightweight log carrier . This was perfect . I wish I had ordered 2 so I could interchange them with the chopped log pile and stacked log pile . Leather handle and fasteners are strong . One review said that the carrier was too short , but I find it satisfactory , the logs do stick out a bit but so what !
 These log carriers were exactly how described . They are a sturdy product and do hold a good amount of logs . We have used both of them and have been very happy with the results .
 This log carrier is sturdy and holds an armful of wood . The seller is good too .
 Very well made and sturdy . Very useful for transporting wood from the outside to inside . Durable canvas . My husband just love it and uses it everyday !
 This log carrier is helpful in the way that it takes your armload of wood out in front of you and lowers it below your center of gravity which is easier on your back and helps with your balance especially if conditions are slippery . The only downside is that when left on the floor , my cats like to pee on it : /
 Stop looking ! This is it ! This is by far the most durable Canvas Log Carrier I have ever used .
 The product is fine and it got here promptly . But I was surprised and disappointed to see the made in China label . Aside from that , it has held up very well . We have used it daily several months of the year , for almost 4 years now . Great value for the money .
 I chose this product for the quality of canvas and the robust handles . I was NOT disappointed ! The carrier arrived earlier than expected and so far has held up to many , many trips of firewood fetching without even a hint of damage or ` wear and tear . ' The canvas is thick and reminds me of old-fashion canvas camping tents and Army surplus gear . The handles are firm , made of leather , and are attached to the canvas with sturdy rivets . Absolutely nothing on this log carrier feels cheap or of poor quality . The only thing that would make this product even better is if it came with a base or frame of some sort ; however , even without it , it 's a fantastic purchase . I would recommend this product to others .
 Our only heat source is our fireplace so I carry quite a bit of wood over the cold months . Just bought this a month ago to replace my old one and it is working well . I prefer to make as few trips as possible up our front steps and this carrier is large enough to handle about as much wood as I can comfortably carry . Good product at a good price .
 Seems to be very well built . It is the perfect size for hauling a 8 hour supply of wood for my wood burning insert . I haul 20 '' logs up the steps with little effort . I am very happy with my purchase . Lets see how many years it lasts ...
 Was pleasantly surprised at the quality considering I almost bought one for $ 60.00 . Great for lugging wood from the outdoors to the fireplace.Delivery was even one day early .
 But I decided to open the package anyway . It looked way smaller in the package than it actually was . I did n't realize it was folded in such a way to reduce the apparent size . Once I opened it , I was quite relieved , it holds a LOT of wood !! Hopefully it will last a while .
 This log carrier works perfectly . Sturdy canvas and rivited suede leather handles that are holding up well . Sized right for hauling an evenings worth of firewood into the house , and fits right into our log bin without having to handle the logs a second time .
 I 've used this several times to carry hardwood logs that equal appx . 40 ~ 60 # -LRB- pounds -RRB- per load . No problems yet , and I 've hauled about 25 loads across a 75 foot expanse from the log pile to the bottom of the stairs . Then hauled the load up the 15 stairs to my upstairs LR and FP . Totally happy with this , as long as it does n't just ` blow apart ' after a few uses . I see NO REASON to think there could exist a future problem ! Stitching looks solid and it carries theloads I 've subjected it to flawlessly . I am getting another so I can haul 2 up the steps at onetime . As long as it 's THE SAME ONE I got , Buy It
 I use this to carry hay from the barn out to the feeder for my horse ... it works great on a windy day at feeding time .
 I have wanted a log carrier like this for a long time to use to store my hammock and works perfectly . I have a traditional hammock with wooden spreaders . I like to store my hammock when it is not being used , I hate leaving it up all the time because inevitably when I go to lay in it , it 's a little damp . Using a log carrier to store the hammock up off the ground is a perfect solution . Just put a screw in the wall of my shed and now the hammock is high and dry . As far as the log carrier , I will say that when it arrives it looks small , but that is because of the packaging . When I opened the package ... it looked much bigger than I pictured ; though it is the perfect size for my needs . The handles do not feel all that sturdy , but the canvas body sure does . If you are going to use this for traditional uses , keep in mind that the handles may not be able to carry a full load . Other than that , it 's a great purchase for the price .
 This item is perfect for carrying wood . It is of stout canvas , and the handles are easy on the hands and well attached . It is a good deal and a good tool .
 Has n't broken after quite a few heavy loads . Seems to be holding up fine . No problems with the quality from my standpoint
 works as expected and of nice quality well worth price others were more expensive but funtionality of this is good
 My husband says it 's excellent ! Well made , nice strong handles and very durable . It most definitely beats using a tie down strap to haul wood ! Wo n't be without one !
 This carrier is quite durable , with a reasonably high capacity . I believe it to be well worth the asking price . I was originally worried that the connection of the leather handle to the rest of the wrap may be easily broken . I learned later that each handle is held on by 6 metal bits which seem very well faceted . There is really nothing I can think to complain about in this simple and useful product .
 This is exactly what I was looking for to carry firewood for a patio fireplace . The leather handles are well attached to sturdy canvas , and it is sized to carry a generous load of wood .
 I have been using this log carrier for several weeks now and am very happy with the quality . The canvas is very sturdy and the leather handles are securely fastened to the canvas . Carrying wood from the woodpile to the house has been made so much easier and more comfortable when using this log carrier .
 Works well and holds a lot of our wood . Handle is convenient to carry logs . Material is strong enough . I like it .
 good quality holds all the wood you can carry with one arm , I do not have eight more words to say about this product
 This is a great tote for firewood . Was a little concerned about its size when I opened the box but it was folded and opened up to a nice size . I have moved 8 large pieces of wood with little effort !
 high quality canvas , well stitched and riveted leather straps . Simple and effective . I would recommend this for anyone who wants to carry more than an armload of wood .
 Custom LeatherCraft C390 Canvas Log Carrier is excellent very pleased with quality and is just the right size and hold the proper amount of wood . Thanks
 We use a wood stove -LRB- Lopi Leyden -RRB- all winter as our only heat . We use a lot of wood , and this carrier is really great . We can haul a nights worth of wood in one load , and the carrier is well made , durable , and a must for people with wood stove or a fire place that you use regularly .
 I was a bit skeptical upon ordering this log carrier , as it was `` cheap '' in price ... so I thought ` you get what you pay for . ' BUT I took the plunge and this thing is a well made , sturdy piece of canvas that has certainly given me my money 's worth . In reviews I read prior to buying , some people said it was too small . I think it 's just right for carrying an armload of wood , which is really all you need at one time anyway . I love it and am very happy with my purchase !
 This log carrier is perfect for us , we are now able to carry plenty of logs for a fire without getting all dirty and tracking dirt and wood through the house . For the price , this has been great and we will get a lot of use out of it .
 The obvious statement first
 The log carrier is just what I ordered . My son is delighted with it , once he realized it was n't a purse .
 This is a great log carrier , and the price is really good . At first , it looks too small to carry any logs but it carries lots of logs as long as you can lift them .
 This is an item I should have purchased years ago ! This particular product is very good quality heavy duty canvas with suede leather handles . The handles are riveted to the canvas body which is trimmed with heavy stitching . I was a little concerned about the size based on some of the reviews , but I found the size to be perfect . I have a standard size fireplace , so I do not have oversized firewood . This carrier is just right ! This item is manufactured in China -LRB- like everything else -RRB- ... too bad we do n't make a product of this quality at this price here in the USA !
 This is my second purchase of this item , both are very well made , and work just right for carrying my wood in from outside . Highly recommended .
 High quality and very durable fabric . It is exactly what I was looking for and I would highly recommend it .
 I love the price and the look . The quality appears to be good but we only used it for a few times so far .
 This is a quality product . It is just the right size to bring in enough wood without ` overloading ' yourself . It is wide enough . The leather handles are comfortable and long enough to carry the load easily . It also lays out well on the floor to hold all the chips without getting them on your flooring . Stitching is good . Quality of canvas is good .
 The carrier is sturdy canvas and the handles are securely attached . Well made product and just what I was looking for ; larger than I expected and really perfect for what i needed .
 Holds just the right amount of wood . Makes carrying wood easy and convenient . Exactly what i ordered . This is one happy customer .
 Item was rec 'd quickly and is just as promised . Works well and can handle a load that is perfect for what one person can carry . Happy with the product and seller and would recommend !
 I was worried that this would be too small , but when filled to the gills , it is about as much weight as I can comfortably carry from the wood shed to the stove with one hand , maybe around 25-30 lbs.I lay it out across the wood pile and load it like a jigsaw puzzle till I have a round bundle where the handles barely close . Then spill it in the woodbox from one end unrolling the pile . Works like a charm and while takes me several trips , its easier than using the wheelbarrow.Great ideal , and so cheaply simple .
 This log carrier was n't as big as I wanted , but after using this tote , I can say it works great . any bigger and I could n't carry it . Built heavy enough to probably last for years . House stays cleaner as well . I would recommend this carrier .
 We had a carrier from LLBean , and had search for another and finally found the next best thing !!! This carrier is only 1 '' smaller all the way around -LRB- we had repaired our old LLBean carrier so still had it to compare -RRB- , and made just as well . The straps are actually sewn more securely on our new one !! We ordered 2 for fear we would never find this carrier again !! Very very satisfied !!!!
 My dad is always carrying the wood into the house in his arms and getting wood chips all over the place . This is a great carrier for the wood/logs , and is made very well ! It seems like it will last for a long time and has great construction !
 I looked everywhere for a carrier that would be sturdy yet not heavy and clumsy . This fit the bill and the recipient loved it . Just the right size .
 The LeatherCraft C390 is a quality log carrier with good stitching and sturdy handles . Like some other reviewers have noted , the width of the carrier is a little small -LRB- logs may hang off sides -RRB- but the length of the canvas is good . The size for me is generally just right and I can get 5-8 logs into the carrier depending on log size -LRB- 5 large or 8 average pieces -RRB- . I did not have a problem with logs tipping or falling out . Once you have it full and pick it up , the canvas wraps tightly around the load . Thus far , the carrier has lasted one season and I would imagine that it will be around for awhile longer . The canvas has not torn at all and is holding up well . Recommended .
 Bought this to tote firewood and am quite happy with the purchase . Sturdy canvas with leather handles riveted to it . It 's well constructed and a good size to carry enough split wood for 1-2 fires -LRB- 8 pieces of wood , give or take . -RRB- Easy to shake out when you 're done . Well made and it does what it is supposed to . Ca n't ask for more .
 This item is sturdy , and does what it 's supposed to do ; it helps you lug wood . Being canvas , it probably picks up more dirt than the leather version , but you ca n't beat it for the price !
 I am a middle aged small female . I can physically carry about six split pieces of wood at a time , which fits nicely in the carrier so the handles meet . I attached photos if you want to see the size of the carrier next to my log rack . It may not be adequate for a larger or stronger person . My husband fills the carrier nearly twice the amount , and holds it wide open . I 'm very happy with how well it has held up to a month of lugging up to three loads a day . The handles are solidly attached to the canvas.I am also a seamstress and I priced out how much it would cost for me to make this carrier . The suede leather handles themselves would have cost three bucks more than the price of this whole carrier . Not to mention the rivet kit I would have to buy . So this carrier is real bargain , in my book ! Five stars !
 Almost too handsome to be used for logs ... wonderfully constructed!Fast delivery , also .
 Purchased this for my husband , after he purchased a wood `` parlor stove '' . We live on the second floor , so he needed something to bring wood upstairs that was easy to handle . He loves it ! A great product at a fantastic price .
 Sturdy , durable and a great value ! Looked at a bunch of log carriers , some as much as $ 125 ! This one is great !
 I was looking for a split wood carrier to use with our enclosed fireplace unit . This is a well made canvas carrier and has been serving its purpose quite well .
 Not using this myself , but it was a perfect gift for the owner of a vacation home in the mountains and was much appreciated !
 Does the trick bringing wood inside . Just enough room for a load that I can carry . It fits in my wood holder by the fireplace . Nice heavy canvas .
 I bought this one because of the leather straps , I had one that had the nylon stapes and they frayed and broke . This one looks really sturdy . I hope it last !
 This canvas carrier is wonderful strong and durable . Makes carring wood so much easier . Handles are leather and comfortable . Great product .
 Just saw similar item for literall 3 x the money . This is perfect size . Seems well made . Color me happy
 It 's thick , sturdy , stitched well and very easy to use . I highly recommend . Makes carrying a huge load possible . A +
 Very well made at a fair price . Finally a log carrier that is both useful and well made . I can carry a full stove full of wood with this carrier and it does not rip or distort it 's shape . It is constructed with first rate materials , and is large enough to carry enough wood to fill our Vermont Stove Works Defiant stove in two trips , and that stove holds a lot of wood . It also looks good enough that I can hang it on my log/tool holder near the stove and the wife will not tell me to go put that thing up somewhere , the leather is nicely tanned , the stitching is first rate , and the canvas is good quality too . This carrier looks nice , and works great , is solid and has comfortable grips . A good value for the this price .
 Having read the other reviews , I was ready for the size and do n't mind it at all . The width is adequate , I do n't care if wood sticks out a little on each end . It would be nice if it were longer so I could hold more logs . If you do n't want a heavy load to carry then you would n't want more anyway . I 'm satisfied with this item , it does the job well and did n't cost very much .
 I had seen these items for years but thought a frivolous purchase but OH how I could have saved my back and my lovely light colored carpet from the mess of bringing in logs from the outside ... a wonderful product ... heavy duty , strong and the leather strap handles are not only very sturdy and functional but lovely to look at ... I highly recommend this item
 This is a really tough carrier . Well made . It allows me to bring quite a few logs in at a time . Most of the mess stays in the carrier . I just empty it outside . I wish it were just a little wider to be able to fit longer logs .
 Does the job quite nicely . Should last fairly long as it seems like it 's of durable construction .
 I was tired of the mess and scratches on my arms from carrying wood and hoped something would make a differance.This product is super and should last -- very pleased with the product and the support
 I had been looking for another log carrier for 2 years since the movers lost the one I had that fit on my log stand . It works great for carring wood in from the stack .
 I purchased the canvas log carrier to transport firewood from the outside in to my home.I found the product to be study , made of durable canvas . I also found that the handle has rivets that attach it to the carrier , which I think adds to it sturdiness.It hold 7 - 8 good size logs easily.Good price for a good product .
 This carrier was on sale and a nice little carrier for the money . It wo n't hold a lot of wood , but it is made well and even looks nice .
 Log carrier is exactly as described . Strong and well constructed . Strongly recommend it .
 This was probably one of the healthiest plants I have ever received mail order . It came very quickly and was packed extremely well . This company is book marked on my computer . I would go here first if there was a plant I was looking for . I would highly recommend this company .
 This is a decent product for a propane driven fryer . Obviously this type of setup requires 100 % supervision to control temperature and keep the oil from burning.The heat up and recovery time are good when using both sides and great when using just one . The fast recovery time makes a big difference in crispiness.The baskets are designed to be able to rest on the sides of the pans , but in practice it is too cumbersome and dangerous . The thermometers that come with it are small in length and for them to touch the oil you need to have an excessive amount and risk more splash outs . I use other long thermometers but wish I had one that was just the right size.My first unit arrived with a bad regulator that leaked and actually caught on fire . King Kooker replaced it right away , but poor quality control on a fryer is very hazardous.I like this fryer , but if you are n't a seasoned fryer and are n't able to stay with it 100 % of the time , you should move on .
 found one of the fryer pans dented probably due to shipping , large hole in the box . holes drilled to put upper and lower sections together were to small for bolts provided had to re-drill holes . two bolts were missing for tank guard , had to go to hardware store and purchase two new bolts and nuts . found assembly very frustrating do to lack of quality control . other than that truly like the fryer overall . a set of hooks mounted on frame for utensils would have been nice .
 This is a great product ; keep the temperature somewhere around 325deg F and you can fry fish , fries just about anything perfectly . The needle valves control the flame with no problem allowing you to regulate the oil temperature pretty close . The aluminum pans allow the oil to heat fast . The baskets work great ; we cooked fish and chicken -LRB- different meals -RRB- in the large basket , fries and hushpuppies in the two small baskets . Everything came out hot and at the same time making for a wonderful meal . We had several compliments about how well the cooker worked from our guests . Assembly was fairly easy requiring few tools . I only wish I had bought an extra.King Kooker KKDFF30T 30-Inch Dual-Burner Outdoor Propane Frying Cart
 This product was purchased for our concession business to cook fries . It works very well . We purchased other fryers as well at the same time but my wife whom works the fryers likes this one much better.The only suggestion would be a way to better control the temps on the oil . The knob is a bit small and you have to bend down by the hot oil to adjust . Which is not the most comfortable or safe usage.I would recommend .
 I purchased two carts for a fish fry event . We were able to easily keep up with the demand of over 100 diners hungry for our fish.I intend to purchase two more from Amazon before our next fry/steam/boil event in February.Thank you King Kooker and Amazon !
 This was a gift for my mother-in law for bday/mother 's day . She cried when she got it-she was so happy . We have alot of family get togethers and this will make our fish frys so much easier and faster .
 Very easy to lift the rubber ring and detach the male coupling on the hose . No leaking . Well made . Great product .
 This is the kind of product that makes me wonder why I had never used it before . It makes connecting to a hose so simple and quick . Very convenient . Male and female connection .
 These a real brass fittings , unlike the cheap fake looking brass one can pick up at Walmart . They are worth the price . Good quality .
 I have one of these on each spray nozzle that I own so it is easy to change nozzles in a few seconds by popping one off and another on . If a rubber washer is used , there is no leaking from this connector . It is extremely easy to use . I also recommend a piece of teflon tape around the threaded areas to prevent a corrosion / chemical reaction and fusion when the different metals touch water and each other.There are two kinds of these connectors by Gilmour . The real brass connectors are excellent and get a 5 star . The `` metal '' connectors are horrible and get a 1 star . I did get some from Lowes , and there seems to be a problem with corrosion since they are `` metal '' -LRB- aluminum -RRB- and not brass . The problem here is over a small amount of time -LRB- months -RRB- , water hardness deposits and corrosion prevent the connector from locking into place with the female . The smoothness of operation that it started out with , becomes rough , and a struggle over time . STAY AWAY FROM THE `` METAL '' ONES AND ONLY GO WITH THE TRUE BRASS ONES !!! I found an interchangeable solid brass connector like this at Ace HardwareACE BRASS QUICK CONNECTOR SET , also made by Gilmour that even has an automatic shutoff built in ! I also give that one a 5 star rating because you do not even have to shut off the hose to change between nozzles . You can use regular Gilmour males with Ace Hardware females interchangeably . If you are going to fill buckets , I recommend this regular Gilmour brass connector , as opposed to that one , since that has the automatic shutoff feature which wo n't let you fill the bucket without a spray nozzle .
 The Gilmour 9QC Brass Hose Quick Connector Set works great . I have several sets of them , and they all perform flawlessly . They are quick and easy to install , and not one of them leaks , even though I hand tighten them only . They make it very quick and simple to connect/disconnect a garden hose or other attachments . The Gilmour 9QC Brass Hose Quick Connector Set is one of the most useful garden hose accessories I have fond so far.To make the disconnect easier , always relieve the water pressure first . After turning the hose off , I give the nozzle lever a squeeze . No water has ever come out of the nozzle , but it does make it easier to pull back on the release ring.Gilmour 9QC Brass Hose Quick Connector Set
 i was skeptical about these , but i tried them anyway . glad i did.i was worried that they may affect the water pressure somehow , and my worries were unfounded . these things are great . i 'm using them for everything.the only problem is that you will realize how many of them you actually need , and you 'll buy a lot of them.FYI , i was able to pick up the male + female connector set at lowe 's for around $ 6 -LRB- HD does n't carry this brand -RRB- . you may want to check there first before ordering here . but as far as the product itself goes , it 's top notch .
 very good product . Best I have found for quick disconnect . Engineering and manufacturing donenicely .
 I have about 5 sets of these for each hose at my house as well as my Gilmour foam gun , AR pressure washer , CR Spotless , and a couple of hose nozzles . The brass is strong , the mechanics are crisp , and the rubber gives excellent impact protection . The only thing you will be replacing from this equation is the o-rings every year or so , depending on use . This set will make your life a whole lot easier , and no more struggling in trying to loosen or tighten the hose from the house .
 It never occurred to me that something so simple would make such a big difference in the ease of lawn maintenance . Breaking down my sprinklers used to be my favorite excuse to not mow the lawn or wash the car , but these make it so much easier . I got one for every fitting I use ; sprinklers , spray nozzles , water toys , soaker hoses , there 's nothing these do n't make much easier to relocate and manage.No leaks , real brass , easy to use = No complaints .
 Much better quality than `` box store '' items . We have a number of different brands and this is absolutely the best . Even the washer and the rubber grips are of a better quality . Good price . Excellent quality . Fast shipping . As advertised . Worked as expected . Also , this style has no automatic shutoff valve which we prefer and makes it easier to drain hoses .
 I had the Plastic connectors but they do n't last that is why i changed to these . Lowe 's and Home Depot only had the ones with the built in shut off and i wanted one that did n't . This was the only place that had them , price was good and they work great . Do n't waste your time with the plastic one , just pay the little extra and buy these because they will last .
 Product works fine but be careful if you buy it from Lowe 's ; they recently changed from brass to `` Metal . '' The weight is 20 % less and I did not buy them . Pay the shipping and get the brass . Got 12 sets from Geroy and the price was only $ 88.16 , including shipping . Well worth it .
 I 'll keep it short and sweet as it 's a quick-connector set.If you 're not familiar with Gilmour , they make high-end , professional , industrial type fittings , hoses , farming and garden equipment . These quick connector adaptors are no exception . They are heavy duty , crush resistant -LRB- proof ? -RRB- , and have rubberized surfaces to assist in tightening the connection . High quality o-rings and solid brass ball-bearings provide for a leak-free quick-connection . Save yourself the shipping -LRB- or price `` surcharge '' by Amazon -RRB- and pick this one up at Lowes locally for under $ 6 . Beware , these are BRASS fittings , so there is always a lead hazard associated with them . Please , DO NOT DRINK from your garden hose !
 Excellent quality connector set ! Aside from being all brass and made to last , these Gilmour connectors ended up my choice because of the black rubber around the exterior . Although they are described to help with gripping -LRB- they do -RRB- , I like them because they also protect the connector when you reel your hose in as well as protect the floor . I have a hose outlet located in the interior of my garage , where I also have the rapid reel set up . The floor is epoxy coated so I do not worry about the brass connectors scratching and or chipping the paint when I reel my hose back in .
 This Gilmour brass quick connector is made in China . As with other Gilmour products it has a warning that it contains a chemical known by the state of California to cause cancer . That is nothing new about China using dangerous chemicals . On the good news side the parts of the connector that are handled have a rubber cover which hopefully is safe.I have been using the plastic quick connectors and they have worked well but I just wanted to see how a brass one would perform . The main difference that I have noticed is that the plastic ones are easier to connect and disconnect . However , both types provide satisfactory performance and do not leak . The main difference is that the plastic Gardena connectors that I have been using cost about half the amount of the brass Gilmour . The Gardena connectors are made in Germany .
 Absolutely necessary in the winter when you need to use hoses daily and drain them daily to prevent freezing . Saves a lot of time .
 great product . make sure you buy enough male adapters for your other nozzles , sprayers , etc. to save on shipping costs .
 I have so many hoses and sprinkling devices that I could not possibly be without these . The brass ones have lasted a very long time and are my preferred choice . Now that Gilmour has added a rubber piece around them , they are even better.MBC
 I purchased one of these for each of our hose hook-ups at the suggestion of my `` handy-man '' dad . He was impressed with the quality , ease of installation , and ease of use . So was I !! These are so user-friendly , and will help my professional grade hoses as the weather starts to fluctuate below freezing at times . -LRB- I bought some for my dad too !! -RRB-
 Chunk those cheap plastic connectors and save tempers . I could have used several sets of these years ago ; however , today one is sufficient for present needs . I use teflon tape to assure 100 % drip-less action and now can disconnect our hose with ease and speed . Gilmour makes life so much simpler when all parts work well and last far longer than the plastic ones . Additionally , this connector set is a no issue set . Put it on the bib and forget about it . When winter comes it will stay in place and be ready for use in the spring . I highly recommend and will buy another as soon as I get a new connector elsewhere .
 I am using this connector to connect a 6 foot hose that runs from the outside spigot to the edge of a flower bed to the connecting hose on my portable hose reel . My goal was to be able to keep my reel in the garage and just carry it out and easily connect it to the water source when needed . I 've had it for a little over a month and have used it just about every other day since we are in a drought . It has performed perfectly and continues to do so . There is no wear and tear at this point and it connects and disconnects easily .
 Ordered 5 , billed for 5 , but only received 4 in the package ; Otherwise , Package arrived promptly though . Also , only 2 of the items were attached to the cardboard packaging while the other 2 were just loose in the box . There were 5 cardboard package cards in the box but only 4 complete sets of the item ordered . A little quality control issue it appears .
 Gilmour comes through again . These are the best hose connectors I have ever used and I have used quite a few . While the initial price seems spendy , it will be a long time before they need replacement . And , the black collar is a most helpful bonus . Gilmour replaced a hose for me recently -LRB- leaked at fitting -RRB- with no problems at all . I 'm a fan of their reliable products .
 This is a car enthusiast dream come true . When it comes to cleaning my truck I have different attachments that I use during the wash -LRB- foam blaster , extension washer , and a spray nozzle -RRB- . having this product with the addition of a shutoff valve made by the same company makes it so easy to go from one attachment to the other . Oh and did I mention there are no leaks ! Great product , must have , and highly recommended .
 I have found these connectors to be a very good product that works very well . It comes in two parts - the female connector , which is screwed to the male end of the hose , and the male connector , which is screwed to a nozzle or sprinkler -LRB- or other hose accessory -RRB- . They snap together easily and work just fine.Be aware though that they are designed to be hand tightened ONLY . In fact , they feature round rubber grips at the ends that can only be tightened by hand . The grips are not very secure to grip and slip if you try to tighten them well . If you tighten them with pliers they WILL leak . Nevertheless , in practice , I found that if they are hand tightened they work just fine.I especially like the female connector because when screwed on to the male hose end it protects the male threads that would otherwise be exposed . If and when I ever drop that end of the hose there is no possibility of the male end of the hose being damaged because the female connector covers the male threads.Also , the rubber grips help to protect any object or surface it might accidently come into contact with -LRB- e.g. , the body of a car -RRB- . I also like the fact that they do NOT have an auto shut off feature . Some others on the market , such as the Orbits I found at Home Depot , have this feature incorporated into the female connectors . I did not want the auto shut off feature because I prefer to keep everything fully open when I am finished to completely drain off any water that is present anywhere.My only substantive criticism of this set is that they work best at the hose/nozzle end and not at the spigot/hose cock end . Why ? Because if you use them at the hose cock end then the male connector would have to be screwed into the hose end . The problem , as I see it , is that when the hose is disconnected a bare metal male connector is exposed and this could scratch or bang against other objects and surfaces if you ever let go of the end of the hose , such as when you are coiling the hose up . However all the brass hose connector sets on the market seem to have this characteristic.My solution was to buy a separate Gilmour plastic connector set that works the other way around - male screwed to the spigot and female to the hose end - to avoid the possibility of the exposed male end being damaged.The bottom line is that I have had no problems with the brass Gilmour hose connector set whatsoever and I highly recommend them -LRB- with the caveats mentioned above -RRB- . P.S. I have bought additional single male connectors -LRB- # 09QCMGF -RRB- , which are sold separately , to screw into various hose nozzles . Curiously the male connectors sold separately are slightly darker and much heavier then the male connector that comes with the set . Perhaps they are solid brass and the lighter one that comes with the set is brass plated only . Either one works just fine though .
 I have tried just about ever quick connect on the market . Up until now I have hated them all . They have all been just junk , leaky , hard to use , flimsy . Once I hooked these up there are no leaks . They feel very sturdy and I believe they will last a long time . I just started using them about a week ago so I can tell you how they will be as time goes on . They seem super strong so I am encouraged that they will last a long time . I do not think I will ever purchase a different type .
 I bought two sets -LRB- and one additional attachment adaptor - `` male '' -RRB- for my mom 's 70th birthday . Twisting and tightening hose attachments was becoming too hard on her hands and made her frustrated . This product has made switching between hose attachments do-able , again . After testing the connector sets at my own home , I bought two more sets and three additional attachment adaptors for myself . I figured why add wear and tear on my hands .
 Gilmour makes the best quick disconnect product on the market . I have used several other brands , but none match Gilmour . The rubber grips are a plus . Amazon has an excellent price . My local hardware store price is twice as much as Amazon . I would recommend Gilmour over any other brand .
 I 'm not a fan of plastic parts , especially for a valves and connectors . I 'm very happy finding a model made from brass . The rubber that is on this model gives you a little extra grip to make the connection , and also protects the brass from banging on hard ground . Easy to use , no leaks . Very happy with it .
 WHAT CAN I SAY , I INSTALLED THEM AND THEY WORKED GREAT . MUCH BETTER THAN TAKING THEM ON AND OFF THE HOSE EVERY TIME . THANKS
 Got tired of taking / unscrewing and screwing hoses on our outlets . I 'd messed up a couple of hose ends because the threads got crossed , so decided to try the quick-connects . These save me a ton of time when I need to move a hose or change where I need water , and I 've not had to replace one hose end since I started using them . My only complaint is that I 've had a couple that do n't form a tight seal and I get a few drips of water when I turn the hydrant on , but it 's not enough to cause a problem . Also , you 've got to be sure you get the connection tight and locked or you 'll get a bath , but in 100 + degree weather , that 's not such a bad thing .
 The product feels really solid . I hooked it up and there are no leaks at all . It is so easy to remove the hose nozzle now without disrupting the rubber washer .
 Solid connections , do not leak and should last a lifetime . I have several of these in use throughout my property .
 I purchased my first pair of Felco-8 pruners as a result of a recommendation from a master gardener who owned a pair of Felcos for 25 years . They were shipped immediately and now I enjoy pruning my 16 rose bushes because of the ease of using these high quality pruners . I like the fact that you can deadhead a very thin branch just as easy as one of the larger ones . Certainly worth the extra money .
 After wearing out a competing pruner from a local garden center in only five hours of pruning grape vines -LRB- the second year this has happened with two different brands -RRB- , I was ready to spring for something better . The F-8 's handle design feels comfortable for hours of work and allows me to switch hands as needed . Unlike my old pruners , the latching mechanism does n't accidentally close with every squeeze , and the blade comes honed and ready to use . I 'm hopeful this pruner will be around for years to come .
 felco pruners have stood the test of time , they are dependable , resilient , repairable , and trustworthy .
 I used these last weekend to prune some neglected shrubs , they did great . I like how it fits my hand also . I 've went threw more than a few pruners in my busy garden life , and so far I do n't think I 'll stray from these in the future . If your going to get a pair of pruners , get these .
 I have purchased many brands of pruning shears and this brand is by far the best . I have had to work to find the unlock/lock lever on them , as it is on the opposite side of the brand I had previously . I love this pruner and it is comfortable . No hand-fatigue .
 Always have loved Felco products . This pair of pruners does not disappoint . Comfortable to work with and solid , sturdy construction .
 My brother works for a Christms Tree farm & has used Felco hand pruners for years . Last August he lost everything -- including his tools in a fire . He could not find a place locally that carried Felco tools . I told him I would look for it on Amazon & sure enough I found it ! It arrived just in time for his busy season . He has n't stopped thanking me ! He said he could not imagine getting through the season without them .
 well , they should last forever and our first pair would have if I had n't accidentally left them in the lawn in the path of an oncoming mower . So this is our second pair . Hopefully these will make the forever mark.Easy to maintain , great grip and size .
 Felco pruner is great however , the packaging was ripped open and the return shipping address had been removed . Since the UPS packaging was in tact , I can only assume that this occurred at the warehouse . It look like it was a returned item that was unloaded on me .
 Felco has a justifiable reputation for making outstanding pruners . Their entire line is worthy of consideration -LRB- lefty 's rejoice , they make pruners designed for you ! -RRB- . The F-8 is their ergonomic redesign of their original F-2 -LRB- and the same pruner as the F-7 , which has a rotating handle -RRB- . The curves in the handle make this pruner significantly easier to work -- particularly if you have 50 roses to prune ! Felco 's blade is sharp and its cuts are precise and clean . Felco tools are made to last and it is easy to replace all the parts that wear on this tool . At the time of this review , Amazon 's price was the best -LRB- by far -RRB- that I found online.This is a tool , however , that you may benefit from handling in one of your local stores . A good garden store should carry the entire Felco line and you may find that another model better fits your hand -LRB- or budget , Felco does offer a discount model , the 400 -RRB- .5 stars for value , quality , durability , and performance .
 Once upon a time I had a classic # 2 Felco that I scored for free due to it needing a new blade and spring . Less than $ 15 gave me the industry standard for high quality pruners . That pair mysteriously disappeared about 4 years ago . They were terrific ! Since then I 've accumulated a few more pruners from Corona , Fiskars , and A.M. Leonard . The A.M. Leonard ones are similar to the # 2 Felcos but made in Italy . Recently I was given a `` bonus '' from my boss to buy a set of Felco pruners , so I picked up a # 8 and it is great ! I do a lot of pruning on the job , and the ergonomic shape blows the AM Leo and # 2 Felcos out of the water . Much more comfortable to hold and use - more or less like an extension of your arm , or that your hand was meant to hold them . Felco fit and finish is impeccable , and the best part is that parts are readily available for this potentially lifelong tool , more so than any other brand out there of which I am aware . The steel is also excellent on the blades . Take proper care of this tool and it will last and last .
 Falco 's F-8 was all I expected it to be and more . After going through a number of box store pruners I finally relented and bought this one . The price is steep but it 's worth every penny.The ergonomic design and high quality steel makes this a lifetime tool . Also one can disassemble the blades for sharpening and cleaning . There is one design flaw . The lever that is supposed to hold the pruner in the closed position often slips unless it is closed just right . But this is a minor flaw .
 I bought my # 8 pruner over 25 years ago when I began a commercial nursery . I 've had them ever since and use them every day . I 've replaced the spring twice and the blade once . I worked mostly with bamboo for 15 or so years and all I had to do with these is sharpen them with a file every month or so . Bamboo is notorious for dulling blades since the culms have such a high mineral content.I 'd give this 5 stars except I agree with others that the lock could be just a tad better . I tend to brush it with the inner side of my thumb joint which will lock the shears when you do n't intend to do so.If you go to a commercial nursery or a serious plant place like an arboretum , you 'll be hard pressed to find anything but Felco pruners .
 I 've had several hand pruners over the years , but not one can even come close to the Felco 8 . Fits my hand perfectly and I can prune all day without a cramping hand .
 The only thing I can say that is n't perfect about this product is that the locking device could be redesigned to be more user friendly . I lost my first pair , great house warming present , I probably tossed them in the trash with my clippings . After buying three different pairs from Home depot I finally broke down and purchased these replacements -LRB- at only $ 15.00 more than the cheap ones -RRB- , they are awesome and make yard trimming easy !
 Have used these for three months now . Used them on Maple , Apple , Juniper and Cedar trees as well as various bushes at my home . I 'm not meticulous about cleaning them after use and I have no rust or corrosion and I live in the wet and rainy Pacific Northwest . I think maybe I 've sprayed them twice with Dupont Teflon Multi-Lube . They seem as sharp as the day I bought them . They are easier to use than my ratchet-type pruner or my anvil-type pruner . Amazon says these will handle 1 '' branches and I 'd have to say that 's pretty accurate . I 've successfully tackled some bigger stuff but probably should have used my loppers on those.Edit -LRB- two years later -RRB- -- I 've used these for three seasons now . I 've never sharpened them . After the first season , I never lubed them again . I do n't even clean them anymore . I just do the pruning that I 'm gon na do , then toss them back in the box where I keep my small gardening tools . These things rock ! As far as I can tell , they work as good today as the day I bought them . They 're not as pretty as they were on Day 1 , but who cares ? All my other small pruning shears have now found their way into the trash bin .
 I have used the Felco # 2 pruner for many years with total satisfaction . I wanted to try the new ergonomic #F 8 . I like it very well . The speedy service getting it to me was outstanding . Thanks .
 I 'm an avid gardener and have purchased dozens of pruners -LRB- many twice the cost of the Felco -RRB- over the years . Never have I had the pleasure of pruning all day and having a rested , uncramped hand that night . Purchase the one that fits you best -- # 12 for small hands , # 9 for lefties or # 8 for right-handed average to large hands . You 'll never purchase another pruner again . Makes a great house warming or hostess gift .
 Several years ago I bought a Felco No. 6 pruner for my wife . I decided I needed a slightly bigger pruner from myself so I recently bought the Felco No. 10 . It is a good tool and very well made but I was a little disappointed that it was n't as easy to use as the No. 6 . The blade is bigger so it can cut a bigger branch -LRB- up to 1 '' -RRB- but it also takes more hand strength , even on the smaller branches , than does the No. 6 . The result is that if I 'm doing extensive trimming my hand gets tired more quickly and I ca n't get as much trimming done . If I were going to do it again , I 'd buy the smaller -LRB- No. 6 -RRB- pruner .
 The FelcoF-8 is handy easy to use and comfortable . It works on plants , bushes , and almost everything does a great job . You will not be disappointed if you use it .
 Why did I keep buying all those crappy pruners , all these years . Be careful not to cut your finger off !
 I 've been an avid rosarian for years . Felco is the industry standard , do n't listen to the envious . They 're so good that I only had to buy another because I lost my old pair in a move . Love the ergonomic design -LRB- altho the standard ones were fine -RRB- . You do have to do a little minimal upkeep to ward off rust , dry after using with an occasional dab of oil as needed . But if you do that , they 'll last forever .
 I 've been doing volunteer work at a local botanical garden for the past five years . First week there I could see that all the gardeners used Felcos , so I bought a pair of the # 8s . Extremely comfortable in the hand , and anyone who 's used a drop-point pocketknife will tell you that a drop-point pruner will be much easier on your wrist.Combine comfort with SHARP and you have the gold standard of pruners . I sharpen mine every week , which takes , like , almost a whole minute . I could probably shave with them . I strip them down every winter , clean and re-grease everything . The blades have darkened over time , and the plastic covering the handles shows a little wear . Otherwise they work like they did the first time I used them . I 'll probably be able to leave these to my grandchildren -LRB- and my son is n't even married yet -RRB- . My wife goes to the garden store every year and replaces her $ 15 pruners with a new pair . You do the math ...
 Pruners come and go , and many have immitated the Felco No. 8 , but to my knowledge none has yet to take the place of this classic tool . From the ergonomic , lightweight design to the quality , replaceable parts , no other bypass or anvil pruner can compare to Felco . The only way you will ever need to replace this tool is if it is stolen or lost , and even then the bright orange handles -LRB- far more durable than the competing Coronas -RRB- help prevent loss . You can easily pay less but no pruner can replace or outperform Felco No. 8 .
 I bought these a lot at my work and are best by far the best pruner you can buy . I lost my previous pair at work and it sucked without them and needed a replacement fast . These are sharp ! and cut through branches that most loppers would have problems with . Nobody matches the quality and are well worth the price I had mine for almost three years and they are just as sharp & effective as the day they arrived .
 The product is amazing . My garden trimming is much easier , like cutting butter with a hot knife . Quick , efficient delivery with lowest price from Amazon , as usual .
 I have had a Felco # 2 and a Felco # 8 for 20 years . I use them weekly . Still going strong . This one is for my daughter .
 Excellent ! I had tried my neighbor 's and could n'twait to own a pair . They are perfect for my needsand I am sorry I wasted so much money buying standardpruners from hardware stores for the past fifteenyears . I expect these to last a long time . I cleanthem after each use and put them in the plastic formthey came in .
 This is my first Felco and happily the best pruner I 've ever purchased ... a pleasure to use daily and worth the money . Felco lives up to its good reputation ... my only quibble would be to have the locking mechanism easier to use . Lee Edwards , NC
 I have purchased many pruners over the years and was hesitant to spend a little more than i am used to paying as i have always purchased from the big box hardware stores and local garden shops and went for the pruners on sale.These pruners are worth every penny.When i decided to take the leap and spend the money for Felco i researched and found that Amazon had the best price even with the shipping charge.The Post Office delivered fast and professional.I am impressed with the quality and durability of these pruners.I just wished i would have bought them sooner .
 I have owned these pruners for 10 years . They perform beautifully . Occasional oiling and sharpening have been all that 's required to keep it in perfect order . These make the perfect housewarming presents .
 We found the Felco # 8 pruner terrific . It was all and more we had heard.Also , service by Amazon was excellent and we will continue to buy this way .
 I 've had these pruning shears for over a year and use them extensively . The blade retains a very sharp edge . I also purchased the Felco sharpening stone which I use to touch up the blade after use . The blades are easily adjusted to retain a precise cut.I have had numerous shears in the past and the quality of the Felco brand is head and shoulders above all the others .
 Having always used bargain pruners in the past , I have always been disappointed in their quality and reliability.When Cisco Morris mentioned the Felco F-8 as has favorite pruner , I knew that I had to have one , even though the price was a bit higher than my former purchases . A great choice ! Oh , la , la!The MOST important aspect of the F-8 is that my wife really likes how it handles and how it fits her hand ; HOORAY !
 Definitely the best pruners I have ever owned . Felco manufactures excellent products . I bought a pair of loppers also .
 This Felco F-8 is an excellent bypass pruner . It is a little heavy and a holster -LRB- Felco F-912 Leather Scabbard Holster with Belt Clip -RRB- is a good accessory.However , the F-8 seems best for larger hands . I have short hands/fingers , and so I also tried a Felco F-6 -LRB- Felco F-6 Classic Pruner For Smaller Hands -RRB- , which is the same pruner made for smaller hands . Frankly , the F-6 was not much of an improvement for me , so I stuck with the F-8 . The F-6 has a significantly smaller cutting capacity compared to the F-8 , although the difference might not matter for ordinary flower gardening.F-6 specs
 This is the second pair of Felco 8 's , I 've had and love them . I 've learned an important lesson , never lend them out , without knowing where the lend-ee lives , so you may hunt the scoundrel down if they do n't return . I bought the 8 because of the supposedly better ergonomic design , but must admit , I do n't notice a big difference from when I use the 2 's out at the farm . They both cut with precision and ease and both are easy to handle and I have small hands ... with short porky fingers . I 've had cheap pruners that I 've struggled to hold onto due to how wide the handles open , but not these .
 After years of admiring these pruners , I finally received a pair for my milestone birthday . I adore these pruners as the workhorse in my gardens , which is everything from pruning perennials , deadheading , removing limbs , trimming shrubs , maintaining fruit trees , etc. . . Originally , I wanted the No. 2 Felcos , but after trying several in the local garden store , I felt as though the No. 8 was my best choice for comfort , grip strength , and reduced strain on my wrist and hand . I am thrilled at the quality , durability , and function of these pruners . My old Fiskars will always have a special place in my heart , but my new Felcos will be right there with me as my gardens , and myself , evolve .
 I mean , i have tried many fake aligator mouths , and this is really the best . really.if you need a fake aligator mouth , this is the one for you . it rocks !
 I admit I was a bit skeptical , but this is working out great . It looks so real and since we placed it in the pond our last 5 koi fish remain . Prior to the alligator purchase , we had 12 koi fish and something ate them .
 I was a little apprehensive that this would work , but it does . We have n't seen any more `` stolen '' koi fish .
 Same as the Hippo , they look pretty life like , and they will fit in fine in the jungle pond .
 This thing is solid . It has the same brains as Melnor 's like it , but I 've gone through 2 of those in 1 year . The Gardena promises to be a long-term fix , for just 30 % more in cost . However , the features are limited - that is , I want to water 3 times a day -LRB- morning , noon , and early evening -RRB- . This only divides the # cycles into the 24 hour period equally , so 3 times a day means one cycle happens in the middle of the night . That only fosters fungal growth.Watering at 6AM and 6PM twice as long seems to work out okay .
 Product works great . The Melnor products I had before did not last . This product works on the old batteries from the Melnor . Another great feature is you can remove the programmer from the rest of the device without disconnecting anything for hard to reach areas .
 This product has been functioning well for the most part . There is a slight leak from the hose connection . The seal just is n't tight enough . The directions were a little confusing at first , but once you get the hang of setting the timer this is a great timesaving product . I 've had it watering twice a day for 3 weeks and it 's literally `` set it and forget it '' . This will help keep my lawn green through the hot Texas summer .
 I have a number of Gardena products and while they are more expensive than most brands they are also more reliable and are cost effective .
 This water timer works great . It is very easy to set the program and you wont even need the instruction manual after you set it the first time . I have it running 2-3 times a day and it is holding up perfectly , does n't leak and runs like clockwork .
 Was almost exactly what I wanted and it works well . I just wish it felt like something more durable when you handle it and hook it up .
 This timer was purchased for use in a small greenhouse and it has performed well for the one season we have owned it . We also have 14 zones of in ground systems , but we wanted separate timer to run the greenhouse drip system . The Gardena met our objectives well . The programming was easy and the unit appears to be durable and reliable . That is all we wanted and we got it .
 I 've had this timer about 2 months now , and it seems to be perfectly reliable so far . The problem I 've had with other brands of water timers is that they do n't last more than one season . If this one does , it 'll definitely earn the five-star rating.Edit , 6/17/2010
 This timer wss easy to set and install . Testing showed that it worked . One issue I have is in the start date . I set it for 6 pm , for two days , and entered this information at noon . 6 pm came along and no water . I believe it will start in two days and operate every two days thereafter . However , it would have been nice if the instructions were more clear in this regard .
 We bought this timer for our garden while we were on vacation . It worked perfectly . We had someone to check on the garden occasionally , and they never had to worry about the watering - it was done properly . It has continued to operate perfectly since then . You can not set it to the minute , but if you are willing to adjust to that , it is great . No problem for us . We ordered another one for another area of our yard , because we liked this so well !
 I 've had this unit now for about a week , its up and running , and everything seems fine . Other reviewers have said that to program this unit you really need to keep the instruction manual handy , and I agree with this . Had the folks at Gardena used a different color scale for each of the four timing stages , instead of a black/grey scale for all four timing sequences programing would have been a snap . For example why not use a red scale was for the time of day , a blue for duration of the on cycle , etc. , then no reference to the manual would have been necessary.Other than the initial programming issue , this seems to be a well built unit which I look forward to using .
 Best water timer I 've ever seen . Well designed , energy efficient and simple to set up .
 I 've had this item for several days . So far it seems to work as stated . Fiancee programmed it pretty easily . We set it to 30 minutes of watering , and even when you just switch it to `` on '' it seems it will water for only 30 minutes before it shuts off , which is good because we 're forgetful people , just not what we expected . Hooks up easily to the outdoor faucet and does n't leak , which is impressive as when the valve is left open with only a hose attached it definitely leaks .
 I 've been a fan of Gardena timers for many years but they 've made the interface on this one much friendlier . It 's very easy to reset and much more intuitive than their former models . I use them at our home to control the watering for all of our containers , as well as at client 's homes for the same purpose .
 I have a D ____ t S ____ g whole house humidifier that needs the standing water bath drained regularly to reduce mineral buildup and maintain water quality . You can buy a D ____ t S ____ gs AutoFlush for $ 99 or the Gardena 3-cycle electronic water timer for $ 50 . So far it works fine.CAUTION
 We only get about nine inches of rain a year - but lots of direct sun that disintegrates most timers - except for Gardena . One by one I have replaced the other timers with this model and for probably the first time - all the drip and irrigation systems are working -LRB- I even have one attached to the bird bath/fountain so it is always full -RRB- .
 Over the years I had 3 other kind , they were dropping like flies.This one is working dutifully.Don ' t waste your money on those cheap ones , get this one.Simply works day after day and this is what you want. : - -RRB-
 Gardena makes the only water timers that you should buy period ! I have several different types both electric and manual . Do n't buy anything else !
 This device has been a boon to date in my windy , variable , Texas climate.Construction seems solid . Way better than timers in the standard big box retailers.Price is fair.Not made in the PRC ! Can you believe it !
 I purchased this Gardena product knowing full well the great quality anddetail put into their items . -LRB- Over the past 15 years I have purchasednumerous hose connectors and 5 different sprinklers -- all still working well ! -RRB- I had never owned a hose timer , but my ten days away from homein mid July heat forced me to try something to preserve flowers andlawn . I put it through a ` test ' run prior to leaving , and I knew therewould be no problem . The well written instructions made it simple toformat and its ` internal clock ' is amazingly accurate ! It is invaluablenow -- allows me to do early morning watering before the sun comes up!I highly recommend this timer and will probably purchase a second one soon .
 This is a very useful object , but it you lose the manual you are doomed . no reason in the world that it could n't be designed with three knobs and have the exact same functionality with no confusing programming to go through .
 This Timer works very well when one is irrigating plants , bushes or trees using either a soaker hose , drip irrigator or sprinkler . I have used a Gardena Water Timer for over 20 years and they just keep working .
 Between the heat in Houston and the urine from my two dogs , my grass has always been an atrocity . I have known that water was the answer , but rarely got in a routine of sprinkling the grass regularly . The only alternative I knew of was a sprinkler system , but I have n't felt the need to invest . I live in a townhome and have a pretty small yard.The other day my wife 's aunt turned me on to a low cost solution - the Gardena 3-Cycle Electronic Water Timer . All you do is connect it to your faucet on one end and a hose on the bottom . This thing is real easy to schedule.I ended up buying a two channel water distributor and connected it to the bottom of the timer , which let me hook up two hoses that come on during the scheduled time so I could water my whole lawn.I have the `` system '' set for 25 minutes in the morning and afternoon . After two weeks , the grass looks better than it ever has before .
 This watering wand has the best `` water breaker '' I have ever used . There are two water breakers , one is the conventional wide spray that is very good , but everyone does that one well . The other one is a `` tube '' of aerated water that is about an inch thick and can be aimed . The flow of the aerated water is so gentle that it does not disturb the soil in the pot . This `` tube '' of water is great for watering pots that are above your head . You can aim and arc the water into the pots . Truly a wonderful product .
 This is the third Gardena Wand I have purchased and it works very well for most of my watering needs in my greenhouse . It is very easy to use and control . I would like to see however some site where I may purchase repair parts instead of needing to purchase a new wand -- at least then I would have a spare .
 As another reviewer mentioned , availability of parts is nonexistent . While Gardena has a comprehensive website , they do not provide parts for this product , and most of their parts are available only in Germany . All I need is the ring that screws on the main spray nozzle , as the plastic threads are stripped.That said , I have not been able to find any product that comes close to this . I use it to water my vegetable and flower garden every day . I just placed an order for another one , and if it breaks , I will order another .
 Read about it in a greenhouse book . Thought i would give it a try . It is much gentler than other sprayers , while still putting out a lot of water . Only way to be more gentle is with a mister . -LRB- Also has other tips with hard sprays , etc. but I only use the sprinkler tip as I am in a greenhouse and need to get a lot of water out without splashing all over lights and electronics etc. -RRB- The adjustable pressure regulator and sqeeze handle also make control easy . No complaints .
 This is a very simple sprinkler . You control it by increase or decrease water pressure by how wide you open the spigot of water to which the hose is attached . How much of the area is covered depends on how strong your water pressure is at its max . The biggest area I can get is about 10 feet square . And , of course , anything less is obtained by just by turning down the water flow.This sprinkler works well for spot watering . I have two small areas in the front lawn that I need to water , so I move the sprinkler a few times to get the entire area covered.Since it has no moving parts this is going to outlast all my other rotation and oscillating sprinklers that I use in the back yard . The only down side of this sprinkler that it is very light , so if the hose does not want to lay flat -LRB- which is often the case -RRB- this sprinkler will not stay flat , it can not fight what the hose wants to do . There is a little loop of metal at the very tip which can be used to pin the sprinkler to the ground . If you push a nail through the hole and into the ground at a slight angle it will provide some resistance to the twist from the hose.I bought a square and circle of this sprinkler . Frankly , it appears to me that they water the same shape , mostly controlled by how the wind blows . I am attaching a photo of this sprinkler next to a pen , so you can see the relative size of it.This is a good economical solution for a small area .
 This is the perfect shape for my smallish , rectangular vegetable garden . No controls or moving parts so this should last just about forever . Just adjust water flow/pressure to make the coverage area larger or smaller.To those reviewers who said it was too light to stay in place I have a simple solution . Take a wire coat hanger and cut the straight portion to about six inches in length ; this can usually be done with a pair of pliers . 1 '' or 1 1/2 '' from one end use the pliers to bend the wire to a 90 degree angle making a handle of sorts . Use the `` handle '' to push the wire through the little hole -LRB- opposite of where the hose connects to the sprinkler -RRB- and down into the ground thereby stabilizing the sprinkler . When you 're finished watering simply pull up on the `` handle '' removing the wire and you 're sprinkler is ready to be used in another location . Hope this helps those who thought it was too light to stay on the ground .
 You increase of decrease the size of the rectangle that it covers by adjusting the water pressure/force . Good idea for those people with a rectangular yard .
 I bought this sprayer to wash dirt and salt off the underside of my car , using a couple of lengths of PVC pipe joined with 45 degree fittings and various hose connectors . I connect a hose to the end of the piping , and while standing up beside the car , shove the sprayer back and forth under the car , sliding its little cast feet on the asphalt . The spray extended out to the sides , wh rows of holes with dots of epoxy .
 I just purchased and used mine for the first time.I am so far happy with this mower.I am writing this to help potential others with the setup . As they say a smart man learns from his mistakes , a genius learns from the mistakes of others . So let me help you become a genius.The worst part of this mower is the setup . After I have done my backyard , still have my front to do . I have found a potentially easier way to do this.First off I agree that the line should be slightly buried . Here is what I suggest to do this quickly and less painful .1 -RRB- Rent/borrow/steal a lawn line edger . -LRB- Kidding about the stealing -RRB- 2 -RRB- Mark your lines in the yard for the perimeter with spray paint , or maybe a chalk line .3 -RRB- Run the edger over the lines , to make a nice 2-3 '' deep cut in the lawn .4 -RRB- Place the copper wire in the line , staking it every 5 to 10 ' or so . I 'd use a few more on places with a lot of turns . -LRB- This should save money on stakes , especially if you have a big yard . -RRB- . -LRB- I have had to purchase more , b/c I did n't start out using this method , but I will for sure on the front yard -RRB- .5 -RRB- Step on the lawn where you placed the wire , so as to smoosh the lawn back together .6 -RRB- Hook up the perimeter device and you are off and running .7 -RRB- Grab a beer and watch it go!Update
 I bought the RoboMower 850 several months ago , and I could n't be more pleased with its performance . I have a really huge yard , which I divided into 3 zones , and the RoboMower does a great job . I am having a great time gardening while it mows the lawn , and chatting with curious folks who stop to ask about it . The green perimeter wire , which is staked at ground level , is easily adjusted to accomodate new flower beds , trees , and shrubs . The 850 model still has its `` voice '' and the sound effects , tunes , and speech are a hoot .
 I bought an RL800 from Amazon in 2003 , and it is still running . I would not have any other kind of mower . But , you have to know the product.There is absolutely no doubt in my mind that a robotic battery mower is the best solution to lawnmowing . First , no gas is involved . I do n't have to store gasoline as a potential bomb , and I do n't have to worry about a mower that is going to decide not to start . I do n't have to take it in to have it serviced . And , I am not polluting the neighborhood with exhaust fumes or noise.Even better , mowing is automatic . All I do is get it going and it cuts the lawn without my help . When it is a humid 80 degrees or better out , the lawn gets cut because the mower does n't care.I have had one repair in the past 8 years , and I had to do this myself . The rear height adjuster , which is made of plastic , broke . I had to take the top off of the mower and bolt a bronze strap across it . But it works.The major complaint I have with it is cost . I bought this for about $ 500 initially . The equivalent RL850 is now over $ 1500 , which I find outrageous . The blades are over $ 50 now , which I can tolerate . Changing them is super-easy . But the battery , which used to be under $ 100 , is now $ 250 . So , I am now rebuilding my own for less than half that cost.And , having two batteries is a necessity to me . I have 3 yards to cut , and I could never get it done in a reasonable time if I had to wait to charge the battery before continuing.So , being handy helps if you own one of these . But , that 's also true for a gas mower.I wish there were more competition in this arena . You can get a crappy gas mower dirt cheap now , and it works pretty good . For a robotic mower , you have to want to really have one to swallow the cost .
 What can you say about Friendly Robotics but `` WOW '' and keep up the good work . I ca n't wait for your next product . Your mower has saved me so much time and effort and it makes my grass healthier . What more could you ask for ?!!! Thank you
 Having been using it for a month so far , I have no complaints about this mower . It just works beautifully ! I encountered no problem when following the DVD instruction to set up the perimeter wires . All my friends who have seen it in action were wow ` ed too . My 21-month-old son also keeps asking me to get `` Rob '' out.One caveat
 I 've had the robomower for a few months now . Laying the wire was the hard part ; I had to get additional wire and stakes and was sore for a couple of days from all the kneeling and standing -- if I had to do it over again I would come up with some means of placing and pounding the stakes from a standing position . The first few times I ran it in my front yard it was a big attention getter , with neighbors and passersby stopping to watch and ask about it , and some kid even offered to buy it from me -LRB- I referred him to Amazon -RRB- . Understand though , it is not perfect , and you likely wo n't be able to throw away your regular mower . It takes a LONG time -LRB- 2 + hours -RRB- to mow a section of lawn , and it does n't handle long narrow sections like the sides of the house or areas behind obstacles very well -LRB- it 's really not very smart -RRB- . I have given up on having it mow my front and side lawns as not worth the time it takes , so I let it go in the -LRB- large -RRB- back yard for a couple of hours , then get out the manual mower and quickly do the front and sides with it , plus the necessary trim in the backyard in areas where it has trouble -LRB- I have a lot of obstacles - trees , flower and vegetable gardens , pond -RRB- . Overall I am pretty happy with it , as it saves me from the really heavy work on those hot summer days , and I barely break a sweat on what 's left . I have only had one problem which required a call to customer support -LRB- it was n't charging properly -RRB- , and the response was prompt and helpful , even if it did presume that I owned a voltmeter and knew how to use it , and the mower was back to work a few days later . Oh yeah , it does n't handle wet ground well , even if the grass is dry , so bear that in mind ; I 've seen it wedge itself against a tree root and just sit their spinning its wheels obliviously , until I freed it . In my fenced back yard I can let it roam relatively unsupervised , with the exception of an occasional check to free it from some minor problem or other -LRB- sometimes it gets confused and calls for help -RRB- . One issue - as a software developer with some relevant expertise , I am a bit irked at being unable to modify the mower 's embedded software , as I have little doubt that I could vastly improve its performance - an inquiry to this effect to the company has gone unanswered . While I can appreciate their presumed liability concerns , it would be to their benefit to mobilize the user community to develop and improve upon it - this sort of thing has been a big boon to the iRobot .
 this is a great machine . the art is in laying the wire . it is a great product . i have had mine over two years . it works like the they say . it mows excellent . i love to watch the neighbors push their lawn mower , and put expensive gas into their lawn mower . i sit on the deck an watch it go . the support center in louisville , ky is excellent . i have been there and seen it . the man , Tyler knows the machines . if there is a problem , his staff of , polite , young automaited technicians , will fix your machine . this the machine to buy , with super support.Robert WestIndianapolis , IN
 EXCELLENT PERFORMANCE . MUCH BETTER MOWER THAN THE FIRST ONE DEVELOPED.ONLY COMPLAINT IS THAT IT TAKES TOO LONG TO RECEIVE SPARE BATTERY PACK . ORDERED IN APRIL , RECEIVED IN JULY . THIS REALLY NEEDS TO BE IMPROVED.LINDA ROBINSONSEMINOLE , TEXAS
 Update
 The Robomower is the best product I have ever used . I never mow my lawn ! My Robomower 's mow my lawn for me . This product works . I have an RL 1000 and and RL 800 . I have used this product for 5 years . I have had zero problems with either the RL 1000 or the RL 800 . I have one mower do my front lawn and the other do the back.I strongly suggest thsi product . I live in Alabama !
 Love it.I bought this mower at the start of last summer , calculating that if it lasted a year and a half or more , I 'd break even on what I was paying a lawn service to mow my yard.I have an fairly uneven yard , with some steep parts . Set to the highest mow , robomower easily navigates the rough spots , and manages the slopes well . Robomower takes a lot longer to mow a lawn than it would take you to do it manually , but since you are off doing something else , and robomower can work in the dark , that does n't matter at all.Be prepared to experiment with the perimeter wire . I found dividing my front , side , and back yard into three zones was the best choice for me . Do the final complete pegging after you 've run the mower a few times and know the wire is in the right place . If you have multiple zones and live in a part of the country where mowing days are limited by frequent rain , get an extra battery and/or the fast charger , so you can mow more than one zone per day when you get the chance.The mowing pattern is not up and down in lines , but in angled criss-crossing , leaving lots of gaps at first , so you wo n't see a clean mow until it 's done . But when it is , the cut is very nice
 I ordered two in June -LRB- one for me and one for my dad for fathers day -RRB- and we both love them they work tirelessly and do a great job . Now if only they would come out with a robot weed eater/edger . Also , I ordered another for my neighbor for her birthday and they sent the wrong one so , I returned it am awaiting an exchange for the right one . Is it going to come or do I have to re-order ?
 First off let me say I 've seen a mix of reviews . Most of them have been positive , but a few negative ones as well.I will discuss the negative points fully since they should be mentioned , but they are far outweighed by all of the positive things I can say about this mower , which is why I have given it four stars . I would , and should give it five stars , but I want people to know how I honestly feel and I want them to read the negative points so they can decide if this is best for them.The subjects I will cover are setup , use , upkeep , quality , and price.Setup -LRB- Three stars -RRB-
 I purchased an 850 about three months ago . My thumbnail review
 My paid lawn care service bailed out on me and left me high and dry with no mower and a lawn that was beginning to look like a hayfield . I added up the money I paid others to mow my lawn last year , and decided that if the Robomower worked , and lasted 1-1/2 years , I 'd be even , and would n't have to give up my evenings after work and brave the mosquitoes and black flies.I love it . I 'm stretching its capabilities in terms of lawn size and inclines , but the little thing just keeps chugging along . I have it set to high clearance and a high cut , and it is handling my very uneven lawn with no problems . It took two mows per zone to transform my badly overgrown lot into a groomed lawn . The cut is good , just like my riding-mower or push-mower neighbors ' except without the lines . The Robomower mulches beautifully , leaving no evidence of clippings on top of the grass.I start the mower when I get home from work . While it mows , I 'm inside doing all the other evening chores , and then relaxing . It keeps on mowing after the sun goes down , and it 's so quiet that you wo n't disturb the neighbors if it finishes up at 10 PM . -LRB- Just remember to bring a flashlight to find where it has stopped when it is time to bring it in ! -RRB- While you can just set it up and go , to get the best cut be prepared to spend a little time optimizing things after you 've seen it run a couple times
 Look , this took me 2 hours to write and edit just right because I 'm passionate about my robotic lawnmower so give me the courtesy of reading this in full and then decide for yourself.I live in Florida and can handle edging and blowing , but not mowing . I have about 1/4 acre of grass and my property is an L shaped corner lot.Why did I buy a Robomower rather than hiring a service ? This was a no brainer decision . Pay $ 140 per month to have someone MowBoe mow my lawn no matter what month of the year it is -LRB- quick math $ 1680/year -RRB- , OR . . pay about $ 1000 and have Wilson mow the lawn more often and be rid of the deafening noise of the lawn service 's equipment . PLUS SAVE MONEY!How much of a savings ? In my case about $ 2000 in two years . If this mower lasts 2 years it has paid for itself two times over , but from what I read , this bot lasts much longer . The longer it lasts , the more money I save.I considered the 1000 series , but my lawn 's area is n't that large and the docking station does n't really make things exciting for me.Wilson is my Robomower . Yes , I named it , I admit it . I name robots , it 's tradition ... . or it will be in a few decades . I also have a Roomba SAGE called Rosie and a Roomba Scooba called Willie . Robots are the way to go , even though they are really god awful stupid ... . for now anyway.I read all the reviews I could find on the RL850 . Generally speaking they gave it two thumbs up except for the on board settings . I read the manual 2 times because I do n't have a life and I did n't find anything too difficult to understand about the settings . If you can program your answering machine , you can do this.HOW IT WORKSThere are 2 main settings you decide for the robot . The first one is follow the wire loop you laid down first then mow inside of it , this setting is called -LRB- EDGE -RRB- , normally it would skip the edge so you have to tell it . It 's just a push of 2 buttons . There is a second separate feature you can set called -LRB- WIDE SCAN -RRB- , this allows the mower to take longer passes before it decides to turn to another compass heading.This should be set after watching the robot mow your lawn a few times . It 's for efficiency , you really do n't need to do this if you do n't have the time . . but like I said . . I do n't have a life so I do n't mind looking out of my window watching my mower do it 's thing for an hour or two . Oh yeah , I 'm the talk of the neighborhood alright . Yup , there 's that crazy guy watching his robots again.Basically , the Wilson unit has a built in compass and knows the direction it is cutting -LRB- for example North to South -RRB- . Wilson cuts in a tight zig zag fashion meaning it moves south until it hits an obstacle or detects the wire then moves a little to the right and moves north . Back and forth it goes , at some point , Wilson decides to change the direction of the cut.There will be uncut globs here and there , do n't worry , somehow the idiot programming runs over these spots and your lawn will look perfectly mowed as if someone did it with a precision shaver . Yes , it 's that good . It 's like a barber cut my lawn , just keep those blades sharp . By the way , it handles small branches very well.Remember , you MUST lay down the wire first . The bot will look for a signal from the wire or it wo n't turn on . A nice safety feature.LAYING DOWN THE WIREDepending on the layout of your lawn , it may take you a few hours as the manual suggests , but my L shaped lot with a white picket fence smack in between and a detached garage has taken 3 days of planning , experimentation and installation . 3 zones have been laid out.Nevertheless , if you have a less complex lawn configuration than mine , such as a big square you should be done quicker.For multiple zones , I suggest you lay out only one zone first . ONE ZONE ! Then try the bot out to see how it handles the layout . This will help you make adjustments and better layout decisions for the other zones . This may take more time at first but it 's better than pulling up stakes and readjusting . That can get very messy.Burying the wire 3 to 6 inches in the ground is not a problem for the mower . I have it going under my brick paved walkway . No problems with navigation . You do n't need to bury the wire , just clear the way for the wire with an edger , wet the ground , then lay the wire on top of the grass and brush your hand over the grass so it hides in between the grassblades . Over time , the grass will grow over the wire.The wire must be laid out in a big loop around your lawn then meeting back to a simple transmitter coupling . Do n't rely on a fence to be a perimiter for you . Robomower will not do a good job bumping in to many things because it shuts the blades off , backs off then turns the blades on after it moves which is another safety feature I like . If you have trees it 's ok to have it bump the tree , but bushes or flower beds must have the perimiter wire around them.SUGGESTIONSPLAN AHEAD ! MEASURE ! Make sure you have enough wire . The RL 850 box contains 4 bags of 50 stakes each . Plan to punch a stake every 3 feet or so . They give you 500 feet of wire which is good for 4 bags of stakes . If you need more wire buy it but do n't cheap out on the stakes . I 've caught Wilson 's front wheel snagging the wire and pulling on it because I tried to cheap out on the stakes and used less than I should . Of course if you bury the wire this will not be a problem.Remember , I am saving at least $ 500 for the first year and over $ 1500 fore every year afterwards having Wilson doing my lawn with very little elbow grease of my own . I want the wire to be there permanently without any snags so It 's dumb to cheap out on the installation.WHY ELECTRIC OVER GASI had it up to here with gas engines ! I 've given up on them which is why I contemplated a lawn service . Oh , they start up right away at first , but then it 's maintenance time and cramps from pulling and tugging on that start rope . I threw out more sweat trying to start the darn things than to actually mow ! Then it 's the oil , the expensive fuel , yada yada yada ... Electric motors have more torque than gas motors and are QUIET !!! Wilson was so quiet , I went and purchased a Black and Decker 18v cordless edger and a Black and Decker 18v cordless blower and gave away my gas engine edger and blower . Now I can edge my lawn at midnight and my neighbors wo n't even know it . Try that with a pull push tug skanky gas hog that breaks down and not to mention gets VERY HOT!A riding mower does n't do it for me . I look like a weeble in the first place and will make my neighbors laugh . Also , the noise , the gas , and I still have to edge and blow . PLUS ! The riding mower is MORE EXPENSIVE ! And I have to store it ! Wilson fits under a shelf in my garage . It takes less space than a walk behind mower . Do the math.HAVE DOGS?I have two Shepherds . Beautiful , courageous and strong . Besides giving everyone a second thought before coming close to the house , they have one genetic quark . After a good dump they like to wipe their bear claws in the lawn , tearing in to it . This airates the ground somewhat so it 's good , but take this in to consideration when you are laying down wire . My male shepherd I call Monster already ripped up a wire without knowing . He 's a good boy , so now I have to make sure he does n't do his business by the edge of the fence . This is a training period for both man , animal and robot.Lawn ... the primal fronteer ... the everending saga of man over veggie and the pursuit of perfection.The Lawn Weeble
 Love it.I bought this mower at the start of last summer , calculating that if it lasted a year and a half or more , I 'd break even on what I was paying a lawn service to mow my yard.I have an fairly uneven yard , with some steep parts . Set to the highest mow , robomower easily navigates the rough spots , and manages the slopes well . Robomower takes a lot longer to mow a lawn than it would take you to do it manually , but since you are off doing something else , and robomower can work in the dark , that does n't matter at all.Be prepared to experiment with the perimeter wire . I found dividing my front , side , and back yard into three zones was the best choice for me . Do the final complete pegging after you 've run the mower a few times and know the wire is in the right place . If you have multiple zones and live in a part of the country where mowing days are limited by frequent rain , get an extra battery and/or the fast charger , so you can mow more than one zone per day when you get the chance.The mowing pattern is not up and down in lines , but in angled criss-crossing , leaving lots of gaps at first , so you wo n't see a clean mow until it 's done . But when it is , the cut is very nice
 Looks like a lot of the reviews that are negative talk about RoboMowers they 've owned for at least two years . That would mean they 're usually talking about the old models , the RL500 or 550 . -LRB- Lots of upgrades since then for the `` getting stuck '' issues , but I can not speak to the reliability yet . -RRB- My review is for the RL850 , which is listed here . This mower does exactly what they say it will do . I have had absolutely NO problems whatsoever . My front yard has a pretty steep slope , which causes no trouble at all . My back yard has a crabgrass problem , also no trouble for the RoboMower . I set it out , it does it 's thing . When it 's finished I spend about 5 minutes getting a couple of narrow points that the RoboMower ca n't reach , and I 'm done . My boyfriend who likes to mow -LRB- I 've always hated it -RRB- says I 've spoiled him now that he 's seen the `` finer things '' and wants to setup his own yard to use it ! The grass looks great when it 's finished , no raking as the pieces of grass are chopped very finely . I would buy it again in a minute.May 8 , 2012An update on my Robomower
 I just purchased my RL 850 from Amazon and installed the wire last weekend . I gave my lawn it 's first Robo-cut . The lawn looks like it got one of those professional haircuts . Looks like a golf course . No visible tire tracks anywhere.It did take me 4-5 hours to stake the wire and adjust the edges by myself - and that was only the back yard -LRB- roughly 100 ` x75 ' with one landscaped island -RRB- . It took approximately 2 to 2-1/2 hours to mow a lawn I can cut in 45 mins . But I managed to get a nice sun tan on my lounge chair while IT was working.If not for the picnic table obstructing the path of the Robomower , it would have done the job all by itself . I had to modifiy its course to finish cutting an area the table kept blocking it from . And it did get hung-up once backing up onto some tree roots -LRB- lifted off the ground and did n't make contact - wheels kept spinning -RRB- . I have a few trees it just bumped into and backed away from.So I guess I ca n't let Robo do it 's thing unattended - at least not yet - and the instructions tell you NEVER to do that anyway -RRB- . As I develop more trust in the mower , I 'll probably get some other chores done while it does the back yard -LRB- if I can tear myself away from watching the silly thing doing its job - looks like a turtle -RRB- . I 'm considering purchasing more wire and perimeter switch for the front yard - but crossing over the sidewalk and driveway seems a bit complicated and perhaps hazardous -LRB- blades over concrete -RRB- . Now I need a clever name for it . Any suggestions?Highly recommended product for those who have better things to do than walk up and down - back and forth - across their lawns - once or twice a week . Get it on sale tho!Turbo TonyRobomower and Roomba vacuum - anyone invent the home car washing robot yet?Updated Nov 6 , 2007 : I just finished my first season with the RL850 Robomower . What a delight!The minor problem I had with it getting stuck on large tree roots - fixed by pounding a few stakes next to the roots . `` Bobby '' delivers a near perfect cut each time . It does miss a very small patch or two every now and then - but so what - it gets it the next time.The only regret was spending the money to buy this thing so that I could get more leisure time - but as it turned out - my 16 yr old son is the one who got the extra time off ! Now he only cuts the smaller front and side grass with the noisy old Toro . Did I mention NOISY ? I really got used to the `` sounds of silence '' , well , ok , sounds of humming - while Bobby cut the lawn . It 's to the point where I throw mean looks at my neighbor every time he cuts his lawn with his loud gas mower while Im trying to lay-out back and catch a few rays . If only everyone -LRB- or at least both of my neighbors -RRB- had one of these.Consider this an endorsement . The thing works . And it 's good for the environment -LRB- can I use it as a tax write-off ? hmmmmmm ... -RRB- Updated August 24th , 2008 : `` Bobby '' is nearing the end of his second season of mowing my lawn -LRB- got maybe 1-2 months left -RRB- . It 's performing like new . I charged the battery last Winter per online advice - remove the battery from the mower and charge for 24 hours once a month . It still runs for over 3 hours in it 's second season . Love the cut and my wife says I 'm getting lazier every day . Got ta love it ! Thinking about buying more wire and another perimeter switch for the front yard -LRB- probably only 1/2 the front since my driveway splits the lawn -RRB- . Tony
 It is just about the end of my first summer spent watching Mo cut the grass in our zone 6 Pennsylvania yard . It is a delight not to be doing the work myself . If Mo misses a spot I do not care because I AM NOT MOWING . Yippee.Yes , it takes time and perserverence to lay the wire . I make my own pegs from wire coat hangers and I use 14 gauge wire from Home Depot because the supplies from this maker are just too high priced . The blades will probably have to be replaced -LRB- too many stones were hit this year -RRB- and the battery still seems fine after one summer of mowing 1/3 acre every week.I have learned to use Mo only in dry weather - comments made by other reviewers are true , he does make a mess in mud and the deck does indeed get clogged with wet grass . But so did my big old gas powered Toro , which I do not miss.You will like this mower if you are opposed to feeding and coddling lawn . MY `` yard '' was mainly weeds and turfgrass last May . Mo is set to mow high - 3 '' - and I can already see the improvement . The higher cut is allowing grass to crowd out weeds , with the result that there is more grass . The robot does a good job , costs over a three year period will be less than I would have paid the lawn service , and as for the edges , who really cares whether they are the neatest in town?I love this thing .
 I purchased RL850 in July 2008 . I have beening using it almost every afternoon except when it rains . So far , I am pleased with this purchase . The instruction is easy to follow and the operation is very simple.Just an update to this review . I am still using this robot and it is doing great jobs -LRB- 6/24/2012 -RRB- .
 I have six 8-10 gallon planters along the side of my patio that need to be watered regularly March through November . This wand does the job for me . The spray selections are suitable for this kind of watering . It does not leak when the flow is shut off while the water is still on and holds the pressure in the hose after the water is turned off -LRB- I have to remember release the pressure before disconnecting the wand or the hose -RRB- . However , when I bought it in summer of 2008 , the price was about 40 percent less than it is now , just six months later . At the current price , I would look closely at alternatives from Gardena and other manufacturers before choosing this model .
 I spend a lot of time in the garden -LRB- I live in California -RRB- , and even though we have a sprinkler system , I love to hand water when I can . I 'm very particular about my nozzles and Gardena has been my manufacturer of choice for years . This nozzle replaces and older model I had and I was thrilled to find it ! I love the different spray patterns , but by far the best feature is the volume control . In my experience , all my nozzles eventually develop leaks over a period of time -LRB- which is usually repaired by replacing the o-ring -RRB- . Sometimes the leak ca n't be fixed , but that 's because I 've abused it by dropping it repeatedly on the driveway and it develops internal cracks . So , with a little care , my Gardena nozzles last a long time and I 've been very satisfied . They are by far the best I 've come across , and this one is the best of the best !
 The nozzle arrived in good shape and included a female quick disconnect for the hose . The 4 flow patterns are really good , especially the soft stream , which allows you to get alot of water out of the hose without too much force -LRB- like a sink faucet aerator -RRB- . The shower is a bit wide for my liking - my old gardena nozzle confined the shower to a relatively narrow band . This one has broad , more diffuse pattern , which means you end up watering areas you do n't need to.The handle has a catch to allow you to lock it in the on position , but it 's nearly impossible to hold the nozzle and not accidentally trip the catch . The flow control lever on top is a good idea and works well.The main problem I have had is the rubber ring that holds on the shower pattern disc is flexible and does n't seal properly . The threads never engage tightly enough to prevent water from dripping -LRB- or spraying -RRB- all over the place when the ring is n't screwed all the way on . I fixed this problem by putting a bit of pipe compound on the threads to seal them and help keep the ring in place , but it should be designed differently.Overall , it 's a good product with alot of versatility , and despite its shortcomings , there may not be a better nozzle out there .
 I got my RoboMower in June of 2005 and other than one breakdown it has performed perfectly for me.I have 12,000 Sq Ft of very level lawn -LRB- newly landscaped and graded yard -RRB- with no obstructions . The RoboMower comes out every night at 5:00 PM , mows for a few hours , and comes back without issue . It 's the hit of the neighborhood.Laying the perimeter wire was a pain . At first I just laid it out and used the stakes to keep it down . I figured there was a 50/50 chance I 'd be returning the unit -LRB- low expectations ! -RRB- and I did n't want to spend the time burying the wire . After a couple of weeks I decided the unit was a keeper and I buried the wire - which took all day.Suggestion
 I bought a new house and saw that everyone else in the neighborhood had a riding lawnmower . Having a small yard with not much to mow , in the past , I was not looking forward to spending at least 2 hours a week sitting on my -LSB- back -RSB- driving around in circles . I started looking for `` high speed '' riding movers but the cost was astronomical . -LRB- ... -RRB- The mower and docking station arrived , from Amazon , in 2 large boxes . Installation and set-up was easily enough and I was `` mowing '' the front yard the next day . I had the mower set to MAX time but the lawn looked pretty well mowed after about 2 hours . Now in the back yard -LRB- much larger area -RRB- the grass was long , wet , and has a long slope in it so the mower ran less than 3 hours before it returned to its dock . The lawn looked about 90 % done . I was fairly satisfied with that being it is going out again today at 4:00 PM to finish up . `` It mows , you do n't '' . Love that!The only thing I did that took a bit more time for the initial set-up was bury the perimeter wire , in high visibility areas . I did not like looking at the green line . I found this to be quite easy once I taped the `` robo ruler '' to a lawn edger I already own . I could then easily look down at the ruler and use it as a guide for the 1 inch deep little trench I dug with the edger.Things that impressed me
 Timmy -LRB- Friendly Robotics RL1000 -RRB- took over mowing our lawn August of 2005 . I have n't mowed a lawn in over a year , 1 and a half growing seasons ! I split up my front and back yard with a small gap so Timmy can do the front yard or the back and still make it home to his charging station . -LRB- home base is highly recommended !!! -RRB- I often start him up at 6pm and he keeps mowing until around 9:30 pm and then goes to his little house for a complete re-charge for the next day . I did not choose the scheduled start option because I have two dogs and a 1 year old that leave toys in the yard . Also , Timmy can mow in the rain but grass cuts so much better when it 's dry , plus grass clippings do n't build up as much in the underside and wheel treads.Setting up took some time and a bit of experimenting . Especially deciding which trees to block out with the wire and how to keep Timmy in the front or back while still being able to make it home when he 's done . I purchased an extra roll of wire at Home Depo , any solid strand 16g or 14g wire will work . I soldered the connections instead of using the special wire nuts . I tried to go without an extra bag of wire stakes thinking I could just get something at Walmart or Home Depot but ended up buying 3 more bags of official stakes later on after an exhaustive search came up empty.I have had very little trouble with Timmy . I 'm good with new gadgets so dealing with little problems is n't too difficult for me . The outdoor power supply did break after only about 4 months of use but I just hooked up the indoor power supply inside and drilled a hole in the garage wall for the wire . I can now tell the blades need replacing after just over 1 year of use -LRB- about 5 months total in southern Maine -RRB- but that was expected . The battery life has gone from almost 4 hours down to about 3 hours so I plan on replacing those next spring . -LRB- I will just install 2 new 12v lead acid batteries in the existing housing and save about $ 75 on a new official battery pack -RRB- Everyone in the neighborhood talks about Timmy , he 's so popular ! Mostly people ask about him when I 'm outside and they walk by . I have had a few kids ring my door bell asking about him while he was busy at work .
 I bought my Robomower about a year ago , and decided I 've probably had it long enough to make a comment.My wife and I moved from our house in the city to a place in the suburbs with a half-acre lot . I spent our first summer using our walk-behind mower , but quickly decided that was for the birds . It took hours . All my neighbors had riding mowers , but I did n't want one of those . It seemed a little too stereotypically suburban . So in researching mowers I discovered the Robomower.Now , I am not an early adopter by any means . I do n't go for the latest gadget . But I learned that the Robomowers have been around for about ten years now , and have been much improved since the early models . And the Robomower cost about the same as a riding mower . So after doing a lot of research I decided to take a chance on it.Someone else left a comment here saying that the Robomower comes with poor documentation . I really disagree . The manuals were well-written , and I was surprised how easy and straightforward the set-up was . The most monotonous part was laying the perimeter wire . That probably took me three or four hours -- but then , I have a rather large yard.Once the wire is set and the docking station set up , you just let the mower charge up and then -- off you go . It runs pretty quietly , and sounds very much like an electric weed trimmer -LRB- the three blades underneath the mower deck look quite a bit like trimmer blades , actually -RRB- . One of my neighbors came over to see what I had trolling around the lawn . `` My wife and I saw it but did n't know what it was , '' he said . `` One day I said to her , I think it 's cutting their grass -- I do n't see him out there with the lawn mower anymore '' . In terms of the quality of the cut , I think it does pretty well . Your lawn wo n't look like a golf course , but I 'm not that picky . Looks pretty much like it used to when I cut with the gas mower . Robomower has soft bumpers on the front and back so that if it runs into a tree it will simply toddle off in the opposite direction . It does n't seem to hit very hard , and I have n't noticed any damage to the bark . When the mower battery runs low , it automatically goes back to the docking station . Once in a while it had trouble finding the station , or had trouble docking on its own , but it would usually make it by itself . Worst case scenario , you can simply use the manual controller to drive it back to the station.You can run perimeter wire around a tree to keep the Robomower from hitting it . I will need to do that for one of the trees , as Robomower keeps running up on one of the tree roots and getting stranded -- its wheels keep turning but it does n't get anywhere . Then I have to walk out and drag it off . But generally , if it gets a wheel stuck in a chuckhole or something , it will just beep loudly and start off in the other direction.There is a manual setting that allows you to use it as a conventional electric mower , ostensibly for doing small areas that do n't fall in one of your zones . You simply pull out the control panel -LRB- it 's connected to the mower by a 4-foot line -RRB- and work the manual controls as you walk behind the mower . However , this is not very easy to use . You have to hold two buttons down simultaneously -LRB- one to move the wheels , one to run the blades -RRB- as well as manipulate the direction controller . My hands tended to cramp up within a couple of minutes.If you start with grass of a reasonable length , Robomower will do a good job maintaining it . But it has a hard time cutting overly long grass . Because the mower is heavy -LRB- it 's about 80 pounds with battery -RRB- it tends to flatten down long grass before the blades get a chance to shear it off . So you probably do n't want to give away your gas mower - you may need it once in a while.The literature says Robomower can work in the rain , but I would n't recommend it . The tires can get kind of gummed up with wet grass clippings and tend to slip . It will mow at night -LRB- you can see the blinking light on the top even if you ca n't see the mower -RRB- , but I really have n't bothered . Usually , I start it up on a weekend , when I 'm doing other stuff around the house.Overall , it cut the grass trouble-free throughout all of last summer , and it was a snap getting it set up again this spring.Robomower handles different zones , but be aware that model that comes with docking station can only be used for one zone . There 's a battery-powered perimeter switch that can be moved from zone to zone , but that 's not included with this.Overall , though , this was a good purchase for us . If you 're thinking about buying one and are on the fence , I 'd recommend you go for it .
 I actually have the RL800 model . As do all the above reviewers . I know this because this model , the RL1000 was only released in 2004 and the above reviews are all complaining about it being out of warrenty . That means they bought there mowers in 2003 or earlier . So please give this review as much weight as theirs . I also have an RL500 and that has been more difficult to maintain . If I guessed I 'd bet most of the above problems were with that model.As for the RL800 , this is my second full year using it and its been no problem at all . I 've played around with the barrier wires a little this year , but other than that and replacing the blades before the season started its preformed perfectly.One note of common sense . Sure the mower will mow in the rain . Just like you could walk down the street with a sack of potatoes . But why would you strain yourself like that ? Wet grass = heavy motor wear.And just to be clear my RL500 is also 2 years old and running strong .
 I found this mower to be very impressive.I have a lot about 100 '' x 25 ' , generally flat with a mild slope down the length of the yard , and filled with small divits between clumps of grass . I generally do n't have many bushes or trees in my property , so the deviations in my wire-line were few . I also have two dogs that commonly use the yard.The set up was fairly simple ; a single perimeter wire layed the groundwork along the fence . It rounds a few bushes and trees along the fence line.I found the system set-up easy enough to only require a light read of the manual . When I started the mower I had n't cut the grass in about 2-3 weeks -LRB- which is probably not recommended -RRB- , but the mower cut through the 1 ' grass length without many problems . While tackling this length of grass it did stall in a few spots because of a lack of traction , so it needed a few nudges to continue . As it cut the lawn , however , the wheels were able to grab better and better traction and soon resolved the grass to the proper length . I do n't believe I 'll need to fill any of the divits to allow the system to run from here on in without my watching it.I set it up to cut the grass to max power for every day of the week , however I will probably reduce this because the cut-time is certainly long enough to handle the backyard every few days -LRB- beyond 2 hours so far -RRB- . I would recommend setting up the docking station on a flat stone surface -LRB- I 'll probably lay cinderblock slabs beneith it later -RRB- as the mower will not be able to cut along the edges of the docking station very well.My dogs at first were curious about it , but the quiet mowing sound was n't at all intimidating , so they simply sniffed at it a few times and left it alone . Also , with the mowing sound lower than the general street traffic , mowing at any time of day would likely be fine.Outside of that , my only regret is that I did n't buy this mower earlier in the year . That would have saved me a lot of time . I look forward to reducing my workload in the backyard going forward . All in all , I 'm satisfied .
 I wish I bought the Lawnbott Evolution . The lawnbott appears much faster and configurable than the RL1000 . Additionally , the lawnbott seems to do better in smaller spaces . However , I purchased a RL1000 because it was about $ 500 cheaper than the lawnbott . So , I am stuck with it . So far , I have used the RL1000 about 3-5 times to mow since then . First impressions are that the documention is terrible . I would like to see the documenation on setting up zones improve . There are videos that suppliment the paper manual . These videos should be watched . Without the videos , the documention on zones in the paper manual is incomplete . I thought the lawnmower robot would be smarter than it is . In this respect , most of the robot mowers are pretty dumb . They all seem to require a wire permiter . They all seem to zig zag around the permiter for a specified time . The RL1000 does a good job mowing , but I can mow my lawn with a reel mower in about half the time . If I use the RL1000 , it takes up to 3 hours . I only have 40 feet of grass behind my house , 40 feet of grass in front , with 10 feet on each side . The hardest part in setting up the robot was the permiter wire . It was painful with baby trees . I have six newly planted trees in my lawn that I had to create islands around . The islands seem to slow down the mowing speed . Additionally , sewer pipe vents in the front make it very hard for the RL1000 to get in the corners . The RL1000 is very big compared to say the lawnbott . I would only recommend the RL1000 for flat lawns without a lot of trees . However , if you have a tiny spaces for the robot to go around , it might be best to do those manually . Additionally , the RL1000 seems to get disoriented in depression areas.I read the manual for the lawnbott , and I used it to suppliment the RL1000 manual , which is pretty funny . They all work the same the lawnbott is more expensive , smaller , and quiter . Additionally , it looks more like a toy than a lawnmower . But , the lawnbott is the mower for the geek . The RL1000 is pretty good for the cost . Even though my lawn is small , I ran out of wire . I would recommend purchasing bulk insulated wire if you run out . It is cheaper and serves the same purpose .
 I got this guy off-season and got him set up , running through multiple `` shake-down cruises . '' Very few problems so far ; a bit of a learning curve in setting up the perimeter , etc. . But , jeez-o-pete , is he ever so cool ! I may design and build a home for him , to simplify the winter storage process , but I ca n't wait until spring so I can truly turn him loose and see how well he performs in real life.The docs are accurate , though a bit sparse , so far . There is a growing community of dedicated users more than happy to share their thoughts and experiences , which is a huge asset.I wish I knew how to build a body-mod for him so he would look like the chomping turtle on the Flintstones!A very positive experience so far .
 Could n't be happier with the quality and price . Came well wrapped despite the cold weather at the time . The heat pack inserted was still warm . Plant is doing great and it has been over a month . I was hestitant ordering a plant in the winter and over the computer . I would n't hestitate to do it again .
 The product is exactly what I expected and wanted ! I meets every expectation that I had and looks really great !
 Each member of my family was born in a different state so I bought one for each of us . The kids love them , it gives them a pride in their homestate . These are cheaply made flags , but they are just for hanging in our boys bedrooms .
 i got this item for a friend and he loved it he was trying to get one of these flag for the longest and when i told him i could get it for him in a week he was so happy .
 Thanks for offering the State flag ! I do n't mind hanging out the Florida state flag along with the American flag , it shows pride in your heritage .
 This manufacturer CONSISTENTLY delivers a quality product inexpensively ... our visitor love it when we display flags personally linked to them .
 The flag was purchased for use in my classroom and is an excellent value as well as a fine product .
 The charger does what it 's supposed to do . What more is there to say about such an humble product ?
 Great concept for easily getting firewood the same length . However , the plastic rods break FAR too easily . Even a brief shock will snap them . They should be made from a stiff but FLEXIBLE plastic . I cut to 16 '' so when after two trips my 16 '' rod broke I cut the 18 '' rod to fit and used that . Then when that one broke I was out of luck.I 'll go to Lowes and buy a stainless steel , threaded rod to fit in the nut . The nut is the best part of this kit ! They should sell extra rods , in any particular length you want , in a 12 pack or something like that . You 're going to need them .
 I purchased this gas/charcoal combo grill in 2004 and love it . Never had a problem with mine . I just wish I could find two exactly like it so I could buy it for my sons .
 came in excellent condition . Growing strong.Recieved plant in great condition . Easy to grow . Growning strong in little sunlight . I am very pleased
 I bought this based on the previous review that referred to it as a tarp because I was having a hard time finding a cover that was going to fit my grill without spending a bundle ! It totally does n't fit mine because it 's too small - it is not the size of a tarp ! Here 's the description from the package : `` Grill2Go Grill Cover - Fits Grill2Go and other cart style gas grills up to 45 '' wide and 18 '' deep . Weather resistant PVC . Drawstring and grommet closure . `` Although it did n't work for my grill , I would have been totally happy with this cover had it fit . I hope the package description helps anyone else who 'd like to order this !
 i rate this cover good it fits nicely over the grill and bottle . I use the 17lb bottle and its nice and snug . just wish it was a little heavier in material .
 The grill cover is exactly as stated , of good quality plastic with a draw string closure . That feature has kept the cover in place during some recent high winds ! Recommended ...
 I almost did n't buy this item because of a previous review which ultimately turned out to be totally incorrect . I bought the cover for my Thermos 2-Go gas grill and as advertised , it is just the correct item for the grill . It fits perfectly and I would highly recommend it to anyone with this grill . I also searched the internet and went to several stores to look for a cover and none were as economical as this one . Even with the shipping cost , it was at least $ 10 less expensive . Go for it .
 A very nice cover for this grill . It is plenty long when using it after the grill is set up . Good quality & a real nice way to keep the grill looking good .
 This is a terrific buy ! Some of the previous reviewers had problems with hose connections ... that seems strange to me . It took me less than a minute to pull my hose on and connect it to both the LP tank and my gas regulator -LRB- for my Fire & Ice -RRB- . Works like a charm.I will say that the connection to the LP tank is a very tight fit . I found that on my second and third connections , I had to work a bit harder.But , the bottom line is that the hose DOES FIT . Since virtually all 20 lb LP tanks for gas grilling use the same fitting , this hose should work . And , the cost savings is well worth the buy !
 This is what you want to use a 20lb tank with your Thermos Fire and Ice Grill or Grill 2 Go . Plugs right in and works great !
 I am looking to buy one of these since my boyfriend and I use his father 's so often ! It is great ! We use it at home , on the boat and camping . Non-stick surface and nonstick grilling side are versatile . Steaks and eggs ! I STRONGLY recommend this ! It is hard to find a portable grill -LRB- this does collapse to just about 8 to 12 inches tall -RRB- that has a good LID ! Great Product !!
 I bought the Express from Lowes when they first came out . There was also the Red Grill 2 Go that does n't have wheels and is a little less outdoorsy than this one . The problem is mine got stolen out of the back of my truck , and it seems like it 's not available in stores anymore . They all just carry the Red or silver . I think the biggest difference is the wheels , but to me they are a big advantage . I have the Fire & ICe too , but like the Grill 2 Go for outdoor parties -LRB- especially at seattle 's alki beach ! -RRB- Amazon comes through again .
 For the money , I have been pleased with this grill . It generates more heat that I expected . Certainly , there are better grills on the market , but for a portable grill that produces good heat at a great price , this is the one . The base is stable , the temp gauge is handy , and the removable and dishwasher-safe cooking plate makes clean-up a little easier -LRB- but good luck finding a dishwasher that will fit it -RRB- . My only real complaint is that the unit is difficult to carry around because the grill unit does not latch onto the base so much as it sits on it .
 This grill is the best . I grill corn on the cob to pancakes . It cooks evenly and quickly . I use everyday in the snow and rain . I really like how it came with the plastic cookware tools . I would recomend this to anyone . Its folds down low for easy storage .
 I love this grill . It really goes anywhere you need it too . Are you the type to go and grill at a tailgater or how about to your local beach or park . This is an easy to set up and take down type of grill . It is not very heavy at all and easy to move around . Got to get yourself one of these and then you will ask yourself how did i get along with out it .
 The Grill-2-Go fulfilled my need for a portable grill with great aplomb ! At first I was a bit ambivalent at not having open slats for the `` on the grill taste , '' because how could you get that without the fire ? After using it for 7 days straight , and cooking every conceivable meal on it , for 14 people , I am a true addict . My only complaint is going back to my apartment and not being able to use it ! By having a closed Grill format , it 's not only easier to clean , but the food stays so moist and edible ! and marinating could n't be easier , no risks of flame burning . I 've never had grilled bacon before , mostly because the grease fires would 've destroyed a normal grill , not this bad boy , it grilled the bacon like a champ , and grease ran off to a convenient collector for easy clean-up ! The included tools are great and work very well on my Foreman grill too . The grill is great , but there are a few points that could be improved on .1 . The regulator has a separate `` off '' position , if it 's not set to that , gas slowly leaks out .2 . The `` teflon '' coating started coming off the grill portion after a few washings3 . The portable leg system never tightens down to my liking , still kinda `` loose '' or `` wobbly '' even after abusive tightening , make sure it 's on solid ground .4 . The adapter hose for a full-sized tank is sold seperately :-LRB- even , it 'd be nice if it was in the box , make it 20 bucks more ... Aside from those gripes -LRB- minor though they be -RRB- the grill is truly great , I ca n't wait to go camping with it !
 Use this grill at home ... family breakfasts on the deck or at the beach with the family and the motorhome or just your car so easy to use and a snap to clean . . lose the bar b que ...
 We are so glad that we decided to buy this . We use our grill attached to our camper and this product is great for those morning breakfasts ! It is easy to use easy to clean up .
 You have the grill so why not buy this . you know you want it . You know you need it . you know you must have it.It is heavy . . heavy heavy . but will last forever giving care.Pass it down to your great great grandchildrenHandles hook in to remove from grillGriddle fits perfectly in the back of grill .
 Another high quality probuct from Weber . I use this to cook eggs and bacon and it works great . Fits on the Q220 perfectly , and being cast iron it holds the heat nice ... . Highly recomended !
 This is very high quality . fits the grill like a glove
 I give it 4 out 5 just because its cast iron and does n't have a non stick coating . The griddle is super heavy duty . You have to season it if you want to make it non stick .
 This was part of a package for my rain drain andvitvworks perfectly . It came the next day . I love it !
 Most everyone in our neighborhood has traditional gutters - we have had many compliments on our new rain chains ! The contractor who did some work on our house thought they were SO cool . Hubby & I are entertained during rainstorms by watching the beautiful waterfall travel down the chain ! We had a neat icey rain a few weeks ago . A really pretty ice sculpture formed on the chain - did n't seem to clog up the downspout on the gutter , but I 'll be interested to see what happens this winter . This design is very basic/traditional and just what we were looking for . Pretty next to our tan house . Much more decorative than a down spout . Easy to install . Great fall into landscaping/yard design . After 6mos has a beautiful petina .
 We have 2 rain chains , one is cup shaped and this one . We love both of them . This is a heavy substantial chain . It helps if you leave the diverter part of the gutter in place to direct the water down the chain .
 We gave 2 of these to our daughter for her birthday , she and her husband are re-modeling there home . She had asked for these because we gave her one a few years ago and she loves the way the water cascades down the chains . I checked all over the internet for different chains and prices ... Amazon had the prettiest chains and the very best prices ! We are all happy with this product ...
 `` I was amazed at the excellent quality of this copper rain chain . Rather than the hollow links found in other rain chains , this one is solid copper , looks beautiful and costs less than the hollow ones . `` New Traditional Copper Rain Chain Single Loop - 8 Ft
 Works great , and wo n't hold to much snow and ice in winter to freeze and pull your gutter down .
 Absolutely love this . I also bought the separate copper cup that hangs at the top and helps divert water onto the chainBeautiful to watch in the rain .
 The grill cart fits the Q220 perfectly . There is no wobble and its very sturdy . Scary part is ... I built it . I hope I pounded the axel on enough so the wheels stay on . I do love the cart . Also , the grill can just be lifted off if I want to take it somewhere . And since it came with the adapter hose it saved me a few bucks there .
 Received cart within 5 days , free shipping also . Cart was easy to put together . Cart is really sturdy . I would recommend this product to anyone . Looks great on the patio . Thanks Weber for a great gas grill and cart .
 Looks good , easy to assemble , the Q fits in perfectly and I am totally satisfied . However , do n't be surprised at how ... well , let me just say - it probably cost $ 8 bucks to make
 Great Cart , good price , easy to put together and makes a great combination of grill and cart . Delivered timely and no shipping charges , which was a plus ...
 This is a fabulous cart . It is very sturdy , easy to assemble , and does everything great . The only drawback is that there is no real space to put things . You can hang your utensils , but no real storage place other than the bottom rack . Otherwise , I highly reccomend this cart!And as noted before , do not buy the adapter hose . This comes with one . I almost made that mistake , so do not buy the extra hose .
 As mentioned in other reviews the cart is made of composite materials . It is sturdy enough for my patio setting . However , the bottom grate upon which the tank rests flexes quite a bit . I do n't know if this has any long term implications for the life of the cart but I do n't like to see the wobble.I looked at the Weber tubular cart before buying this item . It is billed as the way to go if you want to move the grill to a beach or other outdoor site . I would not recommend buying the tubular cart and just pick up the grill from the stationary cart and carry it to your picnic site . My grill is aluminum and very lightweight.Also , I love the combination of the Q200 and Stationary Cart . I have owned grills -LRB- charcoal & gas -RRB- for over 30 years and overall this combination works the best .
 I recently bought the Webber Q 200 plus the stationary cart . I 'm very pleased with both . It 's great for at least 2 people , cooks food evenly and I have found the grilling instructions and times pretty accurate .
 The stand is very well made and assembly was a snap.The grill fit perfectly .
 OK machine . The pictures in the how to put it together I grade `` C - '' . There should be a caution someplace that says `` Be careful which handleyou grab to move the machine , as it is exciting when you grab the wrong one . ''
 small , lightweight , truly portable , and stylish . this cart fits the grill perfectly and is easy to move with . highly recommend .
 When you read the title of this product you must realize that is `` Stationary ' it is not meant to be moved over any rough terrain . It can however maneuver around your yard very well . I was expecting a product that would be unsturdy and unable to fit my 20lb gas tank correctly . However , I was met with a surprise of an extremely sturdy construction and strong base.The installation was easy and did n't have many steps to it at all . I think it took around 20 minutes for me . I immediately tried this out at my labor day bbq with about 10 people and cooked all kind of great things on it with many tools hanging from the fold out tray slots on the weber q200 . I also used the bottom grate to hold condiments and extra things . I states it has 2 slideout trays for holding these things , but I may be blind and have not discovered them yet . I do n't believe they actually exist.Overrall it is a great device and the tank holds in the slide nicely once you get in there . You kind of have to nudge it around until you can see that it is firmly in the half circle slot that it is supposed to sit on . Also make sure you plug the weber grill hider in correctly or it may come out at a later time .
 This base is much more stable than the portable one that came with our Weber Q 220 , and it includes the large propane tank hose . We are very satisfied .
 We have a very small patio attached to our condo , so a small grill was needed ; thus , we bought the Weber Q200 . For the grill we also purchased the Weber Q series stationary cart and this cover . The whole system , put together , makes this portable grill into look just like all the other grills , only it takes up much less space . The whole Weber Q series is highly recommended if you also are space limited and would like a grill of your own . Due to being portable , it is also perfect for taking on camping trips when detached from the stationary cart . Now we can cook steaks , burgers , and kabobs on our 5x8 patio and still have room for seating!Additionally , this cart is great if you plan to use the grill primarily at home . Buy the rolling travel cart if you plan to use it a lot for picnics and camping .
 This stand is ahandsome way to convert your portable weber grill into a standard height propane bbq . Once inserted you really ac n't tell that the grill is n't one piece , and it comes with all of the attachments necessary to conversion to using a full size propane tank . Only problem was that a piece was missing when the cart arrived , but one call to weber fixed that -LRB- they overnighted the part to me -RRB-
 nicely made , small , attractive , easy to assemble and fits very well with our Weber Q . Our first cart was destroy during a hurricane , so we were delighted that they were still making the same model .
 I must say all the reviews here are right on the money . Its sturdy , looks great and easy to put together , oh ya I did grab the grill handle instead of the cart handle not 2 minutes after I had it together.Being made of plastic I wonder how well it will hold the 40lb grill after a couple of winters since we grill all season long . I hope it does not get to brittle .
 The propane tank is perfectly hidden behind the plastic cover . Makes it a breeze to use the BBQ . Very nice stand ! Have gotten many compliments from friends and neighbors .
 This cart was easy to assemble . It turned out to be a stronger cart than we thought it would be . The rack on the bottom holds our utensils . what more can you want ?
 This cart is very nice and looks a lot snazzier than the rolling cart in my opinion . One word of caution
 This is a great cart ! Having used the portable cart with a friend 's Q , I decided wanted a cart with a bit more substance . Not only does the Stationary Cart look great and hide the big tank with style , it does n't wobble when you lean on it , open the lid , or clean the grill . Plus , it can be easily moved on a deck or patio , even with a full 20 # tank ; the grid at the bottom of the unit is reinforced to hold the big tank , which locks in place on the cart 's main support so the unit does n't tip when it 's moved . Plus , the directions to put it together are all done with pictures , which makes assembly a snap . So , why four stars ? This cart does n't offer places to hang your tools when it 's closed , unless you opt to use the storage area in the Q 's fold-out tables .
 I decided on this cart over the rolling cart and I am very pleased ... Very easy to assemble and very sturdy and looks cool . If you are docking your weber Q on your deck for a while . . this is the way to go . It looks cool while keeping the bigger gas cylinder out of sight . . NOTE
 It is a good stand , but I made the mistake of buying it for the Weber 100 grill . Only after it was put together did we realize it was not for the little grill . So , we bought the 200 to go with the stand , and gave it to Grandma , who wanted a new grill . Anyway , if you are looking for a stand for the Weber 100 , this in NOT the one .
 It 's a cart , so I 'll keep it short . - Assembly takes 10 minutes once you get the parts out of the box and you figure out what is what . - It is pretty sturdy . Holds the Q -LRB- about 40 lbs -RRB- , and a 20 pound tank without wobbling around or anything . - I have it on a concrete deck , so I do n't have to roll through `` terrain '' , but it 's got decent sized wheels and I do n't suppose it 'd be too difficult to roll through some grass . - It comes with the 20 lb . tank adaptor hose , so value wise , I think it 's a better deal than the folding cart which does n't include the hose and is much flimsier according to the reviews . - It could be a little taller ; I find the grilling height of the Q a little lower than in a similarly sized `` nonportable '' grill . Not a big deal -- it 's not like I 've got to slouch over or anything.It 's a perfect compliment to the Q to turn it into a backyard/deck grilling machine!Would give it an extra star if the cart were n't so expensive -LRB- I would imagine it should only really cost $ 40-50 and the folding cart should only cost about $ 30 or so in my mind -RRB- .
 note to buyer -- this is NOT for the baby Q , it 's only for the Q. much to my displeasure , had to jerry-rig it a little to fit the baby Q. guess i should have read the descrip more carefully . but it was pretty easy to put together and it is quite sturdy .
 I 've owned my Q200 for over a year , and had always used it on the picnic tables that my apartment complex provided . Well , I moved away ... and could n't take the table with me . Now I live in a house , with a deck , and did n't really want to take up my table space with the grill , so I decided to give the stationary cart a try . I ca n't say enough good things about it . It puts the Q200 at a perfect working height , makes the whole assembly -LRB- grill , propane tank , etc. -RRB- easy to move , and it looks good . The cart is also surprisingly sturdy for being made of plastic . It 's another quality product that bears the Weber name .
 I 've had the cart for about two months now and I would definitely recommend it . Sure it seems a little pricey for what it actually is , but it does compliment the grill , is very sturdy and just looks good . Like a couple others have said it would of been nice if the handle on the cart stood out a little more . Whenever I go to move it I make sure I double check to make sure I have the one on the cart , not the Q itself . Only four stars because it really could use somewhere to store/hang utensils .
 I was under the impression the grill was bolted into the cart . I did not receive bolts and do n't see a problem . The bolts are not shown in the assembly instructions . The cart is very stable , and the Q200 fits snugly into the cart . Yes it 's a composite plastic , like Rubbermaid . My small rubbermaid shed is 10 years old , and looks new . What 's the problem with composite ? For tailgating , detach the 20 lb tank , and simply lift the Q200 out of the cart , and place the cart in the pickup , van , or even the trunk . Use small cylinders or bring the large tank . I remove the grates prior to any lifting . Why stress the handles ? Well worth the $ 20 difference over the rolling cart -LRB- after factoring in the cost of the included hose -RRB- . For those that say they can make this cart for $ 15 , send me two spares . I 'll send you the check . Plastic digital cameras cost $ 400 . Second point . I initially purchased the rolling cart from Sears , and the full length cover from Amazon . I then noticed the cover was for the stationary cart . I did n't carefully read the detail before ordering . I called Weber and was told it would fit the rolling cart , but would be big . There is no custom cover for the rolling cart . Too late to cancel the Amazon order , so I returned the unopened rolling cart to Sears , and ordered the stationary cart from Amazon . Order received in 3 days -LRB- with free shipping -RRB- . Third point . Close to $ 300 for the Q200 , cart and cover does seem expensive . However , some of us want a small footpoint , not a too large grill for our patio . This is the only small grill I 've seen that speaks quality . I compared this grill to the Weber 210 -LRB- comparable dollars -RRB- , and liked this grill better . Consumer Reports rates this grill very highly . After reading the article , I returned my unopened baby Q to Target , and purchased the Q200 .
 I do n't often -LRB- never -RRB- write reviews or comments on items I 've bought but I got so much useful information from the reviews here before I bought my grill and cart that I thought that maybe my views might also be helpful to some prospective buyer.I ca n't add much to the good reviews already given to this item other than to say that there are brass threaded inserts in the plastic parts where bolts are inserted during assembly rather than just threading them into the plastic framework . This helps make the cart more rigid and stronger which will be good if it gets moved around much.I admit I sort of laughed at those who mentioned grabbing the handle of the grill rather than the cart handle . However , after assembling my grill and cart in the garage I managed to grab the wrong handle when I attempted to move it to the patio . The grill handle is right where you expect a handle to be - the cart handle is down and in and not as accessable as it should be if you are going to move it around much . Now that I 've done it once it probably wo n't happen again.Seems like the perfect cart for the Weber grill - after I 've used the grill some more I 'll have an opinion on that too probably .
 My husband bought this cooker to take with us camping but we 've used it just as much at home than camping because we love the way it cooks so evenly and effortlessly ! This is a go anywhere cooker , not clunky , or dependant on an outlet like many other fryer baskets . It 's lightweight , compact , and so versatile , it really does the job ! The large fry basket will hold a mess of battered fresh fish for a crowd ! This is a super multi-purpose cooker that is lightweight , easy clean-up , sturdy set-up , and heats super hot and evenly ! We were pleased to find that the base of the cooking ring fit our 14.5 '' cast iron Lodge skillet perfectly ! So now we have the oversized cooking burner we 've been wanting so we can cook up breakfast potatoes and onions ! This is an OUTDOOR ONLY cooker , and keeps your mess and clean up to a minimum . We love this cooker and will enjoy the heck out of it!RECOMMENDED !
 I 'm used to using a teflon coated electric griddle that has much more space than the Baby Q Griddle . Cooking eggs and pancakes on the cast iron proved challenging and everything cooked much faster -LRB- too fast , at first -RRB- . The lack of a drain hole made cooking the bacon very greasy . It got to the point where I had to remove the bacon , remove the griddle , dump the grease and continue cooking . On the PLUS side the griddle fits perfectly and the included chrome handles make removing the griddle safe and effortless .
 This is what you would expect from Weber - good , solid quality ! The griddle fits perfectly on the grill with the lid open or closed , this is a plus since it can be stored in the grill when not in use . The griddle worked great for bacon , ham and pancakes . I had problems trying to cook eggs on it since the surface is quite rough and they tended to stick . I 'm hoping that once the griddle is cured and with the right amount of oil it will work better .
 I had purchased this for our football tailgates - we had another griddle but it did not fit the Weber Baby Q well -LRB- it was too large -RRB- . I opted to buy the griddle made especially for the Baby Q and am very pleased . The handles it comes with is ingenious - to allow for cooling . We just lift and set on the ground while ready to grill our other items.Works great with pancakes , egg breakfast sandwiches ! Would recommend to anyone who likes to tailgate and also make breakfast !
 The griddle is the perfect size for the Q100 & Q120 grills . Keep in mind that it does not completely cover the entire grilling surface from front to back but is a perfect fit from side to side . Solidly constructed , it should provide many years of use .
 This griddle is very useful , especially if you bring your grill to the camp site . The surface cooks evenly and if sufficiently heated does a good job.At first I thought it was solid cast iron but upon further inspection found that it has some kind of high temperature coating . My only criticism is that it is n't a more non-stick surface and food can be hard to clean off after use.The gee whiz factor is great when you whip it out around other people who have the little stamped metal travel grills . This item really rounds out the Baby Q 's options .
 This grill is a must-have if you have the baby-q grill . Fits perfectly on the grill and easy to clean . If you like sausage and peppers -- the veggies turn out perfectly ! Any side veggie is awesome on this grill . The ideal add-on for anyone buying the baby-q grill -- which is the best grill around !
 Just got to use the Weber Baby Q griddle . It worked great . The only complaint I have is that it could be bigger . It covers just a little over half of the available grill area . More would be better.Other than that , the design is excellent and it works great .
 I 've used this griddle several times and it 's been an excellent product . When I received it the first thing I did was to season it just like a cast iron skillet . Since then it has cooked beautifully . I do n't see any sticking to foods like meats , potatoes , eggs , and veggies . Although I have n't tried pancakes , I do n't think sticking will be a problem . It cooks pretty evenly across the entire surface and cleans up with just water and paper towel . I love it !
 A great grill accessory , used it to fix pancakes and bacon , did a great job.A very fine product .
 I am very happy with the product . The fact that you can open and close the lid with it on is terrific.I used it for making breakfast , heating small tortillas and cooking ham . It worked great.I wish it was configured to cover the left or right half rather than going across . There is little space left to use if you need it on my Baby Q.Overall a great product . Weber is the best by far over any other grill or grilling product , you get what you pay for ... Bill Z.
 We have used this item extensively as we take our grill on camping trips and also on beach house vacations . It works very , very well ... the only thing that would make it better is if Weber would make it a little bigger -LRB- to cover more of the grill space , and be able to cook more food at once . -RRB- It heats very evenly , food does not stick to it , it cleans up easily , and the handles are convenient . We store it right on the grill to make it easy for traveling . We 've been very satisfied with the item , and would definitely recommend purchasing it for those items that ca n't be cooked right on the grill -LRB- bacon , eggs , pancakes , etc. . -RRB-
 Received the griddle in a timely fashion as we wanted to use it on a camping trip . Took a little time to get griddle to the temp . we wanted but everything we cooked on it that weekend came out great ! Loved the product and love shopping at the big `` O '' !
 This one of a kind Coleman Portable Bug Zapper will make your evenings more enjoyable . No more cords to mess with . Great by the fire or by the front porch . This portable , rechargeable bug zapper goes just about anywhere to keep the bugs at a distance all night long . The best part is that it comes with a remote control -LRB- not pictured -RRB- so you never have to go near the bugs again .
 We recently `` downsized '' the lawn area of our backyard to a 16 ' x 22 ' area and wanted something light weight and compact to mow the yard with . After reading the reviews on Amazon , we decided to take a chance on the Worx 16-Inch Electric Lawn Mower . My husband LOVES THIS MACHINE ! It was our first mowing after having new sod put in and the lawn was pretty long but it mowed like a dream ! He has no complaints whatsoever with it in anyway . He said it went together without any problems -LRB- read your manual prior to assembling and you wo n't have the problems others have mentioned !!! -RRB- . We were equally surprised that it came with a two year warranty ! Its a great buy and a great lawn mower . We highly recommend it !
 I was in search of a mower that I could handle on my own . My husband is n't very helpful with the yard stuff ! So , after struggling for years with a huge gas mower I decided to start shopping for something to make my life easier . After lots of research , I chose the Worx electric mower . I was totally thrilled when i opened the box and found the majority of the mower built for me . I quickly snapped a few things together and off I was to try this funky looking mower . It looks like something my 7 year old son would want ... very futuristic ! It is very easy to handle -LRB- once you adjust to the extension cord that you have to keep track of ... that 's very new to me -RRB- . After a few passes , I think I mastered it . This mower is easy to handle and gets into places that my old mower could n't reach . I ca n't say enough about how great it is . The lawn looked fabulous and I look forward to my next mowing . I also found it very easy to store in my shed ... takes up very little space . This was a super purchase and I would highly recommend this mower to anyone that has an appropriate sized yard for an electric mower .
 I am a woman over 60 who lives in a mobile home . This 16 inch mower is perfect ! It stores nicely , but the ease with which it cuts is amazing . I love the basket to catch grass . It was a bit difficult to snap together , but a neighborman helped and now I can cut my lawn with little effort . Great product .
 The Electric lawn mower from Worx was very easy to assemble . It cuts the grass very well and is very easy to adjust the height . I highly recommend this product .
 This is a great product for individuals looking for a basic mower . It runs just as well as a Black and Decker corded mower , yet its cheaper . I like the styling and performance.A great buy !
 This cool looking little mower has plenty of power , is well built and super easy to operate . So much so , now my girlfreind likes to mow the lawn.Another plus is that it 's a lot quiter -LRB- and lighter -RRB- than gas mowers , so mowning early in the morning is now big deal . The only downside is the cord , which is only a problem if you had a large lawn.I would recomend this product .
 We are satisfied with the Worx 13-AMP 16-Inch electric lawn mower . We chose this model because it 's small , and it fits in the limited space we have in our shed . The handle folds for easy storage . It moves easily over the lawn , is not too heavy , and mows and mulches effectively . The cord is somewhat cumbersome , but we consider that annoyance preferable to having to deal with gasoline . The mower is noisier than we expected , but otherwise we are pleased with the machine . Also , the delivery time was amazing -- the day after I ordered it .
 I works without problems . It was easy to asemble except the grass cacher took some time to figer out how to get to snap together .
 We own a house in the NC mountains . We go up there about 2 times/month in the summer . Most of the property is wooded , but we have about 500 to 1000 square feet that needs mowing . I have never owned an electric mower before , but thought that it might be a good idea here . It was . I do n't have to worry about storing gasoline or changing oil or any of the other things associated with a gasoline engine . Putting the grass catcher together was something of a pain , but it was not too bad . This thing works very well for what I have . I would not want to try to cut a half acre yard with it or a yard that has a lot of high weeds . Be certain to get an extension cord that is heavy enough to carry sufficient current to the motor . Larger wheels would be a help , but the light weight helps when you are in a hilly area and have to pick the thing up to move it to another plateau .
 I 've only used it once so far . It 's about what I expected . Did a decent job cutting the grass at the highest setting -LRB- 2-3/4 '' -RRB- . Putting it together was n't so bad ; as others have said snapping the grass collection bag together was the hardest part , but after about 15 minutes I got it all together . It 's possible to fold the handle forward so it stores in a fairly compact form.The main drawback is exactly what you 'd expect for a corded electric mower - you have to keep moving the cord so you do n't run over it . It 's a pain when you first start out , or are trying to go around trees and stuff . Once you settle into a pattern however it 's not that bad . And I have a small lawn , so it 's not a big deal . I would rather deal with the inconvenience of a cord , versus have to store gasoline with little kids around , and put out multiple cars ' worth of emissions from a small gasoline engine .
 Fairly simple to assemble , had a little challenge with the grass catcher but no big deal ! I was able to cut even knee high patches of grass with this awesome mower . Do order the extension cort with the mower however ; your nearest outlet is always further away than you think!Tough enough for a man and efficient enough for a woman !
 I live in the city so that means very little space and a very little yard but even the small ones need mowing . I just got my WORX today , took me all of 30 minutes with two kids , 3 and 1 1/2 yrs old , `` helping . '' I read previous reviews that said the grass catcher was hard to impossible to put together but mine snapped into place with a little elbow grease and slight deviation from the manual ... started at the front and worked my way around.I have n't used mine yet but I borrowed my neighbors a few times which is what made me want to get one for myself . Compared to the gas mowers I have used before this one is light , easy to maneuver , powerful , a breeze to start , relatively easy on the ears and easy to store . You might think it awkward with how long the WORX looks in the picture but the handle folds down about one third of the way down so it saves a bunch of space . Of course I 'm writing this kind of based of the WORX lawn mower next door and not the one in my shed -LRB- performance-wise -RRB- but they are the same model so I feel comfortable writing this review without having used the one that I bought yet . Think of this as a general product review and not a specific experience review.Happy mowing !
 I owned another brand electric mower and liked it very much . It was easy because the handle flipped making turns easy . This WORX handle does not flip but I love it . The grass `` bag '' holds a lot and I use the grass clippings for deep mulch . It is the only thing that keeps this Virginia `` wire grass '' out of my plants . It cuts a smaller swath but is so lightweight that it 's great !
 This Mower is a great little unit . I have used it 4 times already and it is a pleasure not to have to deal with gas cans . I fold it up and it fits in my small deck storage box , so no need to find a spot in the garage and track in any remaining grass .
 My gas mower died and I decided to go electric since I have a small yard within easy reach of an AC outlet . I 've used it once and am impressed . It 's lightweight and easy to push . I like the plastic grass catcher which is easier to empty than a cloth one and can be easily hosed out . It appears to be well-made and I like the styling.My first unit was defective . A weld which is used to adjust the height of the front wheels was broken . Amazon replaced it promptly with no hassles .
 I 've always used gas mowers in the past , so it 's been difficult getting used to watching for the extension cord , especially when going around trees . The mower itself was a little louder than I expected , and a little more difficult to push as well . But it works fine for my small yard , and I 'm happy not to have to worry about having gas on hand .
 I just got this mower today . Setting up the mower is a breeze . Just as others mentioned in previous reviews , the grass catcher was tricky to assemble . After fiddling with it for a good 10min -LRB- with the help of my wife -RRB- , we managed to put it together . Do one snap at a time . Push both sides hard with the top part slightly lipping over the bottom part . The snap will start bulging out . Then apply pressure with your thumb on the top of the seam where the snap is until you hear a click . Once we found this trick , we finished it off in no time.I immediately took the mower for a test run . First , there is a handle on the mower that allows me to pick it up with one hand . I am not a big man - 5ft 7in , 140lb . Second , I like the safety design of the start button . You have to press down the start button then grab the switch lever to start the motor . Third , the mower was easy to push and I did not feel any vibrations from the motor . The mower was highly maneuverable . I made tight corners ; I dragged it backwards . In fact , it was so easy to move it in any direction that I actually enjoyed pushing it around . Fourth , I have a small yard -LRB- approx . 2000 sq ft. -RRB- It took me less time to mow than using a gas mower even though I had to make a few more runs -LRB- 16in cut vs 20in -RRB- . Fifth , it did a decent cutting and mulching job . Sometimes , I could hear the motor slowing down . I thought it was going to stall . I kept pressing on and it did not stall !! Sixth , beware , the height adjustment allows it to mow very close to the ground . I started with the height adjustment setting too low.The only complaint that I have is that the instruction diagram should be bigger.Overall , this is an amazing compact mower and I love it so far . I hope it will be a durable mower .
 This little beauty is powerful and quiet . We ran it on a 100ft 12-gauge cord and it really does the trick.Assembled it in minutes without the manual . Tip
 This mower works great with the 13 Amp motor while most brands feature 12 Amps . The size -LRB- 16 '' -RRB- allows it to fit beside the car in a standard two car garage . There were only two things that I disliked about this mower . Putting the catcher together is very difficult . The other is that the height adjuster does n't quite go high enough for tall grass . The mulcher attachment works great . I would buy this mower again .
 The Worx electric mower is a great product . The mower is the best alternative to using a gas powered mower . This is a perfect little unitfor my small yard .
 with the exception of dragging the cord around behind you , this little mower is perfect . Its very quiet and lightweight . Its prefect for little lawns !
 Length :
 Love how its so easy to use and built well . Adjusting height and emptying plastic bagger is a breeze .
 I bought gthis mower and used it for a year when the switch failed . After reading numerous reviews describing how awful the customer service was , I called WORX with trepidation . To my surprise , they not only gave me no hassle for not having bought it directly from WORX , but they shipped me out a BRAND NEW MOWER -LRB- it arrived today ! -RRB- . Wow !!!!
 Good lawnmower - easy to use , light , etc. . If you do not need to collect your clippings , I would highly recommend this mower . It is well-designed and easy to use , start , adjust cutting height , etc. . If you do need to collect your grass clippings , well , that 's the only drawback . Ours did not ` clip ' together as intended and now the grass clippings have a hole to blow thru when being collected-Meaning my legs turn green -LRB- not a pretty sight -RRB- ! Assembly wise , I spent about 5 mins putting everything else together but the grass catcher took over 30 mins and it still did n't go go together as intended . You simply ca n't get the force needed to lock in the clips because the plastic is too flimsy and bends when you try to lock it . We succeeded in getting the sides together but none of the back clips would go in . It 's obvious that designers were used in the creation of this product , but they also should have done an assembly test on the grass catcher . It truly was the most difficult piece to assemble and the plastic is too light/flimsy for the catcher to go together as it should . I see that as a Design and Engineering flaw . Other than that , I would highly recommend this Mower .
 We are very happy with our lawnmower . It has a nice ergonimic design and is much higher quality than some of the other electric mowers we tried out . Love the mulching feature . You ca n't even see the mulch and is great for the grass . It is quieter than gas powered and more compact . Just make sure you have a heavy duty power cord to plug it into . We were using an older extension cord and the mower did n't work propoerly . Bought a brand new cord and have n't had any problems since .
 This is a great little mower . I admit , I was a little skeptical to purchase on line especially since I had never seen one in the stores , however , this is a GREAT little mower . It is easy to assemble , easy to push and maneuver , and it gives a good clean cut . My grass in some spots was a good 7 '' high and this mower went through it like it had a job to do ! I have to admit , I will have to get use to the cord , but for the convenience and just to know that it is ready whenever I need to mow ... I Love It!Before this I had a Black & Decker , cordless electric . I have to say more often than not it lost it 's power before I was even finished mowing the back yard and had to wait to charge it before I could do the front . The Black & Decker was left on the curb ... and my new Worx in now in the shed taking up half the space !
 Compared to other similarly-priced mowers this one is a great value ... a little more power for a little less money . I also like that there 's no mesh bag that would send dust toward the person using it . Snapping the grass catcher together is a bit of a trick as other reviewers have noticed , but I had it together with a friend in less than two minutes -LRB- and its a one-time thing -RRB-
 Ok , I confess . I was a bit skeptical , especially when I realized the Worx electric mower was only 16 '' wide -- I 'm replacing a 20 '' Snapper . Even a little more skeptical when I pulled it out of the box -- I never , ever imagined a lawn mower could appear like something half space-ship , half cartoon in real life and still do a decent job -- but it looks very cool and modern ! Then I noticed those familiar styled little plastic wheels that used to adorn my kids ' Big Wheel trikes -- another strike . Finally , I flustered trying to `` snap '' together the 2-piece plastic grass-catcher . But not to worry -- really , this is a `` positive '' review.Once I got over all that and pulled the machine out onto my small urban front and back lawn , all doubts blew away.The Worx 16-inch mower `` works '' like a dream -LRB- could n't resist that -RRB- . The 16 '' swath it cut was just right for my two 12x15 ' patches of grass . The 13 amps were perfect to cut my overgrown semi-wet grass without any trouble at all . I was relieved to discover the mower engine has a not-too-loud blower sound a little like a turbine . That seems to be less obnoxious than other electric mowers reviewed on Amazon . And the cutter deck height was simple to change with their single lever 6-height adjustment feature.I stored the catcher untouched in my small garage . Using the mulcher attachment , most of the grass easily & cleanly worked its way back into the lawn with little obvious mess . About only thing that needs improvement here is use of a small black plastic clip to hold the attachement in . I 'm sure that will eventually be lost.As far as the `` Big Wheels '' go -- I wish it had real rubber ones , but so far the mower performance has eclipsed any complaints I might have had initially . I also am not impressed with their catcher -- I 'd much rather see a 1-piece molded plastic version on future models.So , as of its first use , I love my new mower and have happily laid my old smoking Snapper to rest . I 'll report back after the summer has past with my final evaluation.UPDATE JULY 2 , 2011 -- Its ' still working and does a great job . It 's been several years and I just wanted to let you know our mower is still working absolutely perfectly . Even the plastic `` Big Wheel '' wheels have done fine . I 'd buy it again .
 I 'll try to keep this short and simple ... Before I got the Worx mower I purchased the Black & Decker MM875 19 '' Lawn Hog -LRB- corded -RRB- - used it once - and returned it the next day . Not what I was expecting or hoping for ... I purchased the Worx 13-amp 16-Inch Electric Lawn Mower #WG 712 on Amazon . Right out of the box when compared to the Black & Decker it is better looking machine . The Worx is lighter and smaller making it a lot easier to use and maneuver . Yeah , it is only a 16 inch blade , but combine that with 13 amps -LRB- instead of the Black & Decker 12 amp motor on a 19 '' blade -RRB- and you get plenty of cutting power . I figure because it was so easy to maneuver around various landscape boulders and such , it ended up being just as quick as a larger machine.The Worx height adjustment was well sprung and easier to use since it had a large knob that was right on top of the machine - and it is numbered - unlike the Black & Decker . In general I thought the Black & Decker was bigger and heavier than it needs to be making it harder to maneuver . The Black & Decker 's height adjustment on the front side wheel was n't very convenient and it was n't numbered . Further , the Black & Decker did n't cut as short as I 'd like . The Worx cuts down to '' . At 12 amps the Black & Decker appeared to have sufficient power - but did slow down on a number of areas on my lawn.Looking at both machines from underneath , the Worx has a double-lined body that covers the blade area - the Black & Decker did not . If something was to go really wrong with one of these two machines , the Worx appears to have a stronger/safer build to stop debris from cracking the body or making its way through.Another big difference between the two is the grass hopper . On the Worx it is hard plastic and hangs above the ground behind the mower - It does not drag on the ground . Pull up and back and it 's off the mower . Dump the grass into a bag or trash can - bang on it to get all the all grass out , snap back on . It even has a little window so you can see how full it is . Very easy to take off , dump and put back on . The Black & Decker has a mesh bag that I found harder to use - just taking off and putting back on . Also , because it 's a mesh bag when I went to empty the thing it tended to collapse as I tried to dump out the grass . Not like I can bang on it to get out all the grass , so you got ta ' shake it out . Further the Black & Decker bag tended to drag while attached to the mower and based on the label sewn to the bag - it 's expected that it will wear out and need to be replaced - The Worx hard plastic hopper looked like it would never wear out.Overall cut quality is fine on both machines , but hands down the Worx is a much better machine for me . The Worx is lighter , more powerful , well built and easy to push and adjust - just easier to use , plus I 'm helping the environment .
 I was hesitant to buy this , as I have a 0.65 acre lawn , and thick grass . But I liked that with a Worx one did n't have to buy gas and oil , did n't have to worry about being a loud noisy neighbor , and did n't have to worry about yanking , yanking and yanking to start a mower up -LRB- even those `` easy to start '' mowers - I 've always had to yank several times to start - maybe my method/style of pulling that cord is n't `` proper . '' -RRB- . I read reviews of battery operated mowers and corded electric mowers and decided on the corded version.So I bought the Worx 13 . It mows like a dream . Even with thick , tall -LRB- a bout a foot tall -RRB- , damp grass . In fact there were several times in the thick grass that I know if I had a gas mower it would 've stalled and I would be out there pulling on its cord to get it going . The Worx never stalled - oh it strained a few times , but it cut and mulched that thick , tall , damp grass nonetheless . With one pass . One reason I went for the Worx 13 is that it had the most power , and I 'm glad I did.It 's lightweight . The heaviest weight is the 100 ' cord I am dragging behind me!For those that complain about the dead man switch -LRB- you have to hold the bar down for the mower to stay working -RRB- , I love that it has such a safety feature . Plus , it is n't all that hard to hold down , you got to grip the handle to move the mower anyway , and you only need one hand to hold down the bar - I switch off which hand is holding the bar down to keep from getting tired , not that it takes a strong grip to hold it down in the first place.It 's relatively quiet . I do n't worry about hearing loss . I do n't worry about the neighbors being disturbed . I can actually hear myself think , or my cellphone going off . I can hear the train in the distance . I can even hear near-by birds . Try doing all that with a gas mower.It cuts close to the edge - not like the battery operated models where the blade is actually an inch to a few inches away from the edge of the mower . I can mow right up against the brick wall of our patio , leaving very little grass uncut right against the wall -LRB- sometimes it gets all of the grass , even the grass growing right up against the wall -RRB- . Reduces time with weedeater.You do n't have to breathe in toxic fumes . Or buy gas . Or oil . You can mow without wondering if you have enough gas in the tank to finish the job . You just mow until you are done . And if you need to stop , it 's a breeze to start up again.I use it to mow 0.65 acres , it does the job - a better than the gas mower I used before.True , you need to start near the outlet and mow outward so as to not mow over your cord . True , I had to search just a little bit at Walmart to find a 100 ' electric outdoor cord that was rated high enough for the mower -LRB- get one rated for 15 amps , NOT 10 amps -RRB- - took me an extra 5 minutes to find the right cord as most were only rated for 10 amps . True , I needed to use a bungee cord to help keep the extension cord plugged into the Worx 13 's plug . That 's my biggest complaint . Hey Worx - you all need to design some simple way to help folk keep their extension cord hooked to the Worx ! There is some silly little plastic thingie on the Wrox that is theoretically there to help , but it 's of little use . But the small bungee cord works great . I have entire mowing sessions where I have no problem at all -LRB- a few sessions I do have the extension cord unplug from the Worx cord - when I am stretching the cord to its limit -RRB- . But compare to the cons of a gas mower - at least for me , the Worx 13 is better , I much rather mow with it.Addendum , November 2009 . It has been almost 2 years , and my Worx Electric Lawn Mover still mows like a dream . Not too often in today 's world with companies apparently abandoning quality control left and right to buy something of quality , and to have it still working two years later -LRB- oh , that all could be like my Signature TV - still working fine after almost 25 years -RRB- . Increasingly I am opening boxes to items D.O.A. , or which cease functioning after only a few months . Over two years and the Worx works . No issues . No problems . Just works . I wish I could give this more stars .
 Wow . What can I say ? This amazing mower works extremely well . I researched this mower for a couple of months and read multiple reviews . I wanted to purchase the Bosch lithium mower or the RoboMower but the Bosch is not for sale in the states yet and the RoboMower is very expensive . I was skeptical at first because the reviews suggested this mower for small yards . Regardless , I took a chance and bought a 100 ' 12 gauge , 13 amp extension cord . My lot is over 8000 square feet and has a large front yard with an even larger backyard and multiple trees throughout . On top of that , the grass had not been cut for over two months . A true test for a little 16 incher . It cut the grass , twigs , and weeds with ease and the grass box made the whole job a breeze.It 's light weight makes it very manuverable and the push button start up is fantastic.The lack of fumes , gas , cord pulling , and loud noise levels make this mower extremely efficient and dare I say ... fun.My Father was very skeptical against an electric mower . He came by , saw it in action and left extremely impressed.Yes it has a cord but if you can handle a vacuum cleaner , you can handle the Worx.Not only does it perform it 's job but it 's a bad looking little M.F. as well . : -RRB-
 It took me 10 minutes to assemble , including the grass catcher . I was outside mowing in 15 and done in an hour.It 's a bit heavier than I expected and the grass catcher makes it trickier to maneuver than my old electric , but I like it . It cut through my thick , ugly crabgrass on the lowest setting in no time . I 'm looking forward to trying it with the mulcher rather than the grass catcher , just to see the difference . -LRB- But my lawn 's so short right now , I think it will take a while . -RRB-
 I just received the WORX WG712 16 '' corded electric lawn mower yesterday and to put your mind at ease it is very easy to set up . It took me about fifteen minutes to uncrate it and get it ready to use.I agree with others that the grass catcher is the most challenging part to assemble but again it was pretty easy . The challenge is to be able to get a grip that enables you to push the top and bottom halves together forcefully enough at each clip point . I just sat with it in my lap and starting at the front -LRB- open end -RRB- worked on each clip point moving towards the back -LRB- closed end of the catcher -RRB- . In about five minutes of patient work the catcher was ready to go.Since my neighbor had kindly just cut most of my grass I only had a very small test patch for my initial cut trial . I can say it was a synch to operate , easy to handle and did a nice job . Happily I have a very small lawn area -LRB- my wife is an avid gardener -RRB- so this small mower is perfect for the job . No mess , little noise , and easy to operate and store . It 's just what I was looking for!Why not five stars ? Well it is too soon for me to say it 's perfect but it is the best mower I have seen for my needs . By the end of the summer it may have earned that final star . It seems to have the potential .
 The mower was bought from AMAZON.COM.This is my second time buying this mower . I bought my first one also from AMAZON.COM almost 3 years ago . I am a retiree and my heart is weak . I chose this mower mainly because it is light . PRO for this type
 Perfect size for my small yard yet powerful enough to get the job done , no gas power , no mess , quite , foldable to I can store it in my garage without taking too much space . Highly recommend to buy an extra blade from Amazon -LRB- will run you around an extra 20 bucks -RRB-
 I got this to replace a 20 '' gas mower which was becoming difficult to start ; also wanted a smaller footprint for storage which is primarily why I went for the 16 '' Worx . It is extremely easy to assemble except for the grassbox
 I 've owned a Black & Decker electric lawnmower first , and then a Sears Craftman electric lawnmower but after using my son 's Worx Electric Lawnmower I was convinced that this is the mower for me . It comes with a grass catcher -LRB- molded not fabric -RRB- that is easily fitted in back of the mower which is a plus . The 13 Amp motor has more than enough power to drive the 16 inch blade . I had no problem cutting through 3 to 4-inch tall grass using the lowest 3/4 inch height cut . -LRB- The mower has 6 position heights -RRB- . The motor is much quieter than a gas driven mower and the starter button and power control lever are within easy reach of your fingers . The Worx is compact and light enough that I found it was easy to manuever around the lawn , and with the collapsible handle can be conveniently stored in a small area . No smelly fumes and irritating loud noise . No messy oil and gasoline mixtures to content with . Just plug and go !
 My husband is ill , so cutting the yard is now my job . This electric mower is perfect for me because I have never been able to pull the cord to start our gas mower . This mower is easy to start , and use . It is also light compared to the gas mower . The assembly was easy for me . The power cord was slightly damaged when I removed lawn mower from box , but wire was not damaged . I decided to try it before making a decison on whether or not to return . So , I purchased a 100 ft 13 amp extension cord took the Worx outside and plugged it in . I started it up , and away I went . It was great . I will wrap cord with electrical tape rather than go through hassle of returning . It would be nice if it was wider than 16 inches . The cord came out once , but I did a minor adjustment and then everyting was fine . I found it easier to handle than the cord on my vacumn cleaner . I did not use grass catcher , mulcher , etc. . The grass in my front yard was very tall with wild tangled plants growing . Hope to cut the back yard this weekend.Only concern now is if I need service . Is there a company that services the Worx ?
 This is a very decent electric mower . It does n't make too much noise and clean up is pretty easy . I like that the handle folds down so it has a smaller storage footprint . I would n't mind if there was an even smaller version , though , since my lawn is pretty small .
 I have had this mower for about a year . We downsized our home and I wanted to go green and get away from messing with oil and gasoline . This mower has worked like a champ from day one . Yes , that plastic grass bag is a bit tricky to assemble but you only need to do this once . I like that fact that the grass catcher does not drag on the ground . It 's plastic rigid construction keeps it above ground at all times . This mower is light weight and stores nicely with it 's fold-up handle . Height adjustment could not be easier . Week to week I just plug it in and go . It cuts my lawn evenly . My neighbor commented on how nice my lawn looks afterwards.Just last week I noticed a small crack on the upper handle where it 's pressed to fit the lower handle . I called Worx about the problem . They shipped a new replacement mower . What else could I ask for ?
 This is an excellent machine and I would recommend it to anyone looking for a lawnmower . The price I paid was just right as well .
 I 've had this mower about a month and used it for the first time this week . It is everything and more that was advertised . It breezed through my yard , and even cut the shade grass which is tall and thick this time of year . It never bogged down , it could n't be easier to start -LRB- push a button and squeeze the handle -RRB- , it uses no gas or oil , there 's no maintenance other than cleaning.While I was mowing , my neighbor came over to see it . He was impressed.This mower will accomplish everything I wanted . Easy to use . We have a lot of ozone days here , and this will allow me to do my part to ease the pollution a tiny bit.Great product . Highly recommended .4 / 1/09 -1 Year update-As I was doing my yard spring cleaning today , it reminded me how much I like my WORX mower . After a full year of mowing , it runs and looks like new . Do n't be afraid to use it . I pull about 2-3 39 gal bags of Bermuda grass clippings off my yard each week . This mower has plenty of power . It has never bogged down , and now that I have figured out how to work with the cord , it takes less time to mow than with a gas mower.My WORX mower has turned out to be some of the smartest money I ever spent .
 Fast delivery and reasonably easy assembly . Those clips on the grass catcher are easy ... once you get the hang of it . Worx works great - I have the blower vac too . Lightweight , easy to handle , cuts well and a lot of grass fits in the catcher . Really like the ergonomic handles , and the super easy start , and the simple height adjustment - saves backache and the manicure . Fairly quiet too .
 I am a women approching the 60 year mark and found that this mower is pretty easy to use . It has no trouble mowing tall grass that is still kinda wet and does n't bog down like other mowers I 've used . Not real crazy about the handle but love the plug in and go feature ...
 I read the other reviews and decided to go with the Worx electric mower even though it was a brand I had never heard of before . I 'm very happy.It was a snap to put together except for that # $ % ^ # $ grass catcher . The other reviewers were dead on - I was ready to throw that thing in the trash . Luckily , once it is put together , it stays together and is extremely easy to remove and empty . Actually , it is MUCH easier than all the other bag mowers I have had before.I have a standard size front and back yard and it mows it beautifully . Very light weight mower ; makes turning corners , backing up , etc. very easy . Easy to store . It only takes a couple of times before you get your pattern down with the extension cord . It was actually a lot easier than I thought.My absolute favorite feature ? Push one button and you 're mowing . No gas , no oil , no charging , no fighting with the pull cord . LOVE THAT ! If you have any back or neck problems , this mower is for you.All in all , it exceeded my expectations . I prefer this mower over my last mower which was a heavy duty , self propelled gas mower with a bag . It just had too many start issues and was way to heavy for me.THANKS WORX !
 I used it twice and so far it works fine . Not sure about long time usage but while it is new I had no problem mowing my front and back yards lawns.The Worx is much lighter than my old gas powered lawn mower and easier to use . There is no noise but I had to be more careful with longer grass - it does not have same power as gas lawn mower .
 I have owned at least four previous electric mowers including a Sears and a Toro . This mower is by far the most powerful and satisfactory that I have used thus far . I was a little nervous about assembling the grass catcher after reading someone else 's review but I did it . Follow their directions though and , be advised , you need to push the two halves together pretty firmly . Once they click together , however , you 're in business . I love the close cut capability of this mower - it cuts much closer than any mower I have ever used so if you want to design your own putting green , this is the mower for you . This mower -LRB- almost -RRB- makes mowing your lawn fun !
 The Worx lawn mower is fairly simple to put together , simple to use , and stores conveniently . It is n't terribly loud , which is a good thing , yet powers through thick grass . The clippings catcher is nice because it has a `` window '' built into the bag for checking how full it is . As others have stated , this is a small lawn mower , so it would n't be practical for a lawn of greater than 1500 sg . ft. or so . The plug for the chord on this machine is more so convenient than other models I 've used , it 's flexible , and as is shown in pictures of the unit , it exists as a short chord attached to the handle . This makes maneuvering with an extension chord easier , as least for me . I think you 'll find this lawn mower a good value .
 When I bought this little lawn mower I thought it would be real hassle bagging the grass but amazingly the grass catcher is the easiest I 've ever used . Granted it does n't take much to fill it up but I almost like emptying it out.I have a quarter acre lot that became overgrown and it only took me a day to get the job done with a 16 '' mower ! I could start early because there is almost no noise coming from the machine . When you look underneath at the blades you have to wonder how something that looks like a fisher price toy can actually be accomplishing this work . The thing is very light and does n't need to be self propelled.I hope it is as reliable as it is functional ! If it stands up to time would be a home run product hands down .
 This is my first time writing a review for a product in Amazon eventhoughI have bought so many products from Amazon and never wrote a review even if its good!I got this product a week ago and I ca n't wait to open and see it so came home early just to open it . I 'm a new home owner and very exited to mow my lawn!I have to say I was pleased with the slick look and weight first of all . I started fixing it by looking at the manual . It was n't Rocket Science but I would say it can be better explained . Anyway it was a breeze mowing the lawn . My lawn is medium size and finished in less than 15 minutes . I have used Black n Decker 19inch -LRB- borrowed from my friend -RRB- and it was too heavy and difficult maneuver around my backyard and in my opinion did n't do a perfect job . Worx was only 16inch , weightless , easy to maneuver and finishes the job in no time perfectly !! . I was feeling like doing more as it was that cool . I would recommend to anybody who is skeptical to buy and use a lawn mower for the first time . The only reason I 'm giving 4 star is because I saw few scratches and paints gone in little amount and I suspected a refurbished being shipped to me . But I called the CustomerService and cleared that it was n't the case . I will have trust their words but that being said the product works great ! Go for it .
 First electric mower , I ordered mine thru Costco -LRB- on sale $ 199 no shipping charge -RRB- put together without directions with little problem , although I did need to break out the needlenose pliers to snap the grass catcher together -LRB- About 12 insert snaps -RRB- . I had mowed my front lawn about 4 days ago , so it was n't a problem , just getting used to the cord when I turn . The back lawn had about 3 weeks growth , and it did OK on it , but did bog down a few times , -LRB- I simply backed up and hit it again -RRB- and had to be dumped twice -LRB- bag/box removal very easy . I will try the mulch feature next week.Pro 's : Fairly Easy to put togetherlight weightworked good for my suburban yard -LRB- 600sqft front , 1000sqft back -RRB- Cons : cord gets in waysmall path means more passeswell see how well electric motor holds up -LRB- I expect 5-6 yrs -RRB- I 'm giving it 4 stars
 I have a small lawn and my colleagues suggested I buy an electric mower . Since winter is coming , I only mowed my lawn once . However , I had pretty long grass since I moved into my new house . This mower is powerful enough to cut them through without stalling . Also , it is small enough to store underneath the staircase in my garage . I just need to lower the handle and push it in . I brought a heavy duty 100ft extension cord and you do need to pay attention on how you mow the lawn .
 I have never written a review before even though I have bought many items from Amazon over the years , but this little lawn mower is top notch . I have a large front throw power mower that I have been using for many years . Last summer we put in a large deck in the back yard leaving only about a 10foot by 18 foot area with grass . Trying to use the front throw in that small area was almost impossible . I got this little guy about 5 weeks ago and it does as good if not better job than the big guy , and it is very easy to use . -LRB- I love it -RRB- I still use the big one in the front yard and probably will not use the Worx in the front . But for a small area you ca n't beat it .
 This mower is lightweight , compact , and extremely easy to use . The handle folds for easy storage . Not only is this easy for me to use , it 's more enviromentally friendly than those big , gas guzzling machines . Great for women !
 I have a small flat lawn and wanted a small , well-built mower to do the job . So far this product is everything I needed . The first time I cut with it the grass was pretty high so it had to work a little bit but now as long as I do n't let the grass grow too long between mows it works great . I do n't have much space in my garage so I like how this is small and easily folds down for storage . Assembly was fairly painless . It was delivered before the estimated delivery date . Because it 's electric , it is quieter , requires less maintenance , and does n't have gas fumes smell like a gas mower . I would give it 5 stars but I have n't had it long enough to say it 's long-lasting . But so far -LRB- 3 months -RRB- no problems
 Hi i 'm a disabled woman -LRB- wheelchair user full time -RRB- true I just recieved my Worx 13-Amp 16-Inch Electric Lawn Mower #WG 712 today and it worked just as I hope it would I live alone and my grass needed cutting badly so I looked up some info online and found this mower liked what I read and said I 'd give it a try so I mowed my own lawn today 4 the 1st time ever completly front and back I driver a power chair so I know your wondering how ? well it was easy I just held the mower with my left and and guided it as i drove behind it with my chair useing my right hand to drive my chair wow my neighbors were shocked to see me do it lol but i did and i 'm so proud and I love my new mower it was very easy to use and i had no trouble putting it together or getting the grass out of the holder in the back of it . I would recommend this mower .
 I purchased this lawnmower to keep in a shed in my backyard . It is perfect for the amount of grass that I have . It runs very quitely and does an excellent job cutting through the thick grass . It is also very light in weight . It can easily be picked up and moved around as the total weight is less than 40 pounds . It also has a nice feature of the handle folding down for storage . This feature will be great in the winter months when not in use . I would highly recommend this product . I think anyone who purchases it will be pleased .
 Worx is a very nice corded electric lawn mower . I really like the mulching feature and have never used the grass collector ; this is a real plus for me since it takes about 1.5 hours to do my garden . I works well on both my zoysia and `` normal NJ '' grass . It 's lightness makes easy work of the slope in front of the house . Managing the cord is a good trade of reduced power versus having a stinky , noisy , polluting gas mower.There was only two choices for big corded electric mowers for me living in NJ -RRB-
 Perfect in every way . Beautiful was given as a Christmas gift along with potted floral plant . Am going to buy one for myself . Love , love , love the planter .
 This metal sun is much more beautiful in person than it looks on the computer screen . The colors just pop out in the sunlight . I love the cut-out design of the face . This one has become one of my favorites in my sun collection .
 My long , rectangular , unused , cemented driveway is bordered by narrow gardening lanes . Moisture Master has been the answer to my frustration of efficiently , and safely irrigating my plants and vegetables , while conserving water . Prior to discovering this ` answer to my prayer ' , my options were two
 I looked at patio fires for a long time , some are $ 3,000 ! I ordered the firedancer , because it is 14 inches in diameter and will fit on my covered deck . I got the log set for the top , it really looks better with it . It is beyond what I expected . It does not get hot on the bottom . It crackles a bit like a fire , and the flames do dance and leap just like they say . I love it . It would be great for camping . It looks good even turned way down . The lid fits on nicely even with the log set . I recommend using a particle mask when handling the vermiculite . But the whole thing comes complete . You do have to buy a regular propane tank , they are about $ 25 . We use it near our propane BBQ , and just switch it over when we use it . Keeps you warm as well . I love toasting marshmallows over it . I do not recommend cooking with it . It would be very messy to clean , requiring changing out the vermiculite . So , it is for
 Super simple to set up AND use . Great valve allows for low flame or full flame . Becomes the center attraction at the camp site . Breaks the chill on a cool night and no smoke from a wood fire . When we are done we just put on the cap and right back in the box it came from . Very easy to store and travel with .
 We 're Very pleased with this little campfire , it hooks right up to a regular size propane tank -LRB- not limited to those tiny ones that nobody ever has around -RRB- and it creates a warm , cozy ambience virtually Anywhere . Patio , beach , porch , it 's portable and easy to carry , with its own handle , that easily screws onto the base without having to touch anything hot . It 's the best price for one of these , and we plan to build a stone table around it this Winter for patio parties even when it 's cold outside . The stones that are optional for it have been reprted to be kind of cheesy , so we 're going to get the real stones . Later we might get the log insert , but it really does n't need it . They sell `` fire pit glass '' rocks on eBay , and we might get some of those later for the colors.Poole & Sons are the distributors for this item , and they 're extremely good to work with , great communication and prompt shipping . We could n't be happier with our new Fire Dancer Campfire , and we Highly recommend it for everyone who loves a small campfire on chilly nights , but ca n't deal with smoke , hunting for wood , endless fire re-stoking , and flying embers . This thing is Awesome !
 I opened the box , and was astonished at how small the unit was . No bigger in diameter than a standard dinner plate . I liked the quality and so I kept it . Once I hooked it up , I was really impressed . Most fire bowls have a burner `` ring '' which produces a flame similar to a kitchen stove burner . Steady and in the same position . This works on a totally different principle . It uses a single tube who 's outlet `` jets '' the gas into the little `` glass '' and `` fiberglass '' `` rocks '' that is provided for you to fill it with . The gas hits a `` ramp '' located by the tube outlet and causes the gas to flow in all sorts of directions routing it 's way up and out of the `` rocks '' . This makes for a flame that is constantly changing size , position , and intensity . Hence the name `` fire dancer '' . The flames actually do `` dance '' around similar to real wood . Add the ceramic logs , and you have a very cute , and somewhat realistic little fire pit . I do recommend it . Of ALL the many mini fire pits I searched on line and at the brick and mortar stores ... I am very pleased I chose this one ... and none of the others fit the bill as this thing does .
 Looks and works great at the campsite without having to haul wood and firestarters . I hooked up to the campers propane tank with an extended hose .
 the fire dancer arrived quickly and we have enjoyed it on out patio even though it was purchased for our RV .
 First of all , this gas campfire was shipped to me incredibly fast ! As in , I ordered in on a Monday and received it on Wednesday ! Now , the shipper is located only a state away , so that may explain it , but still ... I 've used it around 5 times so far and it works great . We made smores with it and just generally enjoyed a campfire while camping in a place that does n't allow wood fires.It 's small , but very easy to transport . The lids screws right down over everything and you can carry it by the lid handle . I also ordered the grill to use with it and that works fine too.All in all , I 'm glad I ordered it .
 One of the only things preventing me from camping right now are the current fire restrictions in place in the near by National Forests . Who wants to go camping without a campfire to sit or stand around after the sun sets ? So , I started looking for a solution to this problem and decided on the Fire Dancer . This was definitely the right decision ! It 's portable yet not too small . I love the fact that it 's self contained . The top screws on snugly using the carrying handle and the hose wraps nicely around the base . The coolest thing about this propane campfire is that fact that the flame actually dances . You can be mesmerized , like watching a real campfire ! The only reason i gave it 4 stars is because the ceramic log kit is cheesy , but I 'll use it for now .
 We love it ! We saw it last year at the camp ground . I got it for my B-day and enjoy the simple use and small size . When there is not fire pit or fires are not allowed that 's the winner !
 I would recomend this product for condo living and people who miss sitting around a fire . It is safe and looks like the real thing .
 This is the perfect gift for the outdoors person . It is especially good during dry summers when camp fires are prohibited , this can still be used . The fire dance portable gas campfire can also be used for cooking , just replace the fake logs with a grill - dual purpose is always nice when camping . Definetly recommend .
 My wife and I fell in love with this portable gas campfire ! We found the best way to go camping ... AT HOME ! It is simple to set up and put away and use ! We made smores our first time using it . A great way to enjoy the outdoors without the hassle of a traditional log fire . It is everything it claimed to be and more . I know we will have years of use and great memories !
 It works great , the only thing Ido n't like is the cheesy fake log , it would much better with the fake logs that come with gas fireplaces .
 bought this to use a campsite that did not allow wood fires . it performed well and was just what i expected . will use this winter outside when i sit outside and bar-b-que .
 I bought this because i did not want fires on my deck burning the wood this is great little fire pit . burns low or high just right for enjoying cool nights
 Use it at campgrounds all the time . Everyone likes it , wants to know how to get it . Lots of heat when on high . Just note if you turn off the gas , it takes time for fire to go out . Lots of gas in hose , so just make sure it 's set on stable surface and let fire burn completely out before stowing it !
 I love these cards , it makes it very easy to identify the birds in my backyard , very convenient to carry around
 although the wooden material could have been a little sturdier-the cart itself is very usefull-i use it for all garden chores as well as hauling other items such as garbage to the curb .
 I am delighted with my garden cart . It has made the work of hauling dirt or material so much easier . With the front piece essily removeable I can dump the material fast . It 's a great addition to my garden equipment .
 I was in need of a yard/garden cart for hauling wood , brush , gardening stuff , etc. as the wheelbarrow does n't work that well in all situations . I read all the reviews I could find on this cart ; some pro , some con , and decided to go for it . So far so good.The assembly was n't bad . The instructions were fairly explanatory and straightforward , and all the hardware was included . The welds on the metal parts were decent and the paint job was good on all parts . I decided to add flat washers to each bolt on the inside -LRB- against the plywood -RRB- to ensure that they did n't dig into or pull through the wood , and to provide a tight , solid hold . It helped to have an awl handy for lining up the holes when mounting metal frame pieces to the wooden sides and bottom . Assembly time was probably an hour.I would n't call this cart `` heavy duty '' but it certainly seems adequate for a good workout on our homestead . I have found it to be a pretty tough and versatile so far , at least for home use . I have used it for hauling firewood , brush , and yard waste , and it easily handles a hefty load . It seems pretty well balanced so it is n't too heavy on the handle when pushing/pulling loads . I am glad I did n't get the 14 cubic foot cart that I see is available ; I think it would be too big -LRB- and heavy -RRB- for many projects , and more difficult to navigate in wooded areas.Time will tell how it holds up , but the workmanship seems decent -LRB- especially considering its origin-China -RRB- and I would n't hesitate to get another one if needed . It sure beats pushing the wheelbarrow around . I would probably give it a 5-star but I have n't had it long enough to make that endorsement .
 The cart was delivered promptly to my door . I put it together in about an hour , and it was ready to go . The huge wheels make it easy to travel over all the different kinds of terrain we have on the property . Having the dump feature with the sliding front panel is terrific.It 's wider than my wheelbarro so it wo n't make it through a couple of my gates.I have to take the long way around to get to the side yard .
 THIS IS THE BEST BUY I HAVE MADE IN YEARS . I AM 80 AND HAVE BEEN FIGHTING A WHEELBARROW FOR ALMOST THAT LONG . EVEN THOUGH IT IS A BIT FLIMSY , I WILL BUY ANOTHER EVEN IF IT ONLY LASTS 3 MONTHS
 Good cart , but because of poor packaging , original had to be replaced for lost part
 This cart is a little pricey , but well worth the money . For yard and garden work this cart beats a wheelbarrel .
 Got the Agri-Fab 7-Cubic Foot Garden Cart to replace an old , worn-out garden cart . It 's smaller and a bit more cheaply made , but came at a much lower price . Thanks to the earlier reviewer who suggested adding washers at the screw heads on the inside of the cart , it is fairly sturdy . Though smaller , it 's big enough for gardening chores on our flower and vegetable beds . I 'd never call it a farm cart , but it 's a decent , little garden cart .
 Agri-Fab 7-Cubic-Foot Garden Cart # 45-0176I have done construction work for 35 years and have been an organic gardener for as long . This cart is the most economical labor saving device one can obtain . It is more versatile and maneuverable and can handle 300 lb . loads without a problem . My wife uses it as much as I do and is as admiring as I am .
 Easy to put together and is just the right size . Much better than the wheelbarrow it replaced .
 Could not find cart anywhere until here it came when they said and I already use it . easy construction , and works better than I thought.Thanks.Cm
 No complaints about this cart ... it assembled easily and works well .
 I am impressed with this cart which I have been using on my horse / chicken ranch for about two weeks now . The square footage is just about perfect for feed buckets and hauling hay for two to three horses at a time . Much bigger than that , and I think it would be quite heavy and cumbersome . The material quality is great - heavy duty components and hardware was all complete . If you are not a do-it-yourselfer , you may need a minor in engineering to assemble this thing . Again , there are lots of components that just come to you loose but the directions were quite good if you follow them so , take your time , sip a beer and do n't get in a hurry and you 'll end up with a great cart.Jan '12 UPDATE
 Very good garden cart . Found out I could have paid a lower price elsewhere , but found out after I purchased it . It pays to shop around .
 I absolutely love my new cart , I moved most of my plants previously with a whellbarrow . Potted plants , bags of soil did not sit flat like they do now . Bigger wheels allow for ease of handling .
 I was looking for a cart to carry my wood cutting tools such as two power saws , bar oil , 2 gal gas can , a couple wedges and an 8 pound splitter . I noticed this litte cart on Amazon , i thought it would be what I was looking for and as it turned out it was , it carries everything just fine . I will probably use it for other projects but it fulfils my primary project .
 I have both the green and the blue version of this feeder as well as several other types of hummingbird feeders and the hummers prefer these feeders . Since they are also beautiful to look at hanging in my garden , that 's fine with me . The only downside is that there is some dripping from the nozzle , so you may not want to hang these on a deck where the sugar water would drip on the wood .
 The feeder is beautiful but it leaks . Birds like it !
 this feeder is not only beautiful , but functional as well ! I filled it according to directions - totally full so that when you turn it over and put the stopper in it actually overflows . . this creates a vacuum - and I hung it in a shady place and for the first time in my yard I have a hummingbird !! I have just purchased another one -LRB- ruby red -RRB- and am just as pleased . I think as long as you follow directions , the dripping will not be a problem . Be sure that the stopper is pushed in as tight as it will go . Enjoy ! this is a beautiful work of art !
 The five stars are for -LRB- 1 -RRB- originality , -LRB- 2 -RRB- glorious translucent color , -LRB- 3 -RRB- easy way to interest non-enthusiastic wildlife observers , -LRB- 4 -RRB- brings to focus the needs of birds-not just hummers , and -LRB- 5 -RRB- object-d`arte for porch , patio , balcony , or tree . Ease of use and refill allows for maximum pleasure with minimum fuss .
 I like this feeder very much because it 's heavy blown glass that is colored red - no plastic , and you do n't have to add red coloring to the nectar . Also , it hangs at a very natural angle , so the hummingbirds get the hang of it quickly . Shortcomings
 Great gift for nature lovers . Got it for my mother-in-law . Much more elegant than typical bowl-shaped feeders .
 Small writing area but very sturdy . I also bought copper ones that were very very thin . If these were twice as wide as they actually are they would be perfect , but there are no surprises . They look like the picture . At least one of the labels has a stain/defect - a light grey mark on it that will not come off . Not a deal-breaker .
 These are great plant tags . Heavy duty plastic tags with marking pencil . The prices are very reasonable . I purchased 4 packages which cut the price of freight . Do n't use a pen to write on tags because it will fade . I purchased the tags through Amazon ! The area on the tag to write is 1.5 '' wide and 1 '' high . You can write on the front on the back of the tag .
 Very sturdy , easy to write on with a pencil . The writing surface has enough space for several lines of normal-sized handwriting . The stake part is thick enough that it will not break even in tough , rocky dirt .
 It will fit a Blitz brand plastic gasoline can . It will tighten down snugly after a full turn or two , but not cover all the threads all the way down of the Blitz can . It does not leak when it 's tight . However , after backing it out from its fully seated position on the blitz can a quarter turn , the cap comes readily loose and spins very freely . Some teflon thread tape -LRB- plumbers tape -RRB- may help keep the lid secure on the Blitz can.Does not fit my Scepter , Webco , or Midwest brand gas cans.It 's a good alternative cap to the ludicrous , convoluted caps designed to meet the EPA-mandated nonsense that is destroying the useability of common gas cans .
 I bought this pot for our tailgates . We usually do a shrimp boil at least once a year . We had a 30 qt pot that was almost overflowing , so I thought a new pot was in order . This thing is huge . We did our normal boil for 20 people and the pot was barely over half full . Plenty of room for our tailgate to grow.Pot is heavy duty and will last a life time . Very well made . In retrospect , I probably should have bought the 40 Qt -LRB- as the wife regularly reminds me -RRB- . Was the talk of the tailgate . Now just have to figure out where I 'll store it ...
 Great product ! Had been looking for a pot with a strainer and am very happy with this one . Big enough for the job and it gets it done ! Use it for clams , corn , lobster ... whatever . Nice and lightweight and `` stocky '' enough not to tip over easily . Strongly recommend it for the price .
 You can slap a good amount of corn on the cobb in this stockpot . I 've search around and this size pot made more since for average family backyard cooking . I 've done a lobster in it too , and it came out great .
 Made a 4 Gallon Gumbo for the SEC Championship Game ... Worked outstanding , follow the directions for seasoning the pot , no sticking or hot spots , easy clean up ... . Geaux LSU Tigers
 I purchased this unit along with a propane burner/stand and am impressed with the finish and quality . The lid and steamer basket are all machined well with no burrs . Rivets are sturdy and the unit is built to stand the test of time . I would recommend this to anyone looking for a LARGE pot for parties , clam bakes or the like . Not small -LRB- 42qt -RRB- by any means , but if you 're cooking for a small army , this will work well ! Would purchase again .
 I bought this item to make crawfish boil and with the potatoes and corn , I was able to fit in 30lbs , more or less , in this pot . The crawfish was awesome and the boiler the best investment I have ever made . I was afraid the item was not able to ship in time and it was able to arrive when I needed it .
 I love this pot . I 've had a great 40 qt . pot for a decade that I 've used for crawfish boiling and turkey frying but wanted a larger pot with a basket dedicated to crawfish . I was wary of the product because some reviews suggested the pot was flimsy and I wanted a tough sturdy pot . I was not disappointed , the pot is very strong with a thick rolled aluminum opening and stout handles . When filled with water and lifted , there was absolutely no movement or flex . You would have to lie the pot on its side and jump on it to bend the walls of the pot . My only regret is that I didnt buy the 80 qt . model . With the basket in , it doesnt hold much more than my 40 qt . pot did without a basket . We cooked 70 lbs . of crawfish and lots of vegetables and it took three batches . So if you are on the fence on size , go bigger . I will likely buy an 80 qt . soon .
 Fast delivery ! The product is everything it was described to be . We cooked lobsters and it was easy to clean afterward . I 'll buy here again .
 Great pot and well made but i bought it for a stove top -LRB- my mistake not theirs -RRB- . it takes 20 minutes to steam and boil on my smoothtop electric stove -LRB- using two burners -RRB- . The large size and basket are great for lobsters but this pot is best for an outdoor system or a large industrial stove burner . It is just too big for my wife to handle.Be forwarned it 's a great value butbig !
 The item itself is great but to date we still have not received the balance of our order .
 I ordered the 42 Qt steam/boil pot . its exactly what i was looking for . it arrived before the actual time stated , which was a plus . I purchased this item for a low country shrimp boil party that i was throwing for about 20 people . and the size was just right . i will also make use of it for Thanksgiving and fry a turkey this year.oh it was less expensive than my local Lowe 's . thanks amazon .
 Good product , I made my first seafood boil in in . The basket really makes it easy to get your food out .
 This is a excellent choice if you are cooking 15lbs of shrimp with potatoes , corn on the cob , sausage and mushrooms ! Great easy way to have a PARTY !
 We boiled up several hundred pounds of crawfish with this multiple times . It 's a great unit.It 's sturdy as heck and accompanied with the bayou classic burner it can cook up a lot of bugs . Great stuff . Would recommend to anybody -LRB- in fact , my buddies want one now -RRB- .
 I purchased for steaming Maryland blue crabs , clam bakes , and to make chili . I already own a smaller Bayou Classic pot but I needed the 42 qt . for more capacity . It fits perfectly on the side burner of my grill and also fits on my kitchen stove with plenty of clearance under the exhaust hood . Exactly what I expected and made with the same quality as my smaller , older pot . Be sure to thoroughly clean the inside of the pot before using , as mine had a greasy film on the inside -LRB- especially where the handles were drilled into the pot -RRB- . I highly recommend and Amazon was cheaper than my local Lowes .
 This pot is great for outdoor cooking whether it 's for a crawfish / crab boil or for deep frying a turkey . It 's large size holds some extra oil which keeps the oil temperature from falling too much when the turkey is dropped in - much better than the 30qt pot I 've used in the past .
 This arrived in just time for my Crawfish Boil . This Big 60 quart boiler cook 35lbs of crawfish in no time . The Handles are rugged and I am going to enjoy this big bad boiler for years to come .
 Better than expected ! Great quality and durable . I would recommend to anyone who wants to feed a large group . Perfect for the pool parties coming up this summer !
 We live in Maine and have many lobster bakes over the summer for visitors . My husband is the master steamer and often missed the fun as he had to cook in batches with our previous pot . We LOVE this Stockpot . We can cook lobsters for a crowd and everyone 's are done at the same time . Cleanup is the same as any pot , though obviously it wo n't fit in the sink to be washed . We got our money 's worth .
 We ordered this for our son 's 16th birthday party and it was great . We boiled 8 lbs . of crab legs , 8 lbs . of shrimp and 5 lbs of lobster meat as well as 10 lbs . of potatoes , 6 lbs . of corn on the cob some onions 5 lbs of sausage ... needless to say there was more than enough room for the food and then some . This is plenty big to cook food for more than 30 people . The quality was great , very sturdy construction . Looking forward to using it again .
 This pot is awesome . Used it for shrimp boil . No need to get stainless steel in my opinion .
 The pot came as described and in a timely fashion - ready for our family crawfish boil over in Texas .
 I have a friend that cook large quanities of collards each year for family and friends . This year he surprise me with 16 quart size bags of collards for the winter . I ask him what on earth did he cook them in , he explained that he has to borrow the next door neighors pot with no lid and how much he hate doing that every year . So I found a 60 Quart with a basket and lid All purpose Aluminum pot . I ordered it just in time for Christmas . He was so please with the pot he cooked me several more bags of collards . Now he has a pot that he can use to cook large quanities for the family reunions.Thanks Amazon !
 This pot came wrapped like there is a treasure inside
 What a great buy for the cook in your family . My son-in-law is the cook in their family and asked for one of these for Christmas . It is well made and an excellent purchase .
 Purchased for low country shrimp boil . Was the talk of party for it 's size and quality . Looking forward to using for clam bake lobster boil .
 I found the pot to be well made . Be careful when handling it because it can get dented pretty easily . It was plenty large for the cookout I planned . I think it will be useful for many years to come . Make sure that you cure it before using it , I actually cured it and then boiled water in it 2 times before using it .
 good cooker well made is a littel biger than 5 gal.pail in the basket works grate . would buy it again .
 The pot worked for our project as planned and we have not determined many more things that we are going to be cooking outside in the furture . This pot is big so it is for those that are creative and love to share their cooking experiences .
 Great product . I purchased this product to haul around in my RV . Never know when I might get hungry for crawfish .
 This a great pot , I have not used this yet but I had a 30 qt prior and this quality seem much stronger . This should work great on my bushel of crabs I can cook once and enjoy with the party.My only complaint is on the packaging , it is ship in original box which has no shock protection . Upon close examination of my new pot there was a minor dent at bottom corner round edge .
 PERFECT POT !!!! BUT HAD TO SEND BACK IT WAS JUST Way to big for us , got a smaller one . . Shipped fast and was was everthing it said it was .
 I bought this pot as I boil around 50Lbs of potatoes to make Lefse each year.I was hesitant by some of the reviews of being thin , but this is a lot thicker than I was expecting . The aluminum is around 1/8 '' thick which makes this pot sturdy . I used the 60Qt pot in conjunction with this burner . -LSB- ... -RSB- This pot is sturdy , but you do loose some capacity with the basket . You probably get around 45-50Qt useable space with the basket in the 60Qt pot.I do not see how this pot could bet damaged or bent without running it over with a truck.My only complaint is I need to find a place to store this thing and at around 18 '' diameter , it does not fit in a lot of places .
 i purchased this stockpot for my brother . he often cooks a lot of seafood and soups for a large group of people at their clubhouse on the river . they were using 2 smaller pots so now they get the job done in one huge pot . this stockpot holds a lot of food and they love to use it . throughout the past year i have ordered a lot of cookbooks from amazon , everything i have ordered from amazon has been delivered to my house in excellent condition . a few days ago i ordered a perfume set that will be delivered next week , i got it for a good price and its nice to have it delivered right to my door .
 I bought the items for dungeness crabs . The items were supposed to be used , but they were actually new . The basket is about one half the size of the pot , so I should have bought the larger size . The burner and pot worked fine .
 I ordered this item to be able to cook with two lobster pots at the same time . They fit perfectly and the burners are awesome . Very even and strong flames .
 Just what we were looking for . Great for a Low Country Boil for a large groug ; two pots .
 worth the $ $ . read other reviews and was apprehensive about purchase , could n't have made a better choice . Just fried up 2 Turkeys they were delicious , took about 30 minutes to assemble all parts and screwes were there , no short ones that were stated in previous reviews . All u need is a little common sence and just read directions and follow should have no problem . 3 1/2 minutes per lb . thats all u need to know LOL
 Fantastic product ! I have used it twice already and am going to fry another turkey on Christmas . Good Quality , great price , tons of extras . The only thing I regret is not buying a pot with the drain spigot in the bottom -LRB- the pot gets a little heavy when pouring the oil back into the jug ! -RRB- . Other than that A + all the way around .
 I purchased this because I wanted to try and fry a Turkey for Thanksgiving . The day before I put it all together . It was so easy to use and came with all the gadgets I needed . We fried the Turkey and I received so many compliments . No problems , No accidents , Just a great , user-friendly fryer , especially for beginners !
 I bought this same brand three years ago and six deep fried turkeys later , I 'm still a happy camper . I would recommend bringing the oil to 250 then turning off the burner before lowering the turkey in . Once the bird is safely in bounds , I would crank it up back to about 325 for about 3 1/2 minutes per pound . I tried 350 but my bird comes out a little too burn on the wings and cavity edges that way.Mine did not come with that the awesome fry basket , extra pots , and injector by the way yet I still paid the same price .
 I bought this for a gift and he likes it just fine.He uses it a few times a year for big family get togethers.Just make sure you read the directions on safety and do n't get burned with the bubbling oil.We use heavy duty welding gloves when putting turkeys in the fryer because when you first put it in , hot oil can shoot up through the neck and get your hand.and you do n't want that .
 I bought this cooker to blanch vegetables for freezing and canning . It worked great and saved a lot of time doing it . I used the small pan and basket and it would boil the water as fast I needed it . I cooked fish with it one time using a 12 inch cast iron pot and had trouble keeping the heat down low enough . The stand is made from thin metal and so are the pots and baskets . It held up well and I am happy with it so far . All the parts were in the box . For me it was a good buy .
 I have used this cooker several times and love it . It is good quality and workmanship and performs perfect for me everytime I use it .
 I purchased the Bayou Clasic unit primarily for brewing beer . The unit was shipped on time and without any damage . It was easy and quick to assemble , and connected right up to my 5-gal propane tank with it 's standard connector -LRB- same as you use to connect to your BBQ -RRB- . It fired right up with first strike of my flint starter . NOTE
 Perfect for what I need . It arrived quickly and works great . Even sturdier than the one I previously bought for a family member . I really enjoy deep frying and this is the product to use
 Bought it and deep fried a turkey , Very Juicy even after rewarming in the microwave the next day . I did end up ripping the hose out of the end of this thing though , i pulled it gently when moving it and it came right out , oops !
 It was a gift and the price is quite cheap as well . I have not had the pleasure of using this thing yet but I ca n't wait . I have never fried a turkey but I love doing boils and the strainer is comes with is perfect for it . My summer is going to be great !
 We have only used the fryer one time so far but do plan to use it more . We took it to a college football tailgate and made chicken wings . It worked just like it was supposed to . It did make a mess of the fryer and was some work to clean it up but that is the nature of fried oil .
 The cooker I purchased from another source is the exact one I wanted from Amazon . The cooker from Amazon was sent back soon after the order was completed . There were several problems with the Amazon transaction ; 1 . the Amazon web site stated that shipping was free , but when I got the email to confirm the sale , the final price included $ 20 shipping , and tax . 2 . the email also stated to cancel the order use a link within the email , go to the website and use the cancel button . Only problem is when you go to the website I could not find any button or link that allowed the purchaser to cancel the order . To Amazons credit the UPS return and refund was a very smooth operation . Otherwise , Amazon really dropped the ball on this one . I 've never had a problem ordering from Amazon before but this transaction makes me a little leery . By the way the cooker I did purchase came from an Ebay seller and it works great , no shipping charge or tax . Only noted problems were the inside of the pots were scratched in several places but the outsides were in great condition . Would be nice if they included a basic cook book . Used the injector for the first time , injected beer into a chicken , extremely moist and flavorful .
 We havent used this yet as we got it for when we go camping and havent went so far . But as far as the delivery it was promt and good
 Bought this for Christmas dinner and it worked great ! We ended up frying a 12 pound turkey in it and had no problems what-so-ever . I was a little concerned after reading the reviews ; especially the ones about not heating the oil up very well . Did n't have a problem with it at all . We actually had to end up frying it at night in 18 degree weather -LRB- with a little snow -RRB- and the oil heated up in about 25 minutes . There is a carburator -LRB- flame adjuster -RRB- at the junction between the gas hose and the frame you need to adjust before you start it . I 'm wondering if that 's what people who had problems did n't do . We first lit it and with a few minor adjustments got a good hot flame . The paint does burn off initially but it does n't seem to be a problem . Ca n't wait to fry some more things !
 bought this to use with king crab legs brought back from alaska . The inner basket allowed removal of the crab legs without having to fish them out . it assembled easily , all parts were included , stand is solid . this is a good fryer , even though I do not use it for frying . suitable for any outdoor seafood boil use as well as frying . nice product .
 Purchased this fryer just prior to use on Thanksgiving 2010 . Shipping was fast , I think it took 3 days or so to get to me . All items came in the box as indicated . The fryer worked excellent . It took me about 45 min to fry a 12-15 pound turkey . The only bad thing I can say about this is that the design is such that a small breeze will cause you to loose a lot of heat creating a longer cook time . I fixed this by using two pieces of plywood to create a wind break . However , I would not call this a deal stopper by any means . I paid $ 81 for this kit and saw it in one of the warehouse clubs -LRB- BJ 's -RRB- for $ 99 . Overall , I would highly recommend this fryer . Why I did n't give it 5 stars ? This fryer did not exceed my expectations . It did what it was supposed to do .
 First time frying a turkey as I just moved from WA to FL and had to change the whole Thanksgiving process a bit . This product did a great job . Followed the directions provided and other than a few tweeks to get the temperature correct , everything worked out great . If this guy can get it right on the first try with this product , anyone can . Ca n't wait to cook another , now only if my wife ate seafood .
 This fryer was just what I was looking for . From the old reviews it seems that there was a problem with the wrong hardware being sent . This has been corrected with the one that I received . My fryer came in great shape and worked perfect . The burner is hot enough to cook even in some wind on a cold day and still maintain temp . I do have one suggestion for people cooking turkeys to use smaller birds of around 12 lbs . or less to prevent burning of the meat . The steam basket and fry pot have worked great as well . Thanks
 I bought this to fry a turkey for thanksgiving and it made the turkey a hit . Everyone loved it . I did another turkey the following day and it also was amazing . I have read some of the reviews saying that it takes to long to set up , maybe a half hour after you read the directions . Others said that it would not light or heat the oil up , I did not have any problems , it lite right away and took about 20 minutes to heat up 3.5 gallons of oil . I also read people saying it was too expensive after buying the turkey , oil , etc. . . Just a word of caution . The Turkey Fryer DOES NOT INCLUDE A TURKEY OR OIL , you must purchase this on your own . To their standards , I think I was ripped off on my BBQ , it did not come with propane or steaks , maybe I 'll take it back.This was a great purchase .
 The Bayou Classis 30 Qt Turkey Fryer was a great purchase . The stand was easy to assemble -LRB- took around 5 minutes -RRB- . It comes with a smaller cooking pot , injector , thermometer , steaming pot and several other items.My first attempt to deep fry a turkey -LRB- 18 lbs -RRB- took place on Thanksgiving Day . My backup plan was to go to KFC if things did n't work out.The fryer did everything it was supposed to do . I pre-measured the oil level with water . I did n't have the turkey on the provided turkey stand , so I had to add a little more oil when I actually deep fried the turkey . This slowed the cooking time about 5 to 10 minutes . The turkey was golden brown and very moist . The left overs stayed moist into the following days.I used a recipe where you heat the oil to 250 degrees , dunk the bird , then raise the temperture to 350 , and maintain the temperature until done -LRB- time is based on the size of the bird -RRB- , There was very little splatter . I had a large cardboard box flattened to catch the oil splatter -LRB- key piece of equipment if you deep fry on your cement -RRB- . I plan to take the fryer camping and fry a turkey , potatoes , onion rings etc this next summer.The only drawback is that the cooking pot and accessories are large and not stored easily . My plan is to store the cooking pot , burner etc in the garage rafters .
 I have always borrowed a cooker on Thanksgiving but having just moved to a new state I decided it was time to buy . This cooker was a good as any that I had tailgated with or borrowed over the years .
 I bought this Fryer as a gift . I had checked out many online with their comments and decided on this one . Boyfriend put it together easily , and has already used it twice . Loved it . Its nice to have all the accessories that come with it . He made a smaller batch of fried fish with the smaller basket . He is very happy with this Item , ty
 I have long been skeptical of `` deep frying '' at home . The smell , the mess , the smell ... Anyway , I recently decided to throw a fish fry and decided it was time to invest in a fryer . The biggest issue for me in purchasing a fryer was the sturdiness of the burner stand . Besides having the ability to heat 12 quarts of oil , I also wanted a burner stand that would hold the weight of 20 quarts of beer for my homebrewing . I decided on the Bayou Classic.This Bayou Classic kit came with everything and setup was simple . The burner stand exceeded my expectations for sturdiness and the height was such that when using the 10 quart stock pot , you could place the burner stand on a safe sturdy work surface to elevate it off the ground . I plan on also using this burner with my wok . The burner was able to bring the oil to temperature in approximately 15 minutes . The Fish and Chips turned out great.Of course when using 350 degree boiling oil , you do not want your weekend fry festival to end with either a trip to your local burn unit or a reason to see if Allstate really has you in good hands . Common sense must prevail and last time I checked , Amazon does not sell that yet . Set your fry area up away from kids , pets and anything that you want to see another day . If you follow that simple advice , all should turn out okay.Clean up can be best described as `` sticky '' , but in order to get the life out of your aluminum parts , do n't skimp . Now that I have tackled fish and chips , I will have to move on to the other `` must have '' fried foods these days
 When I first heard about frying turkeys , I just new I 'd try it eventually and this fryer has everything I needed -LRB- minus the turkey , oil & fuel -RRB- to get started . My cooker arrived right on time in perfect condition and went together without a hitch.I fried up some chickens so I 'd have some frying practice before T-day rolled around and learned a few tips : The meat should be at nearly room temp before cooking . I took my bird out of the fridge the night before and put it in a cooler with no ice so it was cool but not cold . Also , the oil temp . should be right at the red-line before putting the meat in . If your bird is still cold from the fridge or if the oil is not hot enough , the oil temp will plunge to below 300 and it will take most of the listed cook time to get back to 350 . Then you 'll be guessing at to whether your meat is done.When I put the Thanksgiving turkey in , I hung the neck around one of the legs and after about ten minutes , I fished it out with a pair of tongs and had a perfectly cooked snack while tending the fryer . At the end of the calculated cook time , I pulled the bird out and checked the breast with my electronic meat thermometer rather than the oil thermometer , perfect . If you think your meat is not quite done , you are better off finishing up in the oven rather than going back in the fryer , you do n't want to overcook.Since this was my first time out , I wanted to make sure I had a back-up plan so we would n't wind up feasting on cranberry salad and frozen pizzas . I told the in-laws to go ahead and cook their regular bird in case mine did n't turn out and they had the usual monster bird with the breast meat like drywall . The birds went to the table side by side and my 13 pounder was gone , picked clean and the little kids were asking was there any more turkey while the oven bird was still hardly touched -LRB- hee hee . -RRB- It was a smash.More tips
 I am a southern guy from GA , and have been using outside cookers all of my adult life . This one is a winner , you ca n't go wrong with this purchase if you enjoy using an outside cooker . With the various size cooking pots , you can cook for 2 or 20 . Very simple to set up and use . I really like this one and the price was a bargin .
 The fryer does a great job !! Only one thing I found wrong with the prduct . . The screws did not match the fryer legs ... Put together , but wrong still works great . .
 I received this fryer in August as a birthday gift and I am very glad that I did . The kit comes with everything you need to get started , minus the propane tank and oil . Assembly was a breeze and only took around 10 minutes at the most -LRB- I assembled it while relaxing in the garage -RRB- . As some reviewers have stated after the first couple uses some of the paint for the stand was burned off resulting in it no longer appearing new . I can see how this would bother some users but for me it did not detract from the quality of the product . I am more of a function over appearance kind of person and the paint burning off did nothing to take away from the function of the stand.I see the price has gone up -LRB- it was $ 80 when I got it -RRB- maybe since it 's closer to Thanksgiving , but even at the higher price I think it is worth it .
 Purchased the 30-Quart Outdoor Turkey Fryer to steam lobsters - worked great . Only concern was the `` fire '' that started when I first used it - the paint that was used to coat the the base did catch fire , but it burned off after 5 minutes - did catch me by surprise . Definately make sure nothing is around , because there were flames . Once the paint coating burned off , the stand was stable and the pot provided plenty of room -LRB- 8 1.5 lbs . lobsters -RRB- . Looking forward to using it for other outdoor cooking events !
 It is a good product and works pretty well . The only drawback I have found is the burner works overtime to keep up when you are frying fish with the large pot . It takes a pretty good while to get up to temp with the large pot full of oil .
 Did a ton of research on these cookers before I found this one . Everything came as advertised and for what you get in the package you ca n't beat the price . Just had my first crab boil with this and it turned out awesome . I ca n't wait to fry up my first turkey this Thanksgiving !
 Everything about this cooker screams quality !!! Easy to put together , easy to use and to clean up afterwards ... would recommend for anyone ... The pots and kettles are extra heavy duty . . well worth the money ...
 The fryer came very quickly.The one pot is very deep ! -LRB- turkey size -RRB- I wanted it to have a fish fry , will be deep frying a turkey or two this ThanksGiving . I would recommend this item , well worth the price.P , S A good old fashion fish fry , is a sight to see , fast as the fish is dump from the basket hot sauce bottles start shaking !
 This is a very good product for the money.This is my second one . I loaned a friend my first cooker . He liked it so much , he never brought it back .
 Great fryer ! Had a wonderful low country boil . One of the screws broke in half during assembly - had to make a trip to the hardware store . But all was fine after that . So far so good !
 We were most happy with the way Amazon replaced the first one we ordered because of damage in shipping . The second on arrived in record time . We used it to have a huge shrimp boil . Could not have done it without the Turkey Fryer . Thank you for your service .
 This is without a doubt the worlds best deep fryer.I have been able to cook not only turkey but chicken , lobster clams and just about whateverI want to . It is a real conversation piece when all my friends are over .
 I picked up this set back in the spring and have used it several times since . I did several low country boils using the pot and basket during the summer and fried a turkey for Thanksgiving . I am very pleased because everything I need came in one package .
 We checked several big box and local stores and we are happy with the price tag and accessories that come with this one .
 this purchase is a second fryer.i purchased my first fryer in 2003 . awesome for steaming king crab legs , great lobster/crab pot , low country boil , etc. and this guy is from philadelphia ? you bet ! no backyard should be without one !
 I 'm not expert on turkey fryers but this thing is a beast . We had a wing night and it had not trouble gobbling up 20 + wings at a time . The qaulity appears to be there and all the components functioned well . Assembly is easy and only took a couple minutes . My only gripe is that an item named the Bayou Classic is made in China . I 'd pay a little more to have it Cajun made .
 This is my first ever turkey fryer , and could n't wait to use it . It cooks a great turkey , but quickly learned that I should have ordered the bigger fryer . The turkey I bought was only 14 pounds ! I followed the directions carefully and first filled the pot with water to determine the how much oil would be needed . After removing the turkey , the water line was still above the maximum fill line . Ignoring that fact , I marked the spot , replaced the water with peanut oil and brought it up to 350 degrees . I added the bird , causing the oil to bubble rapidly . Hot oil started spewing out of the pot and soaked the floor of my shed . Now I know why they do n't advise using this on your deck . The turkey tasted great , but what a mess I had to clean up . It seems to me that this pot will accomodate a really small turkey or a large roasting chicken . But if you want a 14 lb bird or larger , consider buying a bigger fryer .
 The product serves its purpose . I have no complaints about the design , functionality , or price . However , The base should not have been painted because it burns off on the first use .
 Its a great fryer . Very strong base for the pot to sit on . Was very impressed with the nuts and bolts that came with it being a mechanic and all . Usually you get the cheap soft metal hardware that strip out and break the first time you put a wrench on them but you can tell these ones were high quality . Was amazed on how many accessories you get with it for the price . Usually the more stuff you get with something the quality of the accessories drop severely , but not with this fryer . Heats up the oil or water very very fast without eating up to much propane . I got a gallon and a half of oil up to 350 in less that 8 min and once up to temp I turned the regulator down to the lowest setting and stayed perfectly at 350 ! Great product , would definitely buy more Bayou Classic products in the future !
 I loved that all the extra accessories were part of this package . It worked perfectly ... we made tons & tons of french fries and sweet potato fries . And , we 'll be using it again for a family cookout .
 We had such a great seafood boil party with the Bayou Classic 3016 ! I was a little concerned when we received the box since it was so small . Kudos to the one who packs all the pieces into the compact packaging !! HINT -- put it together before the party -- guests are in a rush to enjoy the food !!
 This is a great party starter . `` Have pots , come over , bring something and we 'll cook it in the backyard '' . I bought three of these and have used them several times for Low Country Boils and Crab Feasts . They are a little more narrow than I thought and I am glad I bought a few of them . They clean up easily with the hose and some soap and have been very durable so far . It would be nice if it came with a carrying case instead of trying to figure out how to fit all of the pieces back into the box . But that 's just a `` nice to have '' when people borrow them all the time.The men are anxious to stir the pot and look inside and the women are happy to have them do it . We 've had a lot of fun entertaining with these `` deep fryers '' and we have never fried a thing.I am always looking for new uses to cook anything outside by the pool . I 'm even thinking this would be great for neighborhood mulled wine this fall / winter . No smell in the house and an easy way to keep it warm and let friends participate .
 I love the versatility of this set , the smaller basket and fry pot . So far I 've only used it for turkeys -LRB- 3 in a month , 2 more coming up for x-mas -RRB- But everything worked well . Emptying it is a bit of a pain , I 've used another fry pot that had a nozzle mounted at the side of the bottom for easy emptying , that would be great , maybe one day I 'll order just that fry bucket . It was easy to assemble , and very straightforward , got the oil up to temp in about 20-25 minutes . Some of the paint did bake off in the first use , but that is to be expected .
 This cooker is great we used it on a cub scout camp out I cooked everything from a giant pot of soup to sausage and eggs for breakfast using a cast iron frying pan instead of the pot
 This fryer does it great ! The hardest part is trying to figure out how everything goes back into the box . The burner did a great job of heating the pot for frying a turkey . The paint on the burner will burn off within the first 10 or 15 minutes of starting it . I recommend doing this prior to actually cooking anything on top of the grill . I cleaned the aluminum pot after draining the oil when it was still slightly warm . It cleaned easily and quickly . I have n't had an opportunity to use the steamer but will this summer . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a cooker .
 We have been very pleased with this product and have used it several times with great success . No problems assembling . Some discoloration at first but that was gone after a second boil . It does not seem as heavy duty as some others -LRB- maybe the aluminum vs steel -RRB- but works great and was a bargain for all the stuff you get . Make sure you turn the gas up all the way otherwise it will take forever to boil . We have used it for low country boils , and used the smaller fryer for making tempura and fried fish . Awesome . Have not tried to fry a turkey yet but I am sure it would n't be a problem . My brother-in-law got one as well and he loves his too ! It 's a great addition for fun outdoor cooking and for large groups !
 This is the first time that I have owned such a product and I am happy with it considering all that I received for around $ 80 . The unit arrived with no damage and the stand was easy to assemble . The burner is powerful enough for my needs . It will burn the paint off of the heated area of the stand the first time you use it . Most of the paint burned off in under 5 minutes . I boiled some water to let the paint burn off and to also test the thermometer.Hookup to the my gas tank was as easy as a grill . The unit is easy to light and the gas regulator is easy to use . There was a pretty good breeze blowing on the day that I used it and the flame never blew out . Be sure to read the instruction manual on proper operation of the burner.One definitely needs to exercise caution around this thing when there is 350 + degree oil inside . Keep kids and pets away!It did a fantastic job with the turkey !
 This turkey fryer is great ! we 've experimented with a whole chicken ... turned out excellent and only took about 20 minutes ... best chicken I 've ever eaten!Then we tried it out to have a clam bake ... same thing , everything turned out great!Note ... you have to make sure you get the set with the extra pots ... it 's worth the 20 bucks extra to make sure you get them ... you can do a lot with this set . Love it !
 This product is easy to put together and very sturdy once assembled . So far I have done a few low country boils and fried up a ton of shrimp and had no problems . I had high expectations and this cooker met all of them . As some other reviews said , some paint will burn off and that is to be expected . Heated up pretty fast and is a very nice product . Would have been five stars but there were a few scratches on the pot when it arrived , nothing that a little normal use would n't have caused anyway but they should n't be on there from the factory . Overall a very good cooker and I 'm satisfied .
 The pots , lids and strainers and turkey stand are all aluminum . They do show marks with even light usage , and unfortunately , they will mark up a ceramic sink pretty badly . I 'd recommend washing them outside with a garden hose - it 's easier anyways considering how large the pot is . I 've done multiple 12lbs crawfish boils and while it 's filled to the brim to pack all the crawfish and crawfish related accessories -LRB- corn , potatoes , sausage , garlic , onion , mushrooms , etc -RRB- in there , it does get the job done . The burner is made out of steel and has rusted pretty quickly with any moisture coming into contact . The flame cooked the paint right off the middle of the stand . The overall package does not scream quality , but it does support everything well and you really can crank the flame up to a huge roar . It gets the job done economically and effectively . As long as you can live with it not looking like a million dollars as you use it , you should be satisfied with the bang for your buck . Next time I might pony up for a stainless steel version since I did use it quite a lot during crawfish season . For occasional use , I do n't see any reason to spend more unless you 're concerned about looks .
 The Bayou Classic is evrything thing you need to cook outdoors . Easy to assemble . Easy to light and regulate flame for cooking . Great clam and crab pots . it contains everything you need for frying or cooking ... great product for price .
 The Bayou Classic 3016 Fryer is Wonderful . It saves so much time all the way around from prep . to clean up . I have n't tried the turkey fryer part yet , but do n't have any complaints . Well worth the money !!
 We purchased this turkey fryer because we love to steam seafood and corn-on-the-cob and this is the best way to do it . We can have 12 people for a clam bake and do 100 clams per pot and the best part is it keeps that seafood smell outside and not in my house ! Love it .
 We have been very pleased with the product and think that we received great value for the price . Everything works well . My only criticism is that it was difficult to put the base together . We 're looking forward to cooking more crab this weekend !
 Bought this in anticipation of having a crawfish boil . Ended up trying it out as a deep fryer a couple of weekends before -LRB- fried a 16 lb turkey and some other random things -RRB- . It worked great ! We then had the crawfish boil , and again it worked wonderfully . As an outdoor cooker , I had no problems with it at all.I had read some of the reviews about assembly problems and parts not fitting or breaking , but this went together effortlessly . I did end up using my own ratcheting wrench to put it together as the location of the nuts made it difficult to use the small wrench provided in the kit , but I imagine one could assemble it with their wrench.My only complaint is the paint on the base . A good portion of it burned as we first fired it up , which gave off a horrid stench and some black smoke , which ended up staining the sides of the aluminum pot . After about 15 minutes it was gone . The base now looks like it is 5 years old and worn , as opposed to only 1 month , but what are looks when it works great ? I 'd still highly recommend this item .
 This product works very well ; however , assembly for the stand was difficult . Instructions were not clear or explicit enough . Final result was the turkey was delicious and enjoyed by all on Thanksgiving , 2008 !
 I was trying to decide between this fryer and the stainless steel version . So far I 've fried a turkey and steamed a couple of bushels of crabs and have been very happy with it . Clean up was very easy , so save money and do n't buy the stainless steel version .
 THIS TURKEY FRYER WAS A SUPERB PRICE COMPARED TO THE STORES - IT WAS DELIVERED RIGHT TO MY DOOR ON NEXT DAY SERVICE AND THE TURKEYS CAME OUT JUICY , TASTY AND I WAS TOLD TO NEVER USE AN OVEN AGAIN . IT ALSO MADE CORN ON THE COB , CAPONS , VEGGIES AND ZEPPOLES SO EASY AND SO TASTY . i SET IT UP TO MY BARBEQUE GAS CONNECTION AND VOILA ` IT FEELS LIKE MY KITCHEN WAS EXTENDED ONTO THE PATIO . GREAT IDEA AND THANKS AMAZON FOR YOUR SERVICE .
 I only gave four stars because I have used better , but the better ones did also cost twice as much . This one works very well , heated a small pot of grease to 350 in about 3 minutes when I fry chicken . I did n't have the quality issues some reviewers had , all my bolts fit and worked , so maybe they 've fixed it . Loved the included accessories with this deal . Two of my friends have burner setups like this , but I am the only one with all the accessories and they are well worth it . The paint burnoff on the stand was n't even as bad as I expected . It still looks good and only burnt off directly over the flame , and was burnt away and gone within five minutes of firing the thing up . I love this fryer ! Oh , and I relish putting up tough reviews so I am not saying I love this just to gush over it.Skip to four months after I wrote that review - Now , after a summer of use and some side by side comparisons with friends , I like this fryer even more .
 I bought this product to use in my Cajun Restaurant . It 's huge , well made , and arrived fairly quickly . I originally purchased a smaller unit thinking it would suffice my needs but when it arrived , I knew it would n't be big enough . I contacted the seller via email and immediately got a response indicating my choices . Once I decided on the larger pot , the seller sent it out immediately and I have been very pleased by the overall experience with this seller . Great product , thick , durable , not heavy as you would imagine due to its size , and very well made . Would definitely recommend .
 i am extremely pleased with my purchase , it is better than expected . Fast shipping , product in perfect condition , very good quality . would recommend .
 I was making a turkey at least twice a month . I would find an excuse to fry a turkey , whether it was a new recipe or St Patrick 's day . Nothing will beat a fried turkey . This product came with everything I need and more .
 I bought this to brew 5 gallon batches of beer . It gets hotter quicker than my electric range and my spills are easily washed away with a garden hose because I now brew on concrete . It brings 3.5 gallons of water to a full rolling boil in about 6-7 minutes . After 5 batches of beer taking an hour a piece , the propane tank is still half full . I love the thing and began using it to boil corn on the cob -LRB- 20 min @ full boil for 6 ears -RRB- and fry up some blue gill . I 'm going to attempt a turkey this Thanksgiving in the thing and maybe even roast some marshmallows over the burner . Would also make a great little heater for the patio when pounding those homebrews later in the evening . The options are virtually endless !! If you like to grill , you will love this turkey fryer .
 I purchased this turkey fryer kit with home brewing on the mind . I am a novice home brewer and this kit allowed for me and the fellow members of the Rat Bastard Brew Club to venture outdoors to brew beer , instead of in the cramped kitchen . This product allowed us to do a full five gallon boil , which provides you with a better product than a 3 gallon partial boil on the stove . I am pleased with this product and the quality of the kit in general , I would recommend this to anyone who has home brewing on the mind .
 This is a nice set and worth every penny , but the same manufacturer , Bayou Classic , offers another set here , same fryer but more accessories like a basket and fry pot -LRB- for seafood boils and such -RRB- included for only another $ 10 . Check it out before you spend more buying this one plus the extras if you 'll use them like we do : -RRB-
 I did a lot of research and if you follow directions , it is safe and fun.It takes about 25 min to heat the oil and 45 minutes to cook an 11 lb . turkey . The pot has a maximum oil level mark and that was the correct amount for our bird . The turkey must be dried well to prevent spattering . Watch the oil temp . so it does not go over 350 . Do it outdoors as the paint has to burn off the burners and it smells .
 I have n't fried a turkey in this -LRB- yet ! -RRB- but I did use it for brewing beer - I needed a big pot and a hefty outdoor burner to bring 6 gallons of beer to a boil . This brought it to a boil in about 20 minutes , when my stovetop -LRB- if it could even have done it at all -RRB- would take hours . This would 've gotten five stars except for two things
 This pot and stove are awesome for homebrewing beer . My boyfriend I just used it to bring our 6 gallon wort to a boil -LRB- It holds 7.5 gallons -RRB- and it only took 5 minutes max ! As far as the condition of the pot , it came a bit dented , maybe 4 tiny dents , but nothing major . It does n't affect the effectiveness of the pot at all . You can smell a bit of paint when you first turn on the burner but it did n't affect on the wort . I would highly reccomend for home brewing .
 I use the stand and the burner for brewing beer . It has working fine for me since the day I bought it . The stand can feel a little flimsy but trust me , it can hold plenty of weight .
 We bought this for Thanksgiving but found ourselves using it more often than just once a year . Easy to setup and great to use .
 I just got this unit yesterday . I bought this to brew beer in , but all I have done so far is boil 6 1/2 gallons of water for about 20 mintues to oxidize the aluminum pot . Once I actually brew , I will update this review . So what do I think so far ? Not bad for the $ . I was going to just get a burner and then buy a 40qt stock pot , but this was only 6 bucks more WITH a 30qt pot . Assembly was not difficult at all , but I would suggest you put the legs on the frame BEFORE you put the burner and heat shield on like the instructions say . You 'll save youself a ton of time and scraped up knuckles . This thing brought 6 1/2 gal to a rigorous boil in about 20 mintues . The flame control dial seems to be pretty responsive as well . I 'm not sure if they stared packaging it differntly since the other reviews but my stock pot came in great shape except for one little dig on the side . The handles are study , even when carrying it completly full of water . The paint does burn off rather quickly , so do this before you cook or brew anything . Do it in an open area too because it gives off some terrible smells and smoke . So all in all , a pretty good deal . we 'll see how it stands up to a brew day . *** UPDATE *** Used this for the first time about a week and a half ago . It was the first full boil I have ever done and I must say it went really well . The kettle di just as well as my stainless steel kettle . It seemed to hold temp pretty well too . This -LRB- along with my new immersion chiller -RRB- have cut out at least an hour and a half from my brew day . Fastest brew day ever ! There is something to be said about brewing outside with your best friend while listening to a baseball game on a beautiful day .
 I picked this up for $ 60 and it was a great deal . The fryer is well built and the pot is also strong . My only complaint is that the heat deflector makes a lot of noise when you 're moving it or it 's in the car .
 Did the whole fried turkey thing the first year . Realized the 2nd year that the oil to cook a 12 pound turkey -LRB- which costs $ 8 -RRB- is $ 50 ! Oil lasts about a year . $ 50 to cook a $ 8 turkey . This will go out at the next garage sale .
 Works well , but be very careful when putting the bird in the pot ! It 's a good idea to put the bird in the pot then fill with water to the max fill line . Then remove the bird and mark the water level , then fill to just below the mark you made . The oil expands as it gets hotter . When the oil is to temperature VERY SLOWLY lower the bird into the pot . Make sure your bird is fully thawed , with no ice or water in it . You will get painful hot oily splashiness if you do n't get all the ice out of it . Have fun and good eats !
 I have done a cajun boil and fried -LRB- 5 -RRB- chickens in this thing . It works great . Keeps heat at 350 deg F well.As for the 4 star rating ; the regulator acted up on me once . I shut everything down , re-started , and everythinghas worked fine since .
 Better than any of them we could have bought at Outdoor world or Academy . The price was great and the product is great . Havent had any issues with the paint on the stand like some do . We use it all the time .
 works great . we have cooked two turkeys so far and they have been wonderful . just be certain to lower turkey very slowly so you do not allow grease to spill over . moist inside .
 I was pleasantly surprised by how well this burner fried our Thanksgiving turkey . It was able to bring the oil to 350 degrees in around 20 minutes and hold that temperature easily during frying on a cool breezy day.As previous reviews have mentioned some paint will burn off but after 40 minutes of continuous use the burned paint was mostly confined to the inner supports.The pot and accessories included everything I needed -LRB- except your marinade of course -RRB- to easily fry a turkey.I think it is worth mentioning that the included instruction book is very clear and thorough . If you follow the directions you should be able have a safe and tasty fried turkey !
 We fried a turkey for thanksgiving in this fryer and it worked awesome . It was windy and rainy when we cooked our turkey and this fryer worked like a champ . Burner is stable and easy to use . The only complaint is the pot was pretty beat up when we opened the box , the pot was dented , but it still worked , and we are looking at replacements .
 Purchased this unit to replace my worn out fryer that we 've been using since 2006 . It worked perfectly this year for Turkey Day . Sure , the paint wore off -LRB- as noted in other peoples ' reviews -RRB- , but it 's an open flame being applied to a piece of metal . Of course the paint is going to burn off . The pot was n't the highest quality -LRB- it already had dents in it when it arrived at my house -RRB- , but it only has to work once a year for my family and it certainly got the job done this year . Simple set up , and solid construction
 I like my Bayou Classic Turkey fryer.It was easy to assemble and made of sturdy materials.It comes with everything you need to fry a turkey , except the propane tank .
 Just purchased this and it was a hit !! Easy to use and does a great job !
 I 'M SURE MY FRIENDS WILL ENJOY THIS TURKEY FRYER - IT 'S THEIR CHRISTMAS GIFT . THEY 'VE BEEN WANTING ONE AND NOW SANTA HAS GRANTED THEIR WISH.I CA N'T SAY MORE ABOUT IT BECAUSE IT HAS NOT BEEN USED AS YET .
 This item is aluminum so it WILL have and get some dents in it . It came with a few minor dents but nothingto worry about . I had to oxydize it before I used to brew beer but I have used it twice now for my extract and all grain brewing . EXCELLENT item ! Delivered fast ! I highly recommend this item for homebrewers , just be sure to oxydize it first . DOIT DOIT DOIT !!
 I bought this and easily installed a valve . It has worked great for Homebrewing and cut brew time in half because it quickly gets water up to temp . My wife is happy because we now brew outside . We only do all grain , but it will work partial mash and extract brewing also . I tried it for use with mash tun and sarge method and with the bag method . Worked well.Great Price too .
 I purchased this product to brew beer . I received my brew kit and fryer at the same time so I was ready to roll . Assembly of the fryer was extremely easy until I realized I was missing a crucial piece . The bracket that holds the burner was not in my box at all . I tore my house apart thinking that I misplaced it in all the excitement but much to my dismay , it was not there . The next day I called bayou classic -LRB- as per amazon 's instructions -RRB- and explained to them my issue . My part was put in the mail that day and they even offered to over night it if need be . This would be 5 stars if I did n't have to wait to brew but I 'm still a little disappointed so it 's only getting 4 stars . This works great for what I used it for and the customer service is great if they are needed .
 This was about $ 5 cheaper than a similar product at Home Depot . The pot had one small ding in it , and the manufacturer could learn to put cardboard between the parts and the pot , but other than that , it is great . Also , for some reason , they paint the frame above the burner . The paint burns off right away , and you probably do n't want to breathe that in . This is a perfect size for 5 gallon batches .
 worked great for turkey , and i also used a paella pan on it . It was very stable with the large pan on it . I did not have problems with the enamel coming off the first time i used it . Good deal for the money .
 The product arrived timely and in good condition . Everything was there . It was packed very well .
 Others have commented that it was difficult to assemble . I did not find this the case . It set up easily . The instructions were easy to understand and follow . It was easy to use . I wish everything was this straightfoward .
 It is exactly what you need to fry a turkey , nothing more , nothing else . It comes with all the accessories you need and assembly is a breeze . The injector is pretty cheap though , the needle is plastic .
 Ive had it for 4 years and I 've fried 4 turkeys in it it 's now become a tradition . this thing is still brand new !
 good staff , we like it very much easy to use and easy to operations , no problems at alll , if you like it go get it .
 I 've had this for years now and it still functions like brand new and is not showing any signs of wear . Works great for the price
 Used it for the first time on Thanksgiving . When it arrived it did not have the gas hose but when I called about it they put one in the mail that day and had it two days later . Great Service . The device that holds the turkey up when it is in the fryer is a little flimsy but worked ok .
 Bayou Classic Turkey fryer ... everything worked well ... turkey came out perfect ! could not have been any easier . Ca n't wait to use it again
 This unit is the ideal size for brewing beer and steaming crab legs ; have not had a chance to fry a turkey . The burner is very sturdy and the propane was easy to regulate . Overall a great purchase .
 Bought this for a crab boil . Make 3 batches in one night , and this turkey fryer performed like a champ . I 've used other fryers at seem to be a bit more sturdy , but for occasional use , this one is great . Ca n't wait for football season , this is going to be great for chili , stews , and Fried Turkey of course !
 I really like this set , it contains everything you need to fry a turkey . I would recommend firing up the burner for thirty or so minutes at a high temp to burn off the excess enamel from the stand and season the stand prior to actually frying the turkey . A great product , good price , delivered on time.I was able to fry a 19.92 lb turkey in this fryer , however I WOULD NOT recommend a turkey that large for amateurs , you should really stay below 18lbs .
 This is my first deep fryer and it 's awesome ! It was easy to use and easy to clean . The set contains everything you need , except maybe a fry basket which can be purchased separately if needed . We used it to fry our first turkey which turned out even more delicious than I expected . This was a very good fryer at a reasonable price and I look forward to using it for years to come .
 this is great for homebrewing . I made my 1st brew in it and it worked out perfectly.you should mention that it 's an aluminum pot and not a stainless steel pot . I was a bit disappointed by that but it did n't mention anywhere in the details what type it would be . Otherwise excellent
 This was the cheapest option that I could find to obtain a large pot and a propane burner for Beer Brewing . The pot did arrive with a few small dings but everything functions great and I am very happy with this purchase . The thermometer even works very well .
 Works great for brewing beer . Recommend firing it up and burning the paint off in the middle before fist use .
 Tried this out of the box for boiling Lobsters , We had 11 of the little beauties including a 3lber . We were very impressed with the burner .
 I wanted this year to start a new tradition by deep frying my turkey . I started doing research and bought this item from Amazon.It was really easy to setup and use . I recommend reading the instructions carefully and make sure to monitor your temp while frying , that is key !!
 Cooked our Thanksgiving turkey just as expected . Easy to put together , easy to use and easy to clean up and store away .
 I purchased this turkey fryer kit to use as a turkey scaulder -LRB- boil water , loosen turkey feathers -RRB- . The packaging was excellent . No dings , dents or bends . I was pleased with the legs and stability of the unit.DANGER
 I read all your reviews , and this one had good ones - so I ordered it AND a basket to go with it.It arrived in a timely manner and was a little challenging to assemble , but not too bad . Took me about 30 mins.I watched a videos on YouTube about how people fry turkeys , bought 4 Gallons of Peanut Oil -LRB- for about $ 11 per gallon - so plan on this expense too -RRB- - and proceeded to practice frying a whole chicken , some mushrooms , and a couple quartered potatoes . Everything turned out really , really good!BTW - You CAN use Canola or Safflower oils , but Peanut oil has the highest flash point and tastes freekin ' great.The next day , I used the burner and my iron skillet to pan fry a Porterhouse steak - which was great because it was faster than the grill , used less fuel , did n't smoke up the house , and made a great steak!I think I got my monies worth on this - and enjoyed cooking with it . ; - -RRB-
 We bought the fryer to use it for a Louisiana style shrimp and lobster boil . It worked really well ! It was so easy that we 've decided to try a fried turkey this Thanksgiving .
 Awesome starter kit . It comes with so many of the accessories that other companies charge extra for . It was pretty easy to assemble and it worked great .
 I ordered this turkey fryer to help with the chicken plucking process because I raise a small amount of chickens . I ordered the Bayou classic based on price and what was included . It arrived the next day ! Everything was packaged neat and tidy in a box . Total assembly maybe took 10 minutes . Great product , great price !
 The burner was fairly easy to assemble and gave off plenty of heat to steam crabs . Like others suggested , I fired it up and let the paint burn off before putting the pot on . The pot -LRB- 30 qt -RRB- was dented up and seems kind of thin but worked fine . I actually plan to get a 60 or 80 qt pot at some point so I can steam at least a half bushel of crabs at a time.I gave it 4 out of 5 just because of the dented pot , which did n't affect the function at all .
 This is the second Outdoor Fryer I have purchase . Wore a hole in my last pot . This was a Great deal and the product iss better then the original one I purchase when they first came out .
 Buy Buy Buy !!! I only need this fryer a couple times a year but it had everything I needed , great quality and 100 % satisfied .
 Good fryer for the money . It worked great . Easy setup and cleaning . We fried a 13 pound turkey but you can easily drop a 15-17 pound .
 Got this two days before Thanksgiving and was very pleased with ease of assembly and ultimate function of set . It worked great . Ca n't wait to steam some crawdads , then make some corn , do a seafood boil , etc , etc , etc. .
 The paint burnt off of the burner frame at first use but does not affect performance . The set did not include a wrench necessary for assembly which was inconvenient . The pot was dented but again performance is not affected . The instructions were accurate and clear . The bird cooked as described and was excellent . The set is versatile but uses A LOT of oil . Straining the oil after use for storage is a nuisance . It would help if the pot had a pour spout and came with a wide-mouthed funnel . Having read prior reviews , I was n't surprised by the product upon receipt . If quality is a must , then shop for another brand .
 I 've done 5 chicken/turkey 's in it now and am very happy with the size and heating . Thanksgiving hinged on my ability to get two large turkeys done before noon and it was n't a problem doing them back to back . The oil is quite expensive , but thats just part of it . I got a 5 gallon jug at Sams Club for $ 30 or so .
 Just like many other reviewers who bought this item , I am a homebrewer . It brought a full 6 gallons of water to a boil faster than I could have imagined . This is great for a transition from partial boils to full , and even to all-grain brewing if you use the BIAB -LRB- Brew In A Bag -RRB- method . Our pot came with a few tiny dings in it but it 's just a small cosmetic flaw . Who cares ? It works .
 I purchased this turkey fryer to use for brewing beer . It works great ! A nice kit for a beginner homebrewer .
 This works great ! This is our first and my hubby 's been asking for one for years . He was n't disappointed . He 's fried 4 turkeys since Thanksgiving and mainly because once you 've had fried turkey you never go back to baked and Thanksgiving was my first taste of fried turkey . All of the reviews were fairly on point except we did n't have any issues with assembling it .2 tips
 The fryer arrived on time and in good condition . The turkey was juicy , tender and delicious . The peanut oil recommended is quite expensive , $ 35.00 for 5 gallons at Smart & final , but proved good results . We found it wise to improvise a staff to hang the turkey on to enter it into the hot oil , and remove it . Maned by 2 people , this proved a safe satisfactory way to enter the turkey in to the hot oil at a safe distance . I brined the turkey as recommended , and injected almost a whole bottle of beer , before cooking.The clean up was a bit of a job . I would recommend a flame proof lining under the cooker , if on a patio , to prevent a lot of clean up of oil . It did clean up after soaking it in a layer of oxy clean , then a power hose . We soaked the cooker pot also before scrubbing it out.It is expensive , with the cost of the oil , a bit of work , but very good . It clears the oven and kitchen for other food preparation . Most other side dishes should be prepared before hand , because it cooks quickly . We had a lot of fun with our first fried turkey !
 I bought the cooker for home brewing , when it got here it was in the box just like when you bought it off the shelf at Walmart . When I got it unpacked the pot looked like it had been dropped out of an airplane ! This thing was packed well . Like it came from the factory but yet the pot looked like it had been hit by a truck ! Without a doubt it was damaged goods repacked with the hope to pass it on to someone else . In fairness to Amazon their return was easy , and shipping of a new one was fast . Will the next person take the pot ? They hope so . But the Bayou Classic is a great cooker .
 I purchased this fryer at a yard sale for $ 15 . It was a few years old and well used . After taking a wire brush and high temp spray paint to the cooker it looked as good as new . It fired up nicely and brought the oil up to temp in 20 minutes . For being used and abused the fryer worked great . The pot was it good condition with only a few minor dents that did not affect its performance . The only thing that was broken was one of the rivets in the turkey stand was placed too close to the edge of the upright rod and it had broken . Of course I did n't notice this before I bought it but it still performed nicely and the turkey was awesome . I will be purchasing the replacement holder and accessories asap .
 My only complaint is that it arrived in a plain/regular cardboard box . Is it refurbished?Since it was a gift , it would 've looked nicer in it 's factory sealed box .
 Purchased this unit to deep fry the Thanksgiving turkey with plans to boil crawfish during the season . No complaints about the unit as it performed well . The only problem was the supplied thermometer did not work , I advise testing yours before your cooking day . I also highly recommend firing it up before the day you plan on using it to burn off the paint as it does emit an unusual odor.I recommend the unit .
 This is the only fryer I have used , so I have nothing to compare it too . It was n't hard to set up and is easy to use . The three legged burner is sturdy on flat ground and the pot sits solidly on the flame . The turkey was delicious ! If you do n't want to spend a lot on a fryer , this is probably the one for you .
 This product was easy to use - downside - it did not include the basket as other fryers do .
 It 's a good product , but it cook faster than the info tells you to and you do need a propane tank .
 I read a lot of reviews about this product complaining that it was flimsy -- simply because it arrived with `` dents '' and/or shoddy packaging . You ca n't give a product a poor rating based on the shipping when clearly , purchasing through amazon , it can ship from a variety of different vendors . Ours arrived packaged superiorly well and only a few days after ordering . It was in its product box , which was inside another -LRB- equal sized -RRB- box . Everything was wrapped in plastic -LRB- numerous times actually , it was annoying -RRB- , with plenty of styrofoam and cardboard preventing movement and therefore preventing the pot from being scratched or dinged by any of the metal parts . That being said , we have not used ours yet but my wife put it together with ease . Although the pot is n't necessarily super heavy duty , it is far from flimsy . The base and the burner set up are strong and durably welded as far as I can tell . I 'm not yet sure about whether the paint truly `` melts off '' like some reviewers have claimed but I figure , it 's like a bbq grill ... I 'm sure it is designed to take a beating and if it 's that big of a deal , grab a can of high heat paint and it 'll look brand new again in under five minutes . I 'm looking forward to trying it out before Thanksgiving to be sure and if all goes well , we will purchase a basket for years to follow . I also did a lot of research before purchasing this kit -- many experienced turkey fryers recommend this as a great product for beginners unsure if they want to make the investment in a more expensive set up and I agree . The value for price seems on par and I 'm betting this will come in handy . I will update after trying it out !
 Wow , what a great purchase ! I bought this for brewing beer and am so glad I did ! This has made brewing so much more enjoyable and the full boils are really making a beautiful difference in the color of my beer.Assembly was a piece of cake too ! It took about five minutes total.My favorite feature of this pot is at about the six-gallon mark , there is an inward , rounded groove . I 'm not positive about this , but either by design or not , it more or less kills boilovers before they happen . I 've never actually let the wort just rise , I always stir just in case but throughout the hour long boil , anytime the beer starts to rise it hits the groove and dissipates immediately . It seems the groove sends the rising liquid back into the middle of the pot , greatly aerating it in the process and it goes back down . Whether by design or not , it is truly amazing !! Now hopefully if you 're looking at this item you do n't have any delusions about the quality of the pot . It works and works great but it 's thin brushed aluminum , not some beefy 7 gallon stainless steel pot like you might find for $ 100 more.Bottom line , if you 're looking to get out of the small pot in the kitchen and into a large full boil in the backyard this is a great place to start ! Highly recommended.I have no knowledge of how this performs for frying a turkey . . it is sturdy though .
 I shopped the big box stores and local garden `` specialty stores '' in the North Dallas area looking for a quality , well made , garden sprayer . I was looking for one with a brass sprayer wand and nozzle , metal pump and plunger assembly , and metal sprayer shut-off valve assembly . All I could find in the area were sprayers with the lesser quality plastic shut-off valve assembly , plastic pump and plunger assembly , and plastic spray nozzle . Most had plastic sprayer wands . The Hudson 90182 is a quality product , like you used to be able to buy before all the cheap stuff flooded the market . If you want a well made sprayer and you intend to keep it a while -- as opposed to using it one season and throwing it away -- this is for you . It comes in several sizes , I bought the 2 gallon size because it comes with a longer brass spray wand . For what I needed the one gallon size would have been fine but I 'm tall and I wanted the longer spray wand . If you take care of this product , and clean it properly after each use , this unit will last you years . Hudson has been around for a long time and `` wear parts '' are readily available .
 Much better quality than the cheap Home Depot Sprayers . Pump is smooth and solid , brass wand gives nice spray pattern .
 I will make this short and sweet . For the homeowner who wants a good , reliable yard sprayer , this is the only one I have found that is any good . The other brands have cheap plastic sprayer wands that break or malfunction after a few serious usages . This one uses metal , and will last for years . I have a three of them , one for Roundup , one for bugs , and one for weeds . Pretty handy !
 wow i love it ! It 's great for campfire stews , soups chili ect . And feeds an army
 AS SHOWN IN ALL THE PICTURES , THERE SHOULD BE A GATOR ON THE LID ALONG WITH THE WORDS BAYOU CLASSIC . THE LID I GOT DID N'T HAVE THE GATOR ON IT . CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE AND WAS PROMISED THE RIGHT LID WOULD SHIP OUT RIGHT AWAY . GOT A WHOLE POT AND LID AND STILL NO GATOR . KEPT ONE POT AND LID AND HAD TO MAIL THE OTHER ONE BACK . THE POT IS JUST WHAT I HAD IN MIND AND I LIKE EVERYTHING ABOUT IT . BUT IF YOU ORDER ONE EXPECTING IT TO LOOK LIKE THE PICTURE , DO N'T COUNT ON IT .
 We have enjoyed this kettle for years . I purchased it specifically for baking bread when using the No-Knead method described in / on NPR . I intended to use it out doors , but it can be found in the oven , vying for space with my wife 's over priced clad cook wear .
 I usually have chilli with my tailgate and we tailgate A LOT ! Ask the fans at Stillwater , Mizzou , Minnesota State and Southeast MO. . This pot is a absolutely perfect for chilli or gumbo in the parking lot . I have ordered the propane burner matching this pot and ca n't wait for it to arrive . The heat definitely disperses more evenly with the thicker chilli and does n't stick and burn . I cured the pot three times with vegetable shortening before using . Twice in the oven and once on my smoker . Worth the trouble . It 's like a non-stick pot now . Did I mention it 's HUGE ! Buy this before your next party or tailgate . You wo n't regret it !!
 What a great kettle ! I was looking for something between a dutch oven and a cast iron kettle . This Jambalaya Pot is rugged enough to use outdoors over an open fire ; but , stylish enough to use in the oven or on stove top.Now i have to decide which daughter will inherit this kettle.A great find and a terrific deal , JW FinklerWilloughby Hills , OHNovember 2006
 Never burn your jambalaya rice again . You will need a good hot burner . I bought the Big Kahuna here on Amazon . You can go wrong with this one . Buy it !
 I needed a short hose for my Rain Barrel and did n't want to spend too much.This was a great solution!Now I do n't have to shimmy a watering can underneath the bottom of the rain barrel to collect the water.It works well for my needs & is inexpensive . I did n't expect much for the amount of $ I paid and it 's meeting my expectations .
 With this little invention the faucet is right at your feet . No more reaching and stretching in the most inconvenient palces to turn on the water . Love it .
 Saves me from crawling through lilac bushes to the water tap . Very helpful and has stood the test of two years of use .
 I needed to get my faucet away from the house and have space for attaching hoses . This simple solution did the trick . Because it is plastic and light weight , a tug on the hose can pull it out of the ground , but nothing is harmed . If I needed a more permanent solution , I would pay the higher price for a metal faucet that could be more permanently secured . But for my needs , this is sufficient .
 I have two faucets that have tall hedges in front of them , making it very difficult to reach the faucet on the side of the house . I wanted something that I could hook up to the house and leave the house faucet `` on '' for many weeks / months , and just turn water flow on or off as needed by a seperate faucet . What sold me on this product was the type of hose it uses . I wanted something very strong as it would have water pressure 24 hours a day , including hot sun . The hose used in this product is one of the better ones Gilmour makes in regards to strength.When this arrived I was a little concerned about the plastic spike that goes into the ground , and the plastic faucet shut off valve . However , so far , no problems . But , if your ground is very hard , you may have to wet it down first to push the spike in without breaking it.The valve is a 1/2 turn - acts like a gate valve . Due to this valve opening being smaller than the internal diamteter of the hose , it may decrease the per gallon flow rate . But , it works fine for me when using lawn sprinklers.After using for a few months , I ordered a 2nd one for my other faucet . Of course , if you live in an area where it gets below freezing , you do have to disconnect and remove this for winter .
 The product works as described . No leaks . As other reviewers have commented , the valve is mostly full on or full off - not much in between . Plastic stake of adequate construction - no more .
 I bought the 5 sprinkler head hose but the area between the faucet and the grass was longer than the 1st sprinkler head -LRB- I was able to remove the 1st sprinkler -RRB- , this gave me the extra length I needed so that I could use all 5 sprinklers .
 this product worked great for me , I have a huge bed of canas that multiplied , and made it difficult to get to the faucet without breaking them .
 I purchased this Gilmour faucet extension because the outdoor faucet that I connect my hose to was difficult to reach because of thick shrubs in front of it . I installed this product during the Spring of '09 and it never leaked or had any other problems . I recently disconnected and drained it for winter storage in my garage .
 This is one of the few ways I have found to buy a quality 6 foot extension hose that can be left under pressure most of the year . I use the hose itself with higher quality stake mounted brass extension valves that do n't come with hoses and basically discard the plastic stake valve , although the valve will work well enough for most on-off type situations . The hose is a 6-ply `` Flexogen '' hose and much better than the other short `` hose reel extension '' and `` remnant '' type hoses I have bought in the past .
 Prior to buying this extension , I had to climb behind a vine to turn it on and off . No more ! Simple to install , and made in the USA . Really nice !
 I love it when some simple little inexpensive product can take care of a need in a huge way . Have to tip your hat at times to the people who invent these things . I bought this for my mom who was tired of having to trek back and forth to the faucet outside the house to turn it on whenever she needed water to fill her bird baths or sprinkle the lawn . I bought her a nice long hoseGilmour 10-34050 8 ply Flexogen Hose 3/4-Inch-by -50 - Footwhich reached all the way around the house to her front door . I then connected that to the main faucet and the other end to the Gilmour FX6 Faucet Extension and then I got her another long durable hoseGilmour 10-58100 8 ply Flexogen Hose 5/8-Inch-by -100 - Footthat she can get to any part of her yard with . Now all my mom has to do is open her front door and turn the Gilmour faucet extension handle on or off and she 's ready to go.I recommend placing this faucet extension somewhere in your yard where it will not be stepped on or accidentally run over , which our first one was by the lawn mower . My dad did n't see it when he was mowing the lawn and he ran over it with the front wheel of the mower and broke it off . Thankfully I had bought two of these and so my mom had an instant spare on hand . Considering the price it might be wise to buy two just in case.All in all this is an excellent little product that offers a big convenience , especially for older folks who do n't want to walk around their house every time they need to turn the water on or off .
 It comes on a card , like a hose . It is easy to hook up and seems to be made of decent material . I have had it for a month or so and it really solves a problem I had with the faucet behind bushes . I wish I had found this a long time ago .
 When I hooked up the extension water immediately sprayed out from behind the connection to the spike and I thought I would have to send it back . But I looked and there was no rubber washer and once I bought one and put it in , the problem was solved and it works well .
 I did n't need the plastic valve that was included , but ended up using it . I was sure that it would n't hold the pressure and that it would leak . It did n't . I 've watched it for a week now and used it daily . No problems . The hose is of better quality than the original that came with my hose reel and should last a lot longer . I liked it well enough that I purchased a second one .
 I actually spent a lot of time looking at all the options before selecting this glove . I have large hands for a woman , but the ladies ' large fit just perfect . They are very comfortable -- more comfortable than the sports gloves I had been using . Rose thorns do n't poke through and the sweat wiping thumb is a nice detail . They are a little warm for hot Georgia summers , but what glove would n't be?I will use them for gardening , kayaking , and moving heavy objects .
 West County makes excellent gloves , they fit well and are well made . I do prefer the classic gloves however because the have an extra 2 inches of fabric up the wrist .
 I have used these gloves for years and have been completely satisfied with them . They fit perfectly and are the most comfortable work gloves I 've ever had . These gloves have intelligent design with breathable material , reinforced stress points and a terry brow wipe . The wrist has elastic with a velcro closure for perfect fit . They are strong and durable while allowing a level of flexibility other work gloves do not offer . I will never buy a different brand again.I am so impressed by these gloves that I recently gave my sister a pair since she uses work gloves for the many community beautification projects she volunteers for . She loves these gloves also , and told me they are the best , most comfortable work gloves she 's ever had.So there you go , two high recommendations for these gloves in one review.As an added bonus , these gloves are environmentally friendly . As the packaging states
 The best gloves I have ever owned ! I live in the USVI and have a lot of cacti in my yard . The hardest quality to find are gloves that can handle the sharp needles on the plants . These gloves out performed any I have ever had .
 My wife had a pair of West County gloves which she loved , kept her hands warm in winter , were waterproof , had a soft liner which did n't chaffe her knuckles , and had good gripping ability . She uses them to work outside in the winter , taking care of bird feeders , handling bird baths , driving , etc. . She completely wore them out , right throught the leather tipped fingers . However , this West County glove was not what she had . This glove is not warm , and not waterproof . I found out that the glove she wanted is called the womens waterproof glove by West County . She has decided to keep these to wear in the spring and summer when working outside and in the garden . So right now , can not evaluate these gloves properly , and will have to wait till they have been in full use .
 These gloves were a gift and were exactly what they asked for and they arrived in excellent condition and was received on time ! Met expectation .
 These gloves have everything
 So happy I ordered these gloves . I have gardened for over 40 years and never had a problem with gardening gloves until the last several years . Now most gloves bought in hardware stores and garden centers are made of awful synthetics that do n't breath or fit and even make hands smell bad ! Not these !! They fit great , they breath so well even in hot weather and they are extremely comfortable . Plus I really liked the sweat pad in the perfect location . Glad I bought two pair .
 Best gardening gloves ever ! They are very comfortable and your fingers feel very nimble with them on . I do a lot of yard work and these gloves are my favorites . I have purchased many pairs as gifts for other gardeners and they all love them as well .
 West County Gloves are the most comfortable of -LRB- sturdy -RRB- gloves I have tried . I work hard in my garden and love these gloves even though I had a problem with their `` Work '' glove breaking out at two finger tips . I contacted the Company and they sent me a new pair under warranty . -LRB- I emailed them photos of the glove so no time consuming / costly returns were involved -RRB- . They sent along a pair of their `` Landscape '' Glove to try out , too . It is made with kevlar , a little less flexible , but still comfortable and will probably hold up better . My sense is that their Quality Control division is always looking for ways to improve their product . My kind of company .
 These gloves seem great ! I bought them for my Mom who never buys nice things for herself . They were a little more pricey that I intended , but anything for her ! She has n't used then yet since it is winter , but they seem very durable . They are plenty roomy , I got her a large because she had bigger hands than me and she keeps her nails fairly long . The large fits her perfect she can move her fingers a lot and they are not constrictive . She things they allow breathing too which it good for when you are working in the yard .
 I bought these gloves several years ago in a grocery store . I just loved them but unfortunately like all things they wore out . I went on the internert and did a search WALA there they were so I was able to replace them . I am a theraputic riding instructor and I use them all the time out at the barn .
 I bought these for my mother-in-law . They are very nice gloves with a well thought out design .
 Due to my excema , I need to wear breathable gloves . The West County 014GM fit the bill .
 Definitely worth the money , since the other option is hand picking up with plastic bags . Where the scoop and rake screw on it does loosen up with each use , so make sure fully tightened or that poo may fling right off with the scoop .
 We had -LRB- operative word , `` had '' -RRB- a serious problem with ground squirrels . They were destabililzing the hillside below our house -- not a good thing . This simple device has done a great job of significantly reducing the population and the damage . Its design reduces the probablilty that a unintended target can get to the bait . Having fewer ground squirrels around does n't bother me any . They also are know carriers of the plague !
 I prefer drop spreaders like these to broadcast spreaders because I feel they 're more accurate . This spreader is easy to assemble -- no tools necessary . You control the coverage by turning a dial on the central cable . It 's marked from one to eighteen , so it takes a little guesswork to get the setting you want . The unit 's light enough that even my eight-year-old can use it -LRB- as long as I do n't fill it up all the way -RRB- . After each use , I simply hose it off , let it dry , fold it up , and hang it on my garage wall . It takes up remarkably little room on the wall , about two foot square .
 I am happy with the product but I was disappointed to find out that Wal Mart is selling the same thing for $ 10 less . : -LRB-
 For anyone with a small amount of spreading to do this is the tool of choice . This is the second one I have had ; the first lasted me over ten years . Well worth the money .
 This is a dandy little spreader that puts the fertilizer right where you want it . I also have a broadcast spreader and it slings fertilizer out into the street or driveway and walks . You especially do n't want it slung into flower beds when you are using weed and feed .
 Bought this spreader to use in a small area and it does the job nicely . Not exactly sure why some people that reviewed this item said that the directions were difficult . Outside of someone physically coming out to put it together for you , it really does n't get any easier to do .
 I have contacted Scotts twice over the many years I have the AccuGreen 1000 73445 regarding a broken part . Both times they have been able to provide me with the part FREE OF CHARGE . I did not even pay for shipping ! So , if you have a Scotts spreader , look on the side of the hopper for the Model # -LRB- it is on the proof of purchase label along with the UPC symbol -RRB- and call the Scott 's toll-free Consumer Helpline 1-800-543-TURF -LRB- I even got someone on a Saturday ! -RRB- . Talk about standing behind your product ! I have this spreader almost 19 years !
 This spreader is well designed and easy to assemble ; works well . Unfortunately , it shares a problem with all drop spreaders
 I 've pretty much crossed over into the little-old-lady demographic but was still able to assemble this spreader on my own.Works great and is very easy to push -- lightweight and large wheels . I like the accuracy of a drop-spreader better than a broadcast because I only have a narrow lawn in my parking strip . I 'll use this for spreading snow-melt in the winter as well .
 This small spreader is perfect for my .27 acre lot . I filled it up once and I was good to go . As with any drop spreader make sure you overlap if anything or you will end up with unfertilized lines in your yard . The large wheels make for an easy push . If you need to fertilize a small yard then get this accurate drop spreader . Make it a point to go organic too , it will prevent a lot of problems with your lawn .
 This product arrived in perfect shape and went together very easily . It took less than 10 minutes to calibrate it . Since I have n't had the opportunity to use it , I ca n't comment on it from a user standpoint yet .
 I ended up getting this speader for $ 3 . . I used my $ 25 gift certificate from Amazon that I got in the mail and this spreader had free shipping with it . . so I think I got a great name brand spreader for $ 3 . . you ca n't beat that . .
 the coolaroo was recommended to me by a friend who has his own . i trusted his advice and ordered mine online . it came quickly , was in a lightweight box . i assembled it easily with a friend helping me . it is very lightweight and will skitter across concrete in the wind , so i anchored the legs by putting them in large flowerpots with stones in them because i did n't want to drill holes in the concrete . i love to sit outside under the shade -LRB- I do n't have any trees in the backyard -RRB- . i 'd really recommend this product .
 From the 13x11 description , I assumed that it was rectangular . Its a hexagon ! Not as easy to fit on deck but we made it work . Easy to assemble , needs no tools but definitely needs 2 people to set up . Took about an hour . Hardware provided to screw into decking to make secure . Shade is excellent but it is n't waterproof .
 My wife ca n't help constantly calling it the `` coolaroo . '' It offers a nice , large shade area . It allows the breeze to blow through . Do n't confuse this shade gazebo with other products that are designed to keep you dry . The coolaroo sure does cool-a-you ... Love it !
 It does cool like advertized . We used it last summer , put it away over the winter and plan on putting it up this summer . It is still in great condition .
 Used this gazebo for a party and loved it . It was sturdy and easy to put up . The amount of pieces make the task seem daunting but it really only took a few minutes to get it all up . Love it .
 This tent was probably one of the best purchases i have made . It 's easy to assemble , durable , very nice looking -LRB- classic look -RRB- , and easy to dissasemble and comes with a nice bag for storage and everything actually fits back in the bag ! Helpful tip
 I purchased this one to replace one I had for many years . They are an outstanding value for the money ! It provides much needed shade for my back yard , along the poolside . Thanks so much !
 What a wonderful product !! -- easy to assemble , light weight and screens the sun from our deck where it is installed . Not to be misled the gazebo is not rain proof and required two people to install due to its size -LRB- not weight -RRB- . As a bonus it has very nice lines and attractive in both color and design . You will not find any covering better at this price point . Enjoy ...
 Good quality and delivery . Like the breathable material it 's made from . Not as hot as a solid fabric item would be . Even the wife likes it !!
 I was very pleased with the Coolaroo Shade Gazebo . It was very , very easy to assemble , though it did require 3 people to support it while assembling in order not to put strain on the poles and top pieces . It is nice and it is amazing how much heat it blocks providing a nice shady and cool area in which to entertain !
 Dramm makes outstanding products . This is a joy to use around the yard . Its included breaker is great for watering the flower beds and large potted plants . I would recommend buying one of dramms other size breakers like the 1000 `` Redhead '' , if you have smaller more delicate plants . Solid construction , great deal . Do n't bother with the cheesy water wands you find at improvement stores , you will love this heavy duty wand .
 First of all , it was a pleasant suprise that the item was available . Price was good . Shipping seemed a bit high but package arrived in an acceptable timeframe and was packed well . Communication was okay . USPS shipments seem to arrive before tracking info is available but that is no fault of Amazon . I have a high trust factor on any Amazon order and see that they take pride in customer satisfaction & followup .
 Just did some spring time cleanup in the yard to try out this new line . 10 mins of trimming and I ca n't help but hit cement . To keep the story short , I did not have to advance the line in that 10 mins . With the OEM line , I used to have to advance the line every 4 mins or so .
 I am satisfied with product although it was not quite what I expected . Description was not clear .
 Try this line once and you 'll never go back to the `` shaped '' line or round junk ever again ! This stuff holds up and really cleanly cuts through the grass . I have St. Augustine grass which is a very tough grass to trim . This stuff is the only product I have tried that does not dwindle away . Of course , if you hit concrete , you need to tap the head and get more line , but if I 'm careful to avoid hitting anything but grass , I have trimmed the whole yard on the same line ! GREAT PRODUCT !
 This mailbox is really sturdy and very attactive . Highly recommend Amazon for their fast service and great price . It is easy to install just needs a straight post to screw the heavy plastic post onto . It 's great for kids to get the mail because they can get it from the opening in the back , without stepping around onto the street . The one I received has a beige post and mailbox , with a brown roof , not green as pictured but I still LOVE IT !
 The mailbox was easy to assemble , but was a little tricky to install because we re-used our old 4x4 post and it was a very tight fit . The quality control could have been a bit better
 We are happy with the look of the mail box . It is not as `` sturdy '' as we had hoped . We 'll see how it `` weathers '' . Have only had it about 3 weeks .
 Easy to install . My husband said , For the price the 4x4 should be included . I am pleased with the size and look .
 This is an adorable mailbox . Gives great curb appeal . The color of the roof is n't the green color that 's pictured , it 's more like a tan or light brown color . That was the only disappointment since my house is green and if the roof on this mailbox was green , it would 've matched our house better . But overall , this is a great looking mailbox .
 This is a great mailbox for the price . Most of my neighbors are swithching from the wooden post with the metel mailbox to the heavy duty plastic models . This one is a little different . I think it has more personality than the plain ones . :-RRB- We used our old mailbox post to stabilize it . Just cut off the top part where the old mailbox was mounted . It gives a lot more support than the recommended post which is way too short , and it is free .
 Mailbox is as described . It is much smaller than the previous one that I had . IF you receive packages or lots of mail , do not purchase this one !
 Mail box is very easy to install . Works great for a seasonal home as you can loosen two bolts and store the mailbox for the winter . The only negative is it 's a little bit flimsy when bolted to the post .
 the nices easyest mail box i have ever put up it goes great with my house and looks a lot like my rubber maid shed my mail lady just loved it and brought herself one for her home
 Love it . I 'm waiting to see how much fits during my vacation since I get almost every catalog known to mankind .
 this mailbox was a snap to install . the hardest part was digging the hole . the customer service was just that . SERVICE !! instead of pushing a lot of numbers and listening to computer generated voices transferring you to somewhere in india , a real american in america will go to no ends to help solve your problems . mike was awesome . if you do n't find this company and this product to be everything you wanted it to be , you wanted more than you paid for or deserved . i have one foot in the grave and all i can say is we raised a bunch of selfish babies whose favorite thing in this world is `` me '' . i 'll be gone in a few years but you poor young people are no where ready for what 's coming in the next two decades . make sure you 're children learn mandarin and russian .
 It looks good in front of my stucco ranch house . I was able to install it in a little bit over 2 hours , most of the time spent on digging and hammering in the 4x4 post . And it kept the mail dry after 2 winter storms already -LRB- did not have the problem of mail getting wet as described in a few other reviews -RRB- . The only complain is with the security . The design is not very difficult to defeat by reaching into the column .
 I have had this mailbox for over 5 years now and it still looks like new . I have left it aged so it is getting a nice `` lite green '' look on it , it makes the fake stones look so much more realistic . We bought this when we were traveling alot , sure beats holding the mail whenever we went away . We get the mail about once a week now , it just waits for us to open it up . Makes for a great weekend activity to bring the weeks junk mail in at once and throw and shred at once instead of letting it pile up inside the house until have a chance to get to sorting the mail.I will remember to not tighten the lock so much this time , the first installation I tightened it too much and ended up bending one of the keys , but still had another key and have been using that key for all these years.Now we have just bought another house and getting ready to move and wanted another mailbox like the one we have had for so many years . And , here it is and what is even more surprising that in all these years the price has gone up ONLY $ 10 !!!!!!!!
 I bought this mailbox thru amazon and love it . It was so easy to put together and it looks great . I have had problems with my mail being tampered with and perscriptions being stolen and this will solve the problem . I love it and will probable buy another just for a spare . It is great if you are going on vacation because it will hold so much mail at once and nobody has to know your gone by your mail stacking up in the box . This was a great tranaction and good customer support .
 All in all this is a good product . My only concern is that the lock could easily be removed from the front mailbox opening with a simple screwdriver thus negating any security . I screwed a block of wood in front of the lock on mine to eliminate that possibility . It is nice to have several days of mail accumulate without having to contact the post office and put on a `` hold '' .
 The power went out in our neighborhood the other day , so everyone came out of their homes to see what was going on . While we gathered and talked on our block , everyone commented on the nice mailbox we have . Most peoples mailboxes are so boring.The removable tray insert eliminates the need of having to go to the post office and suspending your mail when you go on vacation , or leave town for whatever reason . I 've had it up since Father 's Day this year and it still looks brand new .
 pretty nice mailbox !! the hole for the lock is a little messed up . it would n't hurt to thin the inside surface an 1/8 inch to allow a little more thread for the nut to hold . i squeezed it good with pliers to help MAKE it work ! give it 4 1/2 stars ! : -RRB-
 It is a nice looking box , better than we expected . It holds a lot of mail . Installing the lock was a bit challenging . Too bad they do n't install it at the factory .
 Had one of these at my last house , and just had to get another . Just put this one on my side porch and it works out great . No more worrying about what to do about your mail if you have to be away . My mailman loves it as it has a nice roomy mail section in the top , and he does n't have to cram things into my old wall mount mailbox . Looks great , too .
 Mailman loves it ; me too . Works fine for me . Looks nice at the front entrance of our home . Sturdy Unit
 Step by step assembly instructions were easy to follow . Space constraints required that I mount my box backwards to access keyed lower compartment , but this was easily accomplished as it has a door in each end , just mounted roof backwards too so red flag is on correct side . Postman puts mail in one end , I retrieve it from the other end without leaving my front porch . I 'm looking forward to my next trip when I can just remove the floor to box and let mail drop into lower compartment to await my return ; no need to bother friends or relatives to come by to pick up mail during my absence .
 Bought the first one 13 years ago , still working great and looks good.The biggest mail problem in our area is car-bound thieves driving up and raiding boxes then quickly driving off with the contents , checks , prescriptions , etc. . The box is great in that they dont take time to try to defeat it . You could with a moderate degree of effort . It is after all , a mailbox and not a bank safe . Most criminal morons are opportunists and not rocket scientists.Never used the floor plate , always the deep box . Had some surprisingly large packages fit in it . Its been great for handling mail when away for a few days to weeks.Now to a new house and a new mailbox .
 I already loved this mailbox , but after our epic windstorm the past 48 hours , I REALLY love it ! Huge pine trees and roofs in the neighborhood are gone , but my stoic little mailbox is still there ! I did lose one of the upper doors -LRB- not the security locking one on the bottom -RRB- and I 'll get a replacement for that , but if you 're looking for another reason to buy this , here it is !
 I bought this mailbox since the one that came with the house we recently purchase was very flimsy . It was fairly easy to install and from owning it a couple of months it seems to do the trick . Its not very secure in the sense that letting your mail sit in there for a couple of weeks will be okay unless you have sensitive mail.Otherwise , please by all means go to the post office and have your mail held.Mailbox is really nice looking it matches our house and is very sturdy and allows for about 2 weeks worth of mail and maybe small box packages . Its waterproof since its made of vinyl . I would recommend as an upgrade mailbox from a simple metal mailbox that you stake into the ground.I am very happy with ours . Its also different from all other mailboxes in our street . I also got it for a great price from Amazon since Home Depot sells it for a lot more online . Amazon shipped very fast . Would recommend .
 Worked out very well and is cheaper than lots of the other mailboxes , Was pretty simple to install , would purchase again .
 I got this mailbox because I 'm always ordering little craft things from Amazon and Ebay to teach my grandkids how to use their minds . Well , I 'm also a truck driver and not home much . My little mailbox I had , would n't hold much mail at all , being that I was only home every two to three weeks to get my mail . So I found this mailbox online and ordered it . My husband set it up the day after we got it with ease . It holds a lot of mail , and it looks great . I love it . I no longer have to ask my family or neighbors to check my mail . When my grandchildren goes out to check the mail , it 's like Christmas for them getting so much mail out of this mailbox . It seems to be sturdy . I would highly recomend it to everyone additcted to Amazon and Ebay and anyone that 's away from home often that gets a lot of mail .
 The mailbox was very easy to put together and install generally . It is solid and well made . Very happy with it .
 Buy it here , Amazon has the best price with shipping all around , If this is the mail box that you wanted . It hold a lots of mail . putting in the lock take some time .
 We needed a mailbox that could safely hold 3 weeks of mail when we travel between old and new homes.We only installed this a few weeks ago but it is sturdy and has a large well to hold accumulated mail . Large doors open and close easily and magnetic catch on maildoor has a good hold.Only drawback is that my husband makes fun of its child 's toy appearance -LRB- think Little Tikes plastic play castle -RRB- . With some landscaping around it in the Spring , we will happier with its look .
 This mailbox is perfect for our winter stay in Florida . Even though we have our mail stopped and sent south , we always have important mail that never makes it and stays in our Michigan mailbox . Do n't even try to insert the lock without filing the hole . Other than that this is a great buy -- we got ours on ebay for a fantastic price !
 This is a great mailbox . I read the previous reviews , so I knew to expect a little trouble with the lock assembly and just enlarged the hole before assembly . The mail carrier was a bit worried about dropping our mail into the abyss of the base until he saw the locking door for us to access the mail . The price , even with shipping , was considerably less than buying locally , which was a real perk . I did paint it to bring out some texture and make the bricks more realistic looking . I 'm very happy with my attractive , functional mailbox .
 This is the second one I 've ordered . The first one was rammed by a car and destroyed . I 'm sure whoever hit it has front end damage . It would serve him/her right if they do . We had it on a 4 x 4 x 6 ft long post in about 6 - 8 inches of cement . This time we put it on the same size post but put about 10 - 12 inches of cement . Since we were really pleased with the first one , we ordered the second one to take its place .
 This is fine . Assembly is straight forward . Those who complain about the locking mechanism must not have a rubber mallet . Of course it fits tightly . You want it to fit tightly . Otherwise it is n't waterproof OR secure . I have no complaints . Neither does my mail carrier .
 This is a nice mailbox . Works great when you go on a trip . Be careful when it 's out of the box and not over the post . I accidentally bumped it and it fell over smashing the front door . I called Step 2 and they sent me a new one at no charge . Thank you for standing behind your products .
 This is a great mailbox for those who are away from home frequently . Mail is there when you get home , but you do n't have to worry about it while you are gone . We used to have a neighbor get our mail , but since she moved we have n't given our house key to anyone else . This mailbox fills the bill .
 I ordered this mailbox for my son 's house . It is very nice and looks great in front of the house . The larger storage area and the ability to have the mail locked up when away is great . Please note that you need sand to fill various parts of the mailbox to give it weight . We actually also added a sandbag at the bottom of the box to give it even greater stability .
 This is a great mailbox to have if you live on a busy street where just getting your mail out of the box is a hassle . I also like the fact that if my mailbox is plowed down by a vehicle my mail is n't scattered everywhere .
 The mail box is a bit more difficult to put together then advertised . I had to use a drill -LRB- you are not suppose to have to drill -RRB- . But once together and the 4x4 post cemented in the ground , it has held up well , does n't leak in the rain , and it locks .
 it held at least a month worth of mail and no one knows i am gone . only the mail man knowes
 I give it 5 stars for doing exactly what I want it to do . My mail carrier was always leaving the door open , so I replaced it with a locking mailbox , but the opening was n't large enough , so they would leave things -LRB- like my prescriptions -RRB- hanging out of my mailbox at the street . With this mailbox , I leave the floor out , so all my mail drops to the bottom so there 's plenty of room for almost anything that comes . The reason I would give it less than 5 stars is that I had to fight with it and make adjustments on the parts that were already assembled . The doors were n't hanging correctly and the back large compartment would n't close correctly . Also , the locking mechanism is not a quality lock . It was difficult to assemble and install and you really have to work with the keys to get them into the lock . If I ever decide to use the floor in the top section , it will have to be trimmed down on each end in order for it to lay flat . The way it is now , it wants to pop up out of the slot because the slot for it is too small . Also , when the floor is pushed down into the slot , the back door wont open and close properly .
 It is the best , I love it no more problems with the mail when u are not home great idea on this design . . great look to .
 This mailbox is exceptional , if you need a way to store LOTS of mail . It was easy to install and very sturdy , too .
 This mailbox was a Christmas present for my daughter and son-in-law . They really needed a mailbox and something for packages . They thought this was perfect .
 Looks great , very close to matching brick color of the house . to top it off best price I could find for a mailbox that holds weeks worth of mail .
 This keeps our mail dry and gives us plenty of room in case we go out of town . The bottom can be used by pulling out the floor of the upper box . It is lockable and small packages can be dropped in also .
 You do n't need to stop the mail or bother a neighbor to pick up your mail if you 're going to be gone a few days because this mailbox holds a lot of mail . I just hope the color of the plastic does n't fade in the sun .
 all the neighbours envy it . I get a lot of 8x10 photos in mailers because I edit a yearbook . This mailbox is great and keeps them dry in the rain .
 I owned one of these at a previous property . It holds up well , is easy to install and is great when you are away from home . It was really simple to cut the old post down to size and bolt this unit in place .
 Fairly easy to assemble , lock instructions not very clear , instructions needed clarification , locking part instructions complicated . We did get it together and we do like the mailbox
 This is a very well built mailbox , with lots of storage space . Great for those times when you are not able to get to the mailbox for a few days . I agree with other reviews that complained about the difficulty installing the lock and the weak magnets on the door latches . I installed magnetic cabinet latches that resulted in a much stronger closure .
 We have been very pleased with the new mailbox asit keeps our mail from being stolen . We do howeverwish that it had a place for the newspaper to be putas it is now getting wet on rainy days.Over all I would recommend this item .
 This is the perfect mailbox for people who love to travel . It will easily hold up to 2 weeks of mail + small packages . Assembly & installation were very easy . Best price between local vendors & on-line was at Amazon . Shipped quickly & was delivered to my back porch rather than leaving it in a more visible location such as the front porch . We are happy campers !
 You bet I 'm satisfied
 We are horrible at getting our mail . We like to get it once a week , if not longer and now we can . Thanks Step 2 for a wonderful product .
 I did weeks of searching for a mailbox which would lock , could hold lots of mail , and look decent in front of a residence . This is easily the best of its kind in all those regards . The others have smaller storage areas but yet are more expensive . Go figure ! And to top it off , most are these metal monstrosities which look like they should be in front of a business not a home . Besides which , metals ones are just going to get dinged and scratched over time from rocks getting kicked up by passing cars ... or worse if you 've got any of those baseball bat vandals that randomly drive by . But this one is made out of some sort of heavy-duty plastic that wo n't have any of those problems . My husband even had the overwhelming urge to test it by hitting it with his old baseball bat - it just bounced right off with no damage at all . I have no idea what one reviewer meant by `` it 's not the prettiest mailbox '' . I think it is very attractive , especially compared to all those metal ones , and agree with the other reviewer who said it looks a bit like a castle . As far as mailboxes go , I think it is quite nice . And you just ca n't beat having a mailbox which will hold all your mail -LRB- even small packages -RRB- while you 're away on vacation and it be there waiting for you immediately upon your return - no trip to the post office to pick it up and restart delivery ! Even my mail carrier says it 's the best mailbox she 's ever come across .
 Not the prettiest mailbox , but seems robust , and will hopefully finally defeat the vandals . Assembly is pretty easy except for the lock - I had to file out the hole in the plastic to get it to fit , and I also had to file the lock spindle to let it rotate within its barrel.All in all I would rate it pretty highly , and the price was right
 This is an outstanding product ! The design and construction are first rate . For anyone that has to travel on a regular basis , this mailbox 's extra storage feature is a great convenience . Assembly and installation are very straight-forward . However , be ready to use some firm blows with a rubber mallet to insert the locking mechanism . It 's a very , very tight fight ... but a lock should be secure ! But the real winner for me on this product is the fantastic customer service from the manufacturer Step2 . I purchased this product from a third-party vendor . When it arrived the installation hardware was not included in the box ... mistakes happen . I looked up the Step2 web site and then contacted customer service by phone . Not only did I not have to wait forever on hold , but I got to speak to an actual person ! The customer service rep was very courteous and simply asked for my contact/mailing information and told me that they 'd be shipping replacements for the missing parts . The replacement items were received in one week . I was impressed by the product ; but the top-notch customer sealed the deal . I strongly recommend this product and the Step2 company !
 Finally got around to installing this mailbox to replace the old standard . Easy to assemble and it fit right onto the existing post . This is the best for storing ` vacation mail ' . Having a door on both sides ends the dropped mail into the gutter . Do a little faux painting on the ` stones ' to help with the plastic look .
 Very Nice , Very heavy duty , very sturdy . Make sure you grind the keyhole a little with something like a Dremmel out a little before trying to install the lock . -LRB- thanks to the others for this tip -RRB-
 THIS MAILMASTER MAILBOX IS A GREAT PRODUCT ! THE ONLY PROBLEM WE HAVE HAD IS THE OPENING UNDER THE MAILBOX FLOOR IS TO LARGE ! MY HUSBAND WAS ABLE TO STICK HIS ARM IN AND REACH CLEAR TO THE BOTTOM A PICK UP A SCREWDRIVER HE DROPPED IN TO PROVE A POINT TO ME . HE MADE A FLOOR WITH AN OVAL OPENING THAT THE MAIL WAS ABLE TO BE SLIPPED THROUGH BUT `` NOT '' THE ARM ! HE SCREWED IT TO THE UNDER PART OF THE MAIL HOLDING COMPARTMENT ! PROBLEM SOLVED ! WE WERE GONE FOR 8 DAYS ON A MINI VACATION AND OUR MAIL WAS WAITING FOR US WHEN WE RETURNED HOME ! OVER ALL WE LOVE THIS MAILBOX !
 We are moving to a new location and needed to set up a mail box that could hold mail we received for approximately 1 week -LRB- or longer -RRB- . This box did the job - it is pretty sturdy -LRB- noted it listed under toys so was cautious -RRB- and relatively roomy . The box has a `` piece '' that you can take out so that all the mail just drops into the cavernous storage area - our mail man initially wedged letters in between the box and the mail door because he was n't sure what happened to the mail if he dropped it in . However he seems to be doing better now . You can put the `` piece '' back in at any time if you want to mail something - without it there is no way a mailman could reach your sent letter .
 I ordered 2 of these mail boxes 1 for me & 1 for the neighbors . We 've had it now for about 1 1/2 yrs . It is still in great shape . Nice when we go on trips , we just lift up the bottom & when the mail gets delivered it drops to the bottom & we do n't have to worry about any one taking our mail . Even got my mom to get one just a couple of months ago . I would recommend this to everyone .
 I bought this mailbox to stop drive-by mail theft . I live in a rural area and had begun to experience times when I found my mailbox door open and empty . I leave the floor out so all mail drops into the locked section below . I found installation to be easy , requiring only cutting the existing post to 24 '' and lowering this one onto it then securing it in place with the included lag bolts . The only drawback for me is that my old box was larger and would accommodate larger packages . An acceptable trade-off .
 It 's trimmer line and it works well with the special twist . Minimal breakage after loading . No fraying . The red color seems to contrast against the grass which makes it seen a bit easier than green line.Loss of 1 star because they sent me a 213 foot spool , while the description states 230 feet . Magic shrink ray like we see in the grocery stores ?
 Vibrant colors on both sides of all flags . Only a few missed spots on the gold painted tips . They are fairly stiff out of the box , so it 'll take some breaking in and time before they look like they 're hanging naturally .
 Got this product because I was tired of winding two spools in one - while watching someone else load their trimmer with one pre-cut length of trimmer cord ; I thought , `` Why not me ? '' So I went shopping ~ or rather , my fingers did ... I did read the directions - but I could not think why the manufacturer would keep the old , upper-half , of the rotating housing . DO N'T QUESTION IT !!! Just do EXACTLY as the instructions tell you to - and you will be pleased ; quick and easy reloads with a slightly heavier head . -LRB- PS - Yes , you can edge with the new head -RRB-
 I actually fit this to a B&D electric trimmer -LRB- GH600 -RRB- , although it was n't easy . It 's not supposed to be easy tho , as Grass Gator does not claim this will fit electric models . The product works well and the bump feed seems to work fine too . I have not yet had to reload it but I love the idea of putting one piece of line in the head unit , center it up , and wind it in . Incidentally , the product came with no instructions on how to reload , but I found it at Grass Gator 's website . Now my electric trimmer is burning up because this head is too much for it to spin , but that 's not Grass Gator 's fault . I would definitely put this on a gas trimmer to repair it .
 I put it on a Ryobi , the instructions were not veryclear but eventually when I discovered thatI had to remove some bolts etc. it worked well
 This little circle punch is great . The grips are comfortable and the hole is exactly 1/16 , super small . I have used it quite a bit and it still seems sharp . Very happy with it !
 Arrived as shown in a timely manner and works as described . Does the job I purchased it for well . Good purchase price . Good purchase .
 Last year I promised the kids next door that we would make vintage-greeting-card-box craft projects for their parents . We need to punch about 75 , 1/8 '' holes in each project . In 2011 I purchased a hole punch that has several size hole punches on a wheel . Using it was too hard to punch so many holes through cardboard . After getting tired of the kids ' whining about not making the projects , I finally found this Fiskars 1/8 '' hole punch on Amazon . Terrific product . The kids will be able to complete the project on their own .
 Works fine for making template punches . Easy to use . Would recommend this product to other template makers , especially quilting templates .
 I bought this punch for cardmaking and punching holes in labels , so I could add a tie-on-to-something string . It 's great .
 I would probably never find these in a local store and to find them at an even better price sold me . I needed something to punch a small enough hole into card stock for custom earring cards . These work perfectly !
 This punch is very easy to use and gives a clean cut hole . This punch is a rarely used size , but for some of the die cuts , it is perfect for punching out and cleaning up small holes .
 I use these Fiskars Hole Punch to make cards for my handmade jewelry . I would recommend these for use to anyone .
 i got this punch because i made my own wedding programs . i made a booklet type program and got this punch to make the holes so i could place brads to hold it together . i had to punch through two pieces of cardstock and five pieces of paper and had no trouble . it took very little effort surprisingly -LRB- i had experimented with another punch and had to use a significant amount of strength -RRB- . i loved the way they turned out and was super pleased with this product !!
 This nifty hole puncher certainly gets the job done at our house and childcare ! I use it frequently to hang up the kids ' art -LRB- punches construction paper effortlessly -RRB- , create lacing projects for them -LRB- through thick , 5-7mm lamination -RRB- , and let the kids punch holes in paper . If it 's held up to my constant use AND that of the kids , you know it 's durable . The grips are comfy -LRB- and have never fallen off -RRB- , it punches through a few pieces of paper smoothly , and I LOVE LOVE LOVE that it catches the punches instead of dropping them all over my floor -LRB- I then save those for the kids to use wherever their artisitc creativity takes them -RRB- . The puncher does n't get stuck like many others I have used . The price was ever-so-slightly higher than what I wanted to pay , but it 's ergonomic handles are infintely better than the basic metal punchers I 'm used to .
 If you are a quilter who uses templates , you know how important accuracy is to making all the pieces fit together as they should . I found that when I used plain templates , sometimes the quilt pieces would n't fit properly . I was using the quarter inch method - sewing a quarter inch from the edge . If the seam allowances were just a tiny bit off , then the quilt would never fit together properly . I started punching a little hole in the template wherever the seam ends . Then all you have to do is match the little dots on the two pieces you are sewing . You just sew from one point to the next . This little hole punch is perfect for marking these points on your quilting templates .
 I love this product . It allows me to make very small hole in the paper stars I make . Much better than the 1/8 '' hole punch I had before .
 This punch is not for everyone ! It punches a super small hole - 1/16 '' . I personally find my 1/8 '' punch the most practical and necessary punch to own , BUT this punch works really well for smaller tags and smaller holes needed for string or smaller width ribbon ! Very easy to use , and keep your work space clean - the punch has a confetti collector attached . I recommend this for the avid crafter ... otherwise go with the 1/8 '' punch which is amazing for most projects ! To give an idea of size , the 1/4 '' hole punch is the usual punch size in the office i.e. a sheet of paper .
 this small hole punch was just the ticket for what I needed . I create stained glass jewelry and have a small story card . Wanted a small delicate strand to attach said card . Unfortunately everything else was too big . This little hole punch was a perfect match for me . I recommend it to all my artist friends who have the same dilemna ! Thanks , Fiskars !
 Great punchers that do n't stick , and have a `` dots '' catcher that is easy to empty . The cushioned grips make them very comfortable to use .
 I own a small retail company and this whole puncher is the PERFECT size for punching those tiny holes in tags to put on my clothing items . Highly recommended !
 ... to complete my project . Description was perfect , sizing correct and fit the bill . I particularly liked the cushioned hand grip , no pressure points for hands that deal with R.A.
 They do a good job at what they are supposed to do , reflect ! I have them lining my driveway . Just be careful screwing them to things as you can break them .
 This is a great little pump that will work in a variety of table-top fountains . I 've used it in fountains that I 've built , as well as used it to replace pumps in store-bought fountains . It 's the perfect size and offers an adjustable water flow so that you can set it for the desired effect . The pumps are very reliable , although they sometimes gets clogged in my outdoor fountains . But it 's quite easy to snap off the plastic screen and clean it out . A good choice if you build small fountains .
 Bought this for my Exo Terra Nano -LRB- 8 `` X 8 `` X 12 '' -RRB- Terrarium -LRB- I can only put about 2-1/2 inches of water in it -RRB- and used a 10 '' riser to the top and it works fantastic . I adjusted the flow to high and it has no problem pumping the water to the top to make a nice waterfall . Runs silently too !
 The micro pump arrrived on time and in great condition . The price was right . This item fits into a small fountain .
 This nifty hole puncher certainly gets the job done at our house and childcare ! I use it frequently to hang up the kids ' art -LRB- punches construction paper effortlessly -RRB- , create lacing projects for them -LRB- through thick , 5-7mm lamination -RRB- , and let the kids punch holes in paper . If it 's held up to my constant use AND that of the kids , you know it 's durable . The grips are comfy -LRB- and have never fallen off -RRB- , it punches through a few pieces of paper smoothly , and I LOVE LOVE LOVE that it catches the punches instead of dropping them all over my floor -LRB- I then save those for the kids to use wherever their artisitc creativity takes them -RRB- . The puncher does n't get stuck like many others I have used . The price was ever-so-slightly higher than what I wanted to pay , but it 's ergonomic handles are infintely better than the basic metal punchers I 'm used to .
 This punch does n't have the reach my old one has , but the old one stuck and did n't punch cleanly . This one punches easily and cleanly .
 This hole punch does exactly what it is advertised to do - punch holes . It 's a 1/8 inch hole punch , which is half the diameter of normal hole punches . Make sure that you mean to get the smaller size!Also , the grips on this are NOT latex , so anyone with an allergy should be OK using the punch .
 I wanted an 1/8 '' punch for attaching labels to thin cable ties . This punch is sturdy , punches cleanly , has cushioned handles , and a device to catch the punched out paper circle for later disposal.I did a side by side comparison with my 1/4 '' hand-held punch , made many years ago in Chicago . They seem of comparable quality , except for the conveniences of cushioned handles and paper catcher .
 I highly recommend this punch . Punches clean holes every time . Just what I was looking for .
 I used this to make programs and it punched through 5 pieces of cardstock ok . it left a bit of a mark but that 's because i wanted all 5 sheets punched at once . went through fine and clean ! a lot better than the corner punch i got from fiskars
 It 's sturdy , metal , and it has a cushioned grip . Perfect for those after-school hole punching sessions.Even after 2 hours of hole punching you still are n't getting `` puncher 's cramp '' . Highly recommend .
 Very good price and very durable product . Fiskars continues to live up to their fine reputation .
 Of course , Fiskars is a great brand when it comes to paper crafting , so you know you ca n't really go wrong . I bought this punch specifically for making tags and pendants with Shrinky Dink - if the hole is too small after you bake it , you can actually punch the plastic sheet when it 's still a bit soft - just be careful not to burn yourself !
 I am using this to make bags for our Dazey Seal-a-meal . I was using a leather punch to make the small holes but this works much better .
 Perfect for my needs . The punch punches easily and cleanly . And I love that the little punched-out pieces are caught and do n't get scattered about .
 I enjoy making stamped card gifts . I wanted one of these to add more interest to my cards . These are nice quality , reasonably priced , and I did n't have to drive a two hour round trip to the big box craft store to buy them . Love home delivery .
 Anyone working with children should have one of these . It 's easy to use and the small hole is better for many crafts .
 Hole punches like this are for punching PAPER . It punched through 4 layers of card stock quite easily . If you 're looking for something to punch through leather , cardboard etc. you need to pay more and get a heavier punch .
 I bought these to punch holes in aluminum beer , soda , and juice cans.I make alcohol burning cook stoves . Most I give away ; but a friend sells some of them on eBay.Before I could use this punch for my purposes ; I had to heavily modify it.First I used needle nosed pliers and obliterated the paper guide so I could get the punch over the rim of the can si I could punch the jets for the stove.Second I used a screw driver to pop off the basket that catches the little pieces of aluminum because I needed to see exactly the jet locations.Those two things went fine , and the punch makes nice smooth holes.So why give the punch only four stars ? Two reasons .1 . The cushioned handles . I have no idea what the cushion grips are made of , but I can hardly wait for the cushion grips to fall off ; in fact I am tempted to cut them off because the word Fuskars embossed in the handle , and the non slip texture could easily cause blisters if you have to make a lot of holes .2 . The punch is too short and the small disc often sticks inside the base and you have to use a toothpick or similar to pop out the disc so you can see to punch the next disc . If the punch was 1/32 of an inch or 1 millimeter longer thhe punch would completely pass through the base this problem would be solved .
 This hole puncher was affordable considering how much they cost . However , it was a little difficult to use and the rubber on the handles would sometimes slip off if used repeatedly .
 It 's a good hand punch . It 's easy to use , the handles are padded , it will punch thru plastic tags . I have been using it everyday for about the past 6 weeks and it is still punching like new . What more can you ask out of a hand punch .
 I used this as puncher for led tapes in customizing my tennis rackets . In order to add weight on the frame , I stick the punched led circles neatly at my desired location . Improvise
 I use my hole punchers to make handmade baby blankets for newborns from flannel pieces sewn together with a blanket stitch and then crocheted around the edges with coordinating cotton yarn . The hole puncher saves so much time and gives a professional finish . I would like to have a 1/16 inch puncher as well for finer yarn.Thank you for a fine product .
 I did n't buy this from Amazon , but I own one that I bought from a local crafting store . Being a cute bento enthusiast , I often find myself yanking out my hair when my nori punches do n't cut out perfect shaped eyes for my charaben . While I can cut cute little smiley faces just fine with a scissors , making decent small eyes is basically impossible without a good punch.Having a single , handheld 1/8 '' hole puncher is therefore invaluable to me for making eyes for my onigiri or other characters . Since it 's widely available and punches fabulously -LRB- though you should still fold the nori sheet once or twice -RRB- , I highly recommend it for people who are n't willing to pay arms and legs for fancy punches from Japan .
 This hole punch works as advertised and I love the fact that it catches the paper after punching the hole . I would highly recommend .
 The handles are comfortable , and suitable for extended periods of work . I would recommend these punches for any crafter , but especially anyone who needs to punch a lot at one time.No complaints , great product !
 I actually feel weird writing a review about it . It arrived , and works , exactly as described . How do you exactly exceed expectations ? So why five stars ? I ordered this yesterday , at 4 in the afternoon . It arrived at 8am this morning , at my office . Shazam ! Almost-Instant-Hole-Punch ! Five Stars !
 Punches through several layers of laminated paper sheets at one time no problem . Have n't used it enough to check durability but so far so good .
 Easy to use.Makes clean holesHave used many times.Would highly recommend to others.Wish it had larger handles .
 This product is very helpful and it did work very well . Would buy more from it but in another sizes .
 This size filled in the gap between the very small 1/16th hole and the normal 1/4 &#34; hole . It makes a nice sized hole for making pages for a small notebook 's filler paper .
 I do construction safety for a living , and like to try out different types of safety gear for comfort and function . Most inexpensive safety glasses scratch easily , and quickly become so fogged that folks stop wearing them , defeating the purpose . These glasses I 've already dropped onto hard , abrasive surfaces many times , with very little damage . The plastic frame is comfortable , and the lenses give good vision even on bright , glaring sunny days -LRB- and , surprisingly , indoors -RRB- . I actually like them better than some of the more expensive safety glasses around.For the price , well worth it , even with the inevitable jokes that you look like a bug eyed monster -LRB- construction site humor -RRB- .
 FANTASTIC !! I have to wear safety glasses nearly everyday and these are so comfortable I wear them even when I 'm not working . They fit great , like regular sunglasses . I recommended these to all my female friends in geotech world and they are all wearing them now ! I have them in every color !
 These glasses work as well as they look . The straight back design grips your head without noticeable pressure and have little or no slippage even when covered with sweat . The compact nose pads keeps them close to the eyes reducing the chance of debris getting in from above or below . The lenses do scratch over time , but it took a solid impact to scratch mine . After I scratched up the 1st pair I was impressed enough with the quality , good looks and awesome price to buy another pair .
 This product saves my summer outdoor time . There is a horse barn in the neighborhood and pasture areas bordering my back yard . With this in use , the flies do not carry us away or invade our home . I would not be without these !
 Setup was easy -LRB- less than 1min -RRB- and within 4 days the bag was almost full . Be sure to follow the directions by hanging the bag securely and high enough where cats/dogs cant claw at it . Ordering more bags asap . $ 15 for one is ok , but save some bucks with the 5pack . Flies Be Gone Fly Trap Five Pack
 This is my second fly season using Flies Be Gone fly traps ... I love this product ... I do n't have to spray my horses nearly as much as I did before using these fly traps !
 Read reviews and wanted to try myself . During the summer , black flies come in the house and make eating outdoors unpleasant . This product seemed to lure every fly from my entire neighborhood , and allowed us to enjoy the outdoors again . Its not often a product lives up to the claims and images regarding its effectiveness , but this one does . I bought a 3 pack this summer to get us through the season . Each trap lasts about a month , only because after that it is too heavy and full of flies to hold any more ! Shocking and gross , but my yard is now a ` no fly zone ' for real !
 We have enough flies for the whole neighborhood and this product saved our lives . This is the 3rd year we 've used them and there is no way we could get through a summer without them . Unfortunately , we have so many flies , each one only lasts a short time - no more than 2-3 wks .
 I am very surprised to see the negative reviews of this product . I have chickens in my backyard and I hang one just outside of their coup in the summer months to help control the flies . It is both shocking and amazing how well this product works . And , luckily , it is non-toxic as my dog has gotten into two bags and lived to tell about it.Please make sure to hang the product high enough that it does n't pose any danger to your pets as it is protein meal that attracts the flies -LRB- and my dog -RRB- . In addition , if you have a strong stomach , you can add it to your compost bin when full , but it will be icky .
 i was wrong ! i retract my previous review !! ok , it needs to be a warm day and it needs to be heated up by the sun and then WATCH OUT ! YOU will be the next fly serial killer ! freakish and TOTALLY WORKS !!!!!!
 We live on a Farmette with horses and the flies are usually awful ! We ca n't sit outside for a picnic without them.I tried these traps and low & behold - one day I realized I was not competing with flies for my dinner ! The horses were happier too ! That trap really does what it say it will do and the thousands of flies it attracts and catches - it 's amazing!I Plan on ordering more for this summer .
 The fly trap is awesome , I left it on a branch and within 1 week it started to turn black with flies and after a couple of weeks it was nearly half full with flies and yellow jackets . Since I have installed the fly trap I have n't had issues with flies in my patio area ... highly recommended and I will purchase more to maintain this fly-free zone .
 The size of the trap is PERFECT !!! The first night I put it up , I did n't see any flies , so I was worried it did n't work . But the next day and for 2 weeks straight the thing is backed with flies and hornets/yellow jacket bees ! Kills them all . I put it 15 feet from my front door and now flies stay near the trap and they no longer hover around my front door and almost no flies go into the house anymore ! Yay !!!! I put 1/10 of the bag of food in and so I have PLENTY left over for additional refills . This is the best trap . I would buy this again and again . I bought another trap and it worked but it was smaller and had much less fly bait food . So I would recommend this one above others . I will buy one for my dad too .
 We bought this trap for our barn , as we 've had a major fly problem this year . We keep the stalls and paddocks pristine , but horses just attract flies . I hung this over in the hay area , which is about 40 ' from where the horses dwell . It was slow to get started , but once it did , it started attracting the flies in droves ! It contains a protein meal bait which I think is just ground up `` left overs '' from a rendering plant . Whatever it is , it is really effective . It does start to stink quite badly after a week or two of ripening in the full sun . We live in the high desert , so the water is evaporating off pretty rapidly , so I just add a little now and then . On the plus side , it acts as a horse deterrent , too ! We turned our horses out this morning and one of them decided to try and sneak into the hay area . She got within about two steps of the trap , sniffed and bolted . I will follow up on this once it 's full of flies.Update 8/26/11
 Yes , it works . Takes a few days to start but , boy do the flies accumulate . We use them to keep flies down at a horse barn.Can ' t understand the few people who have left comments who have not had success with these .
 This is our second season using this product and it works !! I 've read some of the other reviews here ... and a little advice . Give the trap a little time to work . The flies have to find the trap ; after they do and a few get in , it is a fly buffet !! It does get STINKY after awhile and if it is close to where people will be , you will need to replace it with a new one when it gets to a certain fullness . I , too , felt the price seemed high . However , after I saw how many of those diease carrying flies were being caught in the traps I put out , I realized that 15 bucks was truly a small price to pay to keep them off of my family and me . As to disposal , we triple bag them and then put them in a large ziplock bag . These traps are amazing and worth the little bit of effort and price !!!
 This item is very effective on all types of flys EXCEPT for the yellow flies that we have in NC . If anyone knows anything that will help with this problem . Please post so we can all know
 It is unbelievable just how many flies can be caught with this . It was totally amazing ! The only drawback was the smell !
 This thing works . It really works . The only suggestion I have is that you heed the instructions and site the thing well away from places you congregate because it can get stinky as the flies accumulate and the weather heats up.Simple but effective product .
 It 's easy to install but it has lots of requirements . 5 feet about ground , in direct sunlight , distance from house etc. I made a video review but it 's on YouTube cuz uploading on Amazon is a pain . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 It works great ... the only problem I have is that I have a major problem with little flies -LRB- almost like gnats or fruit flies -RRB- and this does not seem to get them ... I am very frustrated and have tried other products ... do you have any suggestions ? Linda Stevens -LRB- Linir49er@sbcglobal.net -RRB-
 Ordered one the first time . Amazing , no flies within 3 weeks -LRB- we have a 1-1/2 acres -RRB- . Ordered three more for friends . When package cam in , opened it and laid it on the counch . Thirty minutes we had no dry chemical . Our 20 lb dog ate and three packaaagges of the chemical . She is still alivee.I would recommend this product to anyone . It is so nice not to have flies .
 We are in a neighborhood surrounded by dogs . Dogs and more dogs . Where there are dogs there are dog droppings and where there are dog droppings there are flies . This product has been great . We set it up away from our back door and trap draws them in and kills them . I highly recommend this product . This is my third purchase .
 We had fly problems in our backyard and it did n't help that our dogs did their thing out there . The first day we installed this , we had only 2 flies and 4 days later , the entire bag is disgustingly FULL . My theory is that the more dead flies are in there , the smellier it is and the more it attracts others . We might be bringing all the flies in the neighborhood to our backyard but , bottom line , this trap really works !
 This fly trap is amazing ! I practically had flies begging to get inside of it while hanging it in a tree in my backyard ! The only word of caution I would give is this
 This trap works incredibly well . I kept this trap up for about a month and caught at least a thousand flies.It does have a strong odor when it is warm outside , but for the most part , it did n't bother me . I probably should have put morewater in my trap because by the 4th week , all the water had evaporated -LRB- I live in northern NJ -RRB- . I checked it daily to see how many flies were being trapped . My husband who is not grossed out by many things thoughtit was disgusting to look at . We recently had a BBQ and we barely noticed any flies . This is a very effective fly trap .
 Flies Be Gone does exactly what is says ; catches flies ! My son is in the US Army . These are used in Iraq and Afghanistan and the troops love-em . Some of the websites selling Flies Be Gone have pictures of happy troops using Flies Be Gone ... `` smell might get you but at least the flies are not on you and your food ! '' I 've found that the only time the traps smell bad is when it 's full of DEAD FLIES . It 's time to take it down and replace it anyway . One site -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- has tons of information on flies and how dangerous they can be . Also they have the best prices and shipping deals . Plus lots of pictures on flies and the trap in use around the world ... even customers have sent pictures of their Flies Be Gone in use ... how nice ! Oh , this is weird ; the Flymaster site even has pictures of souvenirs sent to them by soldiers in Iraq ! Have you ever heard of such a thing ? They really like these traps ! BTW
 Unbelievably effective ! One of best purchases Ive made . I actually have not found it to be smelly . I keep it in a discreet location away from gathering areas -LRB- and out of direct sight , it 's not real attractive -RRB- . Must have hundreds of flies floating in it ... its absolutely fascinating ... You might want to stock up .
 UrbanI have to say that this thing catches a lot of flies . The first day it caught fifty and after that it ramped up quickly to two or three hundred a day . But if you live in a city like I do you may not be able to get this thing far enough away from you . The instructions tell you to place it at least 35 feet from the area that you use . But 50 feet is probably better , as the flies are gathering in heavy numbers within 15 feet of the bait . After a few day the bait smell is also obvious at that distance . So if you have a large backyard -LRB- I do not -RRB- put the trap in the farthest corner . Or if you do n't like your neighbors ... PETSThe bait is a smelly powdered protein meal that reminds me of dog kibble . My dog went on a sniffing frenzy when I received the box . She is also lured to the hanging bait . So if you have pets make sure they ca n't reach it . It 's not toxic , but believe me , you would n't want to clean that mess.FLIESAs far as the fly types it catches in my yard , 99.9 % are green bottle and blue bottle flies -LRB- AKA blow flies -RRB- and a few house flies . I have observed many flesh flies lured to it but the trap cover has too narrow a gap for them to enter comfortably . You could leave the top off I suppose but the added water would evaporate quicker in the recommended direct sun . Other extremely tiny fly types I could not identify were also lured but in very few numbers.Yes I spent a lot of time staring at the trap .
 This thing is awesome . I did n't have that many flies in my back yard , but they were around . The fly trap arrived last Wednesday , I set it up according to the instructions and hung it in a tree in an out of the way spot . After returning from a long weekend , I was thrilled to see that the thing was 1/4 full - probably 1000 flies at least . I have n't noticed any smell , but I can say that it is not the most esthetically pleasing thing , but what do you expect for a fly trap ? This is awesome !
 We bought this trap in an effort to battle our terrible fly problem . I think the flies are coming from our 2 dogs , but we also have a lot of flies around our trash can . This trap works wonders . It is a very effective alternative to spraying poisons around the house . It is very easy to set up . All you do is pour in the bait and some warm water and hang it up . Based on the instructions , we hung it on the side of our house where we do n't spend a lot of time . Although there is a foul odor -LRB- the bait as well as rotting flies -RRB- because of where we hung it , this was not a problem . I found it to be very satisfying checking the trap every day to see how many flies it had caught . I 'm not just talking about 10 or 20 flies , I 'm talking about hundreds or thousands of flies.The only problem I had was that it filled up with too much water when it rained . I placed a hook on the corner of my eaves and hung the trap from the hook . However , it was not protected from the rain or sprinkler . Next time , I will hang the trap up under the eave so it will not fill up with water and prevent flies from entering the trap.The trap was very easy to dispose of also . Just snap the top back down , place in a plastic grocery bag , and throw away . I love products that actually work !
 Wow , this is an insane piece of work . Put this up in your backyard , stand back , and be amazed at the awesomeness that is the Flies Be Gone Fly Trap . The bag will literally fill up with thousands of flies . It will get so gross that maggots will start showing up in the bag as well . Cool . So purchase this bad boy , get a can of soda , prop up your lawn chair , and watch those flies soaking in their own juices . The creator of this product deserves a Nobel Prize.The flies in my backyard used to eat away my dog 's ears till it bled . Now , the Flies Be Gone . A + + .
 It takes about 3-4 days to start working but after that , it 's the most incredible product for flies ! 100 % organic . That means no chemicals!Please look at the pictures i posted , and that 's only 2 and 1/2 weeks in Long Island , New York.You ca n't go wrong here . Make sure you buy at least 2 or 3 because when it 's full and you throe it away , you 'll miss it .
 Just three words about this product
 Wonderful product , the flies flock to it . You can get it for 1/4 of the Amazon price at Dover Saddlery . Sorry Amazon ... $ 40 is a ripoff when I can get it for $ 13 elsewhere .
 It 's been about three weeks since I set this fly trap up . At first it seemed that it really was n't working as good as I was hoping it would . But after about a week , and some warm sun , it starting attracting a bunch of those buggers . It was great on what seems to be most variety of flies and it seems to be catching those biting variety as well . I do still have a problem with the kind of flies that like to hover in the air in one spot of the patio and other shady areas . I 'm hoping these will get to join the '' pool party '' already in the bag . Overall , it does what it claims to do which is to capture a bunch of flies . Just be sure to put in a warm part of the yard , and definitely away from where you might be able to smell it . It really stinks ! I guess that 's why the flies love it to death .
 The good
 Fly be gone fly trap - worked wonders . Got rid of my fly problem in my small garden - and i was fly free all summer . i would definitely purchase again .
 I love in a small house right across the street from a hay field in Arizona , and right down the street from a cattle feed lot . Needless to say , I get a lot of flies . Last October , after I bought the house , there were so many flies outside my back door that I thought it was something out of a Hitchcock movie . There were literally THOUSANDS hanging out under my porch and buzzing around . At one point , I counted about 50 inside my house . Never would I have guessed that flies would be the number one prime complaint I have about my house . My father happened to pick me up a pair of these traps to try to ease my problems and I must say , they absolutely did the job . Within days , I went from around fifty flies hanging out on my patio to maybe five . The amount of flies that this guy attracts is simply stupendous.HOWEVER - I found out that this product does have a bit of a dark side in that yes , it does attract flies like crazy , but it attracts dogs as well . One morning after I let my dog out to do his business , he came in and I could n't figure out why in the world he smelled unbelievably FOUL . After a minute or so , I put two and two together and discovered he had punctured the trap , sending the liquid everywhere -LRB- including all over himself -RRB- . He had also licked up and consumed quite a bit of the dead flies in the area , and I literally could n't get within 10 feet of where the trap was broken without gagging.An emergency shower later , and my dog smelled -LRB- slightly -RRB- better . I turned my attention to his health and called the vet . The vet asked a little about the trap and informed me that while she would n't recommend him doing this on a regular basis , considering that the trap bait was non-toxic biomass , the dog was n't in any danger . Furthermore , the gag-inducing smell that had been so strong was gone within an hour . So that was reassuring , knowing that IF the product is punctured and spilled , it 's annoying , but it 's not THAT big of a deal.In the end , I STRONGLY recommend this product if you have a fly infestation , but keep far out of the reach of any dogs because I think they like this trap almost as much as the flies .
 I wo n't say that my backyard is fly-free . One or two buzz around here and there . But one or two compared to the hundreds that existed before is an AMAZING improvement ! I can not believe how many flies this product catches in a single day . It 's utterly mind-blowing . I knew there were a lot of flies around , but had no idea how many ! I plan to use one of these each month through Spring and Summer ! On the plus side - this product really works , and it works incredibly well ! On the down side , it 's obviously an eyesore , so you want to try to hang it somewhere that will allow it to be effective , but not seen -LRB- especially while you 're eating -RRB- . Also , hang far away from your home , windows , doors in order to keep the flies localized !
 Product does its job very well ... attracts hordes of flies for 1 a one-way trip to their final resting place . Depending on conditions this thing can fill very fast . You mix the included fly bait with water in the plastic recepticle and then hang it somewhere and marvel over the course of days as this thing fills up with flies and other flying critters . The bait smells foul , but that 's how it attracts flies , so do n't place it too close to where you would eat outside or have company because a bag full of dead flies is not something you want to look at ... and before actually going inside the trap the flies may circle the trap for a long time , so placement is key to where it is not too intrusive
 After first buying the cheaper FARNAM product `` fly trap '' , and , it did n't work hardly at all , ... even after giving it a double-dose of the smelly fly attractant , I ordered `` FLIES BE GONE '' here at AMAZON . In just 2 days , after delivery , and hanging it ; ... the Flies Be Gone had doubled in what my Farnam product caught in 2 weeks.Now , I 've had it out for 4 days , and this Flies Be Gone is really killing em ' dead . They go to it like a Lion would to a dead Antelope!You ca n't go wrong ! This product really works , and , it 's nice to be able to walk out onto my porch and not have flies flying in . I have mine hanging just next to my door outside , and , the flies are actually fighting each other to commit suicide ! They do n't even bother to sit or hang around my porch . They are sitting on top of the Flies Be Gone receptacle!Yes , the Flies Be Gone costs more than the Farnam product , but , it comes down to how much you want it to work ! This Flies Be Gone works I guarantee it ! It 's basement and garage innovators that come up with these neat inventions , and , whom ever created this product is a rocket scientist , and , a rich one at that !
 This works just like it says and kills tons and tons of flies . Wipes them from the face of the Earth for all eternity . It 's a bit on the pricy side , but well worth it if you have an infestation . Of flies ... and infestation of flies .
 These traps are awesome . I am in the military and have been to Iraq more than once . My job covers insect control . And we get a lot of calls about flies in Iraq . These traps hold A LOT of flies .
 This product WORKS !!! The longer you leave this up , the more flies come in for a landing -- and think that they are at the party ... only to find out that they ca n't escape . They die in this soupy mix at the bottom . Sometimes you will see maggots squirming around in the soupy mix.Ok , this is gross -- I know.I would never have even needed to buy this , if my landlord had replaced the lids on 2 trash cans in the middle of the summer . We had a `` fly infestation '' that was horrid . Flies everywhere . This product came to the rescue , but in the process of elimination , it draws more flies initially to the yard and area where this is hanging.Follow the directions , for sure.Hang this in a place where it is far enough away from your doors where you are not going to have flies finding their way into your home.This would be perfect near a stock yard , stable , or areas where you have a lot of flies congregating . Just make sure that it is hung far enough away from your animals and front door where it is not going to bring in hoards of flies that initially smell the bait and fly to the area .
 I really ca n't believe how well this fly trap works ! I live on the out-skirts of a large city and bought this product to put in my back yard so that I could actually sit on my back porch without being swarmed by pesky flies . I do not live by any livestock or barns .1 . -RRB- Assembly and Odor
 This year I noticed a lot of flies in my backyard , more than I 've ever noticed . When I 'd go swimming in the pool the flies were all around me . I was thinking about getting that sticky fly paper , and then I went to Amazing Amazon . I searched for Fly Traps and there was a significant selection . I purchased 2 `` Flies Be Gone '' traps . This thing is beyond amazing . Mind Boggling . It trapped 400-500 flies in a matter of days . There was only one downside , in the 90 degree heat we 've been having , the bait started emiting quite an odor after a few days . I was n't sure if it was the bait or the flies but I decided to put the whole thing in the trash . I 'll probably use the 2nd trap before not too long . This product REALLY works.Now another great idea that could help the Country in it 's time of need is , the O'Bama Administration could really help Small Business and also reduce unemployment by placing one of these things 300 ' apart all over the country . It would put alot of people to work , it would reduce unemployment lines , it would eliminate all the flies in the United States , and best of all it might even catch some lawyers .
 We hung this up a week before our 4th of July gathering , because flies are always a big nusance at that event . The bag was one-third full by the time of the event and we were not bothered by flies during the event . It 's full now and I 'm going to throw it away and I have another one ready for the next event . I love this product . It has proven to be everything you promised .
 I followed the directions and within a 4 days the entire bag was full . Absolutely crazy . A little pricey but highly effective .
 Last years family cookout was a disaster due to the overwhelming flies bothering us and on the food . We have two horses -LRB- hence all the flies -RRB- and they too are tormented by the flies all summer long . I have always hung the sticky tape and also use fly predators - which just does n't cut it . This year I researched products and read positive reviews on the Flies be Gone . I purchased two and within one day it was catching flies . Now one month later , the first fly be gone is nearly full with flies - thousands and thousands . I have since purchase two more and they are all working great . Today is July 1st and not one fly has bothered us or our horses !
 This is the best fly trap I have ever seen . ACO used to carry it but stopped . Do n't know why when it works so well ! We have to change it every week it gets so full of flies . Once you hang it up , wait a couple of days and you will be amazed at how many flys are in this trap !
 This is an excellent product . It really gets rid of the flies and the service from this company was topnotch . I highly recommend both .
 It made a huge positive difference within a day of hanging it , and caught thousands of flies over the course of 4-5 months .
 This trap was originally manufactured -LRB- and developed -RRB- in South Africa -LRB- They used to call them red top fly traps -RRB- . I 've been using them for over 10 years . They 've changed manufacturers , as the directions used to recommend putting a pinch of soil in with the bait -LRB- which I still do , it does make it more effective -RRB- , but that is now missing in the instructions.I live on a horse/goat farm , and there is a chicken operation about 1/2 mile down the road ... If I start using these traps in the spring , as soon as it warms up and the first sign of flies begin to show , I can do about 3 rounds of traps and by summer , we have very VERY few flies on my farm . No flies are breeding -LRB- It 's just numbers . 100,000 less flies breeding makes a HUGE difference -RRB- . I hang the 4th round , and they never totally fill by then.It also takes care of about 80-90 % of the horse fly problems on the farm ... so the horses do n't get tormented.I only use two at a time , one near the horse feeding paddock , and the other near the goat paddock . It takes about a week to 10 days to load them when the flies are at peak season.These are extremely effective , which leads to the one downside -LRB- for some folks -RRB- . As they fill , they become more effective . It takes a few days for them to start loading ... and once they do , it speeds up . When they are at peak efficiency , they wreak . Which makes them more effective . But you have to have them far enough away from where you are living and spending time . I mean , they smell like a dead dog in summer.When I dispose of them , I where double gloves , and put them into their own bags . Only throw them away the night before the trash is going to be picked up . Otherwise your trash can will smell like you have a dead body in them.I 've tried every fly trap on the market ... and even tested them against each other . If you got a fly issue , and have the room , these are what you need.At $ 10 , they are 35 % cheaper than anywhere else you can buy them , and now they ship for free . This is the deal . Buy them here.If you assemble them correctly , they will not fill with water , even in the worst weather . Just mount them high enough where animals -LRB- dogs , raccoons etc -RRB- cant reach the bottom of the bags and rip them . If that happens , they will become worthless .
 This trap does attract flies , with an extremely foul odor . I hung two up on my lot -LRB- 2.5 acres -RRB- , and sure enough over a few weeks it filled up with flies ... thousands of them . The traps attract flies , and it appears that there have been a reduction of flies inside the house.Now here is the kicker
 I 've never had a problem with the smell and the flies come quickly and attract more than other brands . But , friends who have used this trap complain about the smell . I personally have not smelled any foul odors coming from this product . I highly recommend it and it holds more flies than other products . I also have tried the Rescue Fly Trap which works well and is less expensive ; but , it takes about 6 days for the smell to attract the flies , and it holds less flies than this one , whereas this product `` stores '' more dead flies and works more quickly . Good for areas with animals / livestock .
 This is by far the most useful product for the outdoors . I could not enjoy my yard without a supply of these fly traps . We have biting flies that really hurt and give welts the size of silver dollars and since I 've put these traps out I 've only been getting bit once or twice a day as opposed to 15-20 . I 've used these things for 3 years now and highly recommend them-you wo n't be sorry . I use 4 for 2 acres and put them out as soon as I 'm sure no frost will freeze the water . They collect thousands of flies and are really gross but I can work and play outside instead of hiding on the screened-in porch .
 I never review anything , but this thing works so well I had to comment . I 'm on my 5th or 6th one , and I 'd say each has filled to capacity -LRB- 20,000 flies according to the product -RRB- in a matter of weeks . Highly recommended if you have any kind of fly problem . Beware though , this thing is incredibly disgusting . 20,000 flies rotting in the hot sun smells about as you 'd expect , so do n't hang it near anywhere you spend any amount of time . A particularly vile indication of this thing 's effectiveness is that maggots actually appear in bag amongst the thousands of dead flies after a few weeks . Yum . That 's usually when I spring for a new one . Disposing of a used trap containing 20,000 dead flies floating in a maggot-infested soupy mess truly is an experience - you almost need a HAZMAT suit when you get within 10 feet of it . But if you have a fly problem , this is your answer . Accept no substitutes .
 For some reason we have an inordinate amount of flies in our backyard , which means they get into the house ... I can not speak more positively about a product . I have used many fly traps and this one is the most effective . Admittedly it is the most expensive , but it trapped thousands of flies . It smells a bit , but is worth it to get rid of flies !
 What can I say except
 I bought one of these , followed the directions and caught 3 flies in 2 weeks . I have a compost pile , chickens , and thus a ton a flies.As I was fretting over the lack of fly catching , I noticed many flies around my beer . A light bulb went off in my head.I poured out the nasty smelly stuff in the fly catcher , washed it out thoroughly , and then poured a Miller High Life into the bag.Two days later I easily had 200 flies caught and killed . The design is good , and beer makes it work !
 Very easy to set up the trap . No mess . Just follow the easy instructions . Bought it mainly for biting flies -- particularly deer flies which are in abundance in our area this year . After hanging up it took 4-5 days before starting to see flies inside the trap . This correlates with the literature that comes with the device . The number of flies trapped by the device peaked after about another 2 weeks or so , then began to fall off . After about 4 weeks total , no more live flies were being trapped by the device , and as an estimate I would say there were dozens that were caught by the trap -- but definitely not hundreds . They were a mixture of biting and non-biting flies . The smell of the liquid inside the trap as expected and as noted by many other reviewers is absolutely atrocious -LRB- putting it mildly -RRB- , but is to be expected under these circumstances where you have decomposing flies of all types.This device is definitely worth having if you want to reduce the number of flies you have in your area . As for disposal , rather than to place the whole setup inside a trash bag , I opted instead to dig a hole in the ground , empty the residual liquid into the hole , and cover it up . I would definitely not want to risk the trash pickup people getting the liquid on their hands .
 I was not sure this was going to work since no spray seemed to work . My husband even laughed at me , saying that this product would not work ... well my husband & I are believers , my husband just told me to order 2 more !
 I have to say -- I have some slight prejudice when it comes to products that are featured on informercials . I feel they are usually just gimmicks , and do n't deliver . But when I tried other fly products from my hardware store , and nothing seemed to work -- I 'll admit I got desperate and ordered one . I was pleasantly surprised . The flies flock to it , and its works exactly as it is supposed to . -LSB- ... -RSB- -- a little expensive , but at this point , I dont care -- I just want a product that works to get rid of those pesky flies , and this product does just that !
 I absolutely love this product and recommend it highly . This is my second summer using it , and it does exactly what it claims . I just hung up my third one of this summer , and have to order some more . I go through about one a month . I tell people about it all the time and how great it is . It does have a nasty smell as it gets full , but it 's well worth it . I only notice the smell when I mow the lawn under the tree it is hanging in , or if the wind is in the right -LRB- wrong -RRB- direction . It 's not often a product exceeds my expectations , but this one does !
 We bought it thinking it was not going to work but this one amazingly DOES its job , less flies everyday , I would greatly recommend it .
 Put it far away from your house and you 'll be fine . This thing attracts flies like crazy !
 I am a skeptic , but the flies in our new house were out of control !! I do n't like using pesticides because of the kids and wildlife so I reluctanly ordered the Flies be Gone ... 6 days later the flies ARE gone !! We can enjoy our patio . It is incredible how well this product works !!!
 I was sceptical about this when I bought it but it works . It says that it kills up to 20000 flies but I would n't let it get that far . I let it go until the water was full of flies and it stunk really bad . I did n't put it far enough away from out porch so not only could we smell it , it attracted the flies to us . Once I moved it back , it worked perfectly !
 This is the very best fly trap we have ever used . It keeps our farm fly free . I would recommend it for anyone who has livestock .
 This is the second Flies Be Gone that I have ordered . I hang this away from the area we use and have noticed a difference when the trap is up . I would recommend this to others .
 this product definitely works - even though it smells a bit , it 's worth getting rid of the flys!It 's such an easy fix to such a pesty problem .
 Very easy to use and sharp hole punch - I punch holes in my 1 lb coffee bags to hang them for storage and this goes through the packaging in a snap . I have wrist injuries as well and it is very comfortable and easy to use . Better priced than local officemax and when it arrived it is a better product too -LRB- with the grip -RRB- . A must get .
 Fiskars makes a good product . In using this for a scrapbook project -LRB- my first time -RRB- , I found that it sat nicely on the page , was easy to keep in place and cut cleanly .
 I have n't really used it yet , but I am sure it will come in handy . I do plan to apply to doing my crafts .
 Found this product suggested on a pinsrest project , works great , was shipped quickly ! Does n't jam up and does n't make a mess , Happy Customer !
 This Hand Punch works well . I do n't use it a lot , but when I do need it , it 's dependable . The gel-like handle grips are a bonus . Fiskars usually has quality products so I would recommend this hand punch .
 This punch works as advertised . Fiskars is known for quality products . This is just another example of their good products ! Probably will last a lifetime ! I highly recommend this punch ! Thank you !
 Fiskars has always been a quality brand name , and this product is no exception . Although made in China -LRB- what is n't ! -RRB- , it feels well made and built to last . Pluses
 This is the best 1/4 '' hole punch I 've found , and I 've bought dozens of different brands/models . It punches aluminum Altoids tins with ease . Very comfortable grip .
 This unit works great ! The size is perfect for my needs -LRB- about the size of a pencil eraser . -RRB- Unlike those cheap whole punchers , you wo n't have to worry about the little pieces of paper falling out and getting everywhere.The only reason it does n't get five stars is because I have another Fiskars punch that has a much nicer grip on it that this one . I was expecting just a little more .
 This hole punch is superior to that hand held one you used in High School .
 I just needed a hole puncher . I am handicapped so I have very little hand strength . The sure-grip handles were a god-send . I also love the fact that there is a catch tray , built right into the punch , that prevents the little , paper circles that are cut out from flying everywhere until YOU empty them . Simple and effective ; just great .
 The item is sturdy and I was able to punch holes in stacks of 8-9 card papers pretty easily . It catches the paper `` holes '' so you can discard of them all at once in the end , no mess!It just took me a couple of tries to figure out that the paper has to go under the clip that lifts the hole-catcher . I first put it over , and then it was hard to get the paper out of the punch without tearing .
 It does it 's job . I like the cushiony handle . Cuts cleanly and does n't drop any of the trash bits -LRB- so far -RRB- .
 The punching mechanism on this is better than the $ 4 cheap ones we 've used , and the handle is slightly more comfortable . For the extra couple bucks it is worth the upgrade . Recommended .
 This product was EXACTLY what I expected . Although I was skeptical after reading some negative reviews , I was very please when the chair arrived . As with any AMAZON product , it was well packaged and in perfect condition . The slats of the chair were of beautiful wood , and needed no sanding at all . It only took about 20 minutes to put together , with easy instructions . It fit me perfectly , and I have already enjoyed it this weekend . I highly recommend it - my family is fighting over it !
 We found the chaise lounge quality to be good but the instructions could be better . Pilot holes for the attached table did not match the actual holes for the screws . I believe the chair is fairly priced and will purchase another one in the spring . I would recommend it to anyone that is slightly handy with a screw driver .
 I bought this lounge because it was affordable . All the other wood lounges I found were around $ ... , and that was to high for me . I am so glad I bought this lounge ! The shipping was right on time and the product was all there , no missing parts . It took my husband about 45 minutes to put it together and he was taking his time . The wood is really nice and there were no splinters or anything . The side table is a nice touch . I thought it may be some hokey gimmick but it is sturdy and it looks good .
 No , it is not made of teak and not a perfect lounger . But for the price , it is the best value no other product can beat . nice shape and look . it may not last that long , but every wood product will not keep the same look overtime . I would buy a new one when it lose the look rather than investing money/time to save -LRB- but not perfectly -RRB- the look.One thing I need to mention for people who are considering this product is the size . the length is not long enough , so do not buy it if you are a tall person . I am 5 ' 6 '' and it seems perfect for me .
 The chair is very sturdy and substantial - I had no need to sand places or add additional finish . I have had the chair for almost a year now and it still looks as good as when I first put it together . Highly recommended .
 This is a great chair-it went together VERY quickly and it is super sturdy . I searched for a reclining lounge in the stores here and found them at double the price , and that did not include the great sliding side table . I paid the higher price for you , before it went on sale , and I would pay it again ! This really is an excellent chair at a bargain price !
 CHAIR ARRIVED ON TIME ... !! EVEN I COULD PUT IT TOGETHER . GREAT QUALITY , PLENTY OF LENGTH . TRAY KEEPS MY ICY COLD BEVERAGE CLOSE AT HAND AND HOLDS MY BOOK TOO . WILL BY 2 MORE FOR THE COTTAGE . HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS ONE ! THANK YOU .
 We ordered -LRB- 2 -RRB- lounger , but we 've only received one so far . It is very nice , however.The biggest problem we have found is that it does n't hold much weight . Its very attractive , but if you are a larger person you may want to try a different product .
 Looked around quite a bit and decided on these because of the price . Yes , they are a little short , but like I said , the price was right . I bought through Target and so far , they are fine . The frist one was a little challenging to put together , the second -- easy ! They arrived almost overnight !!
 Assembly takes a little time which is to be expected . But overall , very sturdy and well made . Side table which tucks underneath when not in use is a great extra . Love the look , and it was reasonably priced compared to simular lounges offered elsewhere.As with most natural woods left outdoors , you 'll have to spend the extra money and time oiling it on a regular basis if you want to preserve the color . Of course , getting into the tight spots with all of those slats will prove to be a challenge !
 This is a nice looking lounge , quite comfortable , and the slide-out side table is very convenient . However , the surface of each piece is very rough and can give you a splinter or two while assembling it or lifting the piece to move it . The overall appearance is good , but close up one can see that the wood stain is very inconsistant . For this price , however , I still recommend it .
 This Chaise lounge was easy to assemble . Very sturdy and I feel I got a great deal for the price . I have been pricing these types of chaises and am extremely happy with what I got
 We received these for Christmas and had been waiting to put them together . They are easy to assemble and my husband did all four in a little over an hour . We also sanded them lightly with an electric sander and applied teak oil . Oiling is the way to go . They look beautiful.There are a couple of spots that are n't ideal , but I knew that before buying from other reviews , so I expected it . We just sanded those spots a little more and they look fine.As I read in another review , they are a little short . I 'm 5 foot 7 and they are exactly as long as me . The description says 70 inches long , but that must be including the tips of the sides . The seating area is 67 inches . I measured for cusions and the back is 25 inches and bottom is 42 inches , so 67 inches . The biggest problem with this is the back - when I sit up , it hits right at the base of my neck so there 's no leaning your head back unless you scooch down in the chair.Still - for the price , I love them and I 'm sure will get lots of enjoyment from them .
 I bought two of these as an anniversary gift for my husband and myself . They arrived while he was out of town so I put them together by myself ! The first one took me just 20 minutes ! They are great ! Comfortable , beautiful , no sanding required , no wood treating necessary , no splinters , no holes to drill . And my neighbor actually asked if they were teak ! I 'm thinking of buying another set of them for my parents anniversary.The free super saver shipping at the time of purchase saved me ...
 Bought 2 of them a few weeks ago.Assembly instructions were not particularly clear , so it took about an hour or so , but I finally got it . Make sure you use the right length of screws for the right pieces.Chairs look great . You need to plan on coating them with primer as the wood is unvarnished , therefore susceptible to decay under normal weather conditions.Other than that , happy with the purchase . We looked around for similar chairs , and these were the cheapest around .
 I stumbled upon these lounge chairs on this website . I did not find anything as nice or competitive in price anywhere else.I ordered 4 lounge chairs with red cushions . They arrived within a week , are easy to assemble , sturdy and extremely good looking . I have never felt so good about a purchase !
 I looked all over stores here in Indianapolis for a chaise I liked and found nothing . Finding this on line was a great surprise . The wood is beautiful , it is comfortable , and has style . I am very pleased . So pleased , I ordered two chairs and a side table to match . The free shipping option makes it a deal you can not refuse . Love it . No problems putting it together . American Woods makes quality products .
 we typically buy Tidewater Workshops stuff for the deck . We could n't resist the price of this one though and we were not dissapointed at all . Assembly was pretty simple though there were a couple of misaligned pilot holes . Easy to overlook when you can just drill new ones ! Other than that its well worth the small investment .
 My daughter of 15 put the first one together in 2 hours.The second one was completed in a little over one.You ca n't beat the price , and are really quite nice !
 Having purchased several of the American Woods collection , I can say that this chaise lounge is an excellent value . Assembling was really easy and the overall fit finish is great . Ca n't wait for the table to arrive .
 The chair was VERY easy to assemble . It is also very comfortable for being a hardwood lounge chair . I spent the weekend relaxing on it with a book . The pull out table is a luxury . I do n't feel the need to spend any extra money for a side table . So in a way , I saved money ! I would recommend for all !
 Wonderful chaise . I bought two ! Extra long length , and the built in side table is what sold me ! Aside from the fact I can keep it outside all year long and it 's heavy enough to not worry about it blowing all over the yard during rain/wind storms !
 I was n't surprised to learn that my Chaise Lounge chairs were back ordered . At this price ... , I imagined the whole country waiting for theirs ! It was easy as pie to track the shipping status so I knew when to expect them.There are n't many times I 've assembled anything but I found this easy as well . I 'm pleased with the quality of the wood used . All the bolts and washers and so on were present.It is light enough to move from the shade of a tree to the sun on the deck . The back support is a tad short even at five foot four . It did not stop me from having a well deserved nap . The dog is lovin ' it as well but he thinks it 's a sofa and we need to cuddle ... it 's too hot!Looks great , feels solid , totaly functional slide out table for a number of items . You 'll like it!A five star rating if it came put together .
 I was pleasantly surprised by the quality of this product after reading some mixed reviews . I would say that the directions could use some more clarity , but other than that , an easy installation that wo n't take you more than an episode of CSI to complete . I got a cushion for it at Home Depot for $ 55 that spruced it up quite a bit ... I 'll be buying a few more of these as soon as the snow melts .
 I ordered the lounge on December 19th with the understanding that delivery would be made between December 27-29 . Much to my surprise , the lounge arrived in PERFECT condition on December 22 !! It was a breeze to assemble -LRB- roughly 45 minutes -RRB- and is very comfortable . Because the lounge will be used outdoors year round , I gave it three light coats of polyurethane , as the original oil based finish would probably need to be renewed every two months -LRB- minimum -RRB- . In all , I am a very satified customer .
 I found this chair to be well made for the price . It went together easily and looks great on our patio.You wo n't be disappointed if you want an expensive looking chair for 1/2 the price of others . The super saver shipping makes this item a bargain !
 We ordered 2 chaise lounges . They were shipped promptly , arrived well boxed and were easy to assemble . We are very happy with the service , quality and price . Incidentally , a nice feature we did n't know before receiving , the pull out drink tray can be pulled out from either side of lounge . Very nice . Thanks Amazon.com and American Woods .
 Very impressed with the workmanship of the product and my wife enjoys it very much .
 ... to enjoy our lounge ! My husband Greg had it put together , in no time . He surprised me constructing it , when I got home one night , and if I know him , he did n't even have to bother to look at the instructions ! Therefore , it had to be easy to construct as he had absolutely not one gripe about it !!! I hate to let anyone sit on it as it sure looks so nice right now , I will be furious if someone mars it ! Love it , love it , love it !!!
 this chair made me love myself again ... because of this chair , i can now hear the sublime sound of the world ; the underlying ` om ' that permeates all that is . also , it has a table attached . on this table , i can put a soda .
 I really wanted to get a chaise chair for my balcony when I found this one.Opening the box the chair came in I realized that this was definetely not IKEA . There was a big package of screws , nuts , and other things I do n't remember how to pronounce . I think I needed 3 tools -LRB- wrench , screw driver and ? -RRB- The instructions were minimal but to the point . I started the assembly by placing out all the screws and counting them , that helped me decipher by elimination the items I had no clue of.In anyway I am proud to say that I was able to assemble the beast ALL BY MYSELF ! Well , I should mention for any non tool inclined that it took me though 2 1/2 hours . Nonetheless I got the job done.I love the chair . I 've had it now for 2 years and kept it out in rain , snow , sun . While it aged the cedar still smells good and I ca n't find anything in poor condition on it .
 You obviously are looking at this item because you enjoy the natural beauty of wood . Otherwise you would have already purchased some ugly resin or aluminum lounge at Target or Walmart.For a small investment in time , money , and effort you can have a good quality lounge at a great price . I took up another reviewer 's advise and spent a little extra time sanding a few rough spots and finishing it off with a nice marine varnish.If you just want to buy it and put it together you 'll most likely find that it does n't meet all your expectations -LRB- It 's not teak , so do n't expect the same quality -RRB- . The extra time I placed into it -LRB- .5 hour/lounge -RRB- made it worth while and proved to be very gratifying.You do n't need to be craftsman to make some self improvements . All you need is : - A fine grit sandpaper -LRB- to buff a few rough spots -RRB- - Varnish -LRB- buy at either a marine store or even Lowes/Depot -RRB- - Brush - Cost = $ $ * I did have to use some wood glue for a loose but unconcerning piece.My thought process on an average rating of 4 : Quality = 3Looks = 5Comfort = 4
 You ca n't go wrong buying this Chaise Lounge . As noted by others , it does need a little sanding here and there . Another minor nit is the ` back ' needs to be a few inches taller , or I need to be a few inches shorter . It 's not quite tall enough to support my head while sitting upright . If not for that I 'd probably give it a 5 star rating.Actual assembly time was about 1/2 hour , not including sanding and applying a finish . I finished mine with Sikkens synthetic marine varnish as I plan on leaving the chair outside year round and it 's the only product I 've found thus far that holds up for a few years before it needs to be recoated . It also gives the chair the look of teak without the $ $ $ . Due to the salt air near me I also spent $ -LRB- ... -RRB- in stainless steel hardware to upgrade the hardware that comes with the chair.The REAL story here is Amazon.com . One of the chairs arrived damaged . I emailed Amazon and they immediately shipped out a replacement . Service as it should be . They deserve 5 STARS for that .
 I purchased 2 of these mainly because of the price . I really enjoy them . My husband put them together . -LRB- He was so happy to get to use his power drill -RRB- It took about less than a 1/2 hour to put each together . This chair is sturdy but I would ' t say its top quality . The wood quality is so-so . But what can you expect for the price ? The chair 's slide out table is very functional . We lie out on them in the evening on these breezy summer nights with a cup of tea , look at the stars , and just talk . This is the life !
 Even without the pull out tray this would be a great lounge chair . I bought two and the wood is of good quality -- no severe rough spots or splinters . The corners are champhered -LRB- sp -RRB- so there are no sharp edges . The ends of post and rails are sanded round.The hardware is either brass or galvanized . The staples used look to be stainless steel . There are very few staples -- a construction shortcut some furniture manufacturers use.The slats are countersunk into the rails . They will not come out . The wood is thick and sturdy
 I agree with the previous reviewer
 This chaise lounge was very easy to assemble and is quite comfortable to sit in . As previous reviewers mention , the wood used is very rough . Even though I knew this when I purchased the product , I was disappointed to find one entire side of the main piece to be pitted with large splintered areas . Sanding it would n't even help , the wood was that damaged . Luckily this is side that I do n't see when I use it - if it had been I would have certainly returned the product . But , for the price , it was worth it .
 Great loungers , excellent price , and very easy to assemble . I was expected to sand some rough spots -LRB- based on previous reviews -RRB- but they did n't need it . I thought perhaps the sliding sidetable was just a gimmick , but it 's really useful . It slides to either side , is quite stable and extends out enough to hold your book , phone , ice cold beverage , etc.With a chaise lounge cushion purchased at a local store ... I 've fallen asleep in this chair several times now ...
 The item was as described by the seller , shipped and arrived on time.What it is
 These chairs are just beautiful . I purchased 4 chairs , the round table and the glider chaise lounge . All pieces are just wonderful . They are easy to put together and on two items , I had to contact the company and they could not have been more helpful . Do n't hesitate to purchase any item from this company - they are great .
 Lightweight though sturdy , went together easily , and more comfortable than I expected . Much more . The only negative is the appearance of the hardware . Some thought to making it less obvious and more finished in appearance would have made these chairs nearly perfect . But it 's not a major thing and they are comfortable and the wood looks nice .
 We just finshed putting our chairs together and are absolutely delighted . They are sturdy and handsome and look lovely on the front lawn . They more than lived up to our expectations and I will keep this short so I can order another set before they are sold out . Thank you .
 Although the delivery was delayed for two months , when the chairs finally arrived they were as expected , or a little better . They are light but sturdy , do n't wobble when sat in , and go together easily . There are six bolts for each chair -LRB- 3 on each side -RRB- , and only a flat screwdriver is really needed for assembly . I put both chairs together in half an hour or so . Some of the wood is joined , -LRB- i.e. scraps joined together in tongue and groove -RRB- but they 're still attractive . The packaging seemed sturdy and robust enough to protect the chairs in shipping . Mine came with no damage and no missing parts . I 'm satisfied with my purchase . If you are tired of heavy pressure treated lawn furniture that looks like it came by oxcart from the black forest , and you want something lighter and somewhat more attractive , perhaps for a patio or a porch , then you might want to try these instead .
 Assembly was fairly easy , no missing hardware , comfortable to sit on . The preservative smell -LRB- and tackiness -RRB- disappeared after the chairs spent the night on the porch . They do n't wobble and they look okay . No regrets here
 COnsidering the price of these chairs -LRB- 130 for 2 -RRB- plus free shipping , they ca n't be beat with a stick . I mean top value for dollar . Take price out of the equation and they 're still pretty darn good . No , they 're not teak or other top end wood , but they are a nice cedar and have a pleasing deisgn . Quality was pretty good , in fact 95 % on these chairs -LRB- less on the potters table I also bought -RRB- . The only problem was that one drill hole did n't go all the way thru and thus when opened up by a scrediver , it ripped/splinted the wood a bit . No biggie and may even add character . Anyway , the hardware is average -LRB- brass screws and wahsers -RRB- , and the wood is `` combined '' -LRB- not from one piece -RRB- , but still the product is above average withotu price and outstanding with price .
 I have been researching garden arbors for about a month now and was really excited to see this one ... Once assembled , the arbor is beautiful and smells wonderful ... good quality cedar . The bad news is that it arrives unassembled -LRB- obviously -RRB- and is shoddily constructed using STAPLES . Unfortunately , in shipping , the arbor was actually broken in 4 places . Fortunately , my husband is an excellent carpenter and they do include wood glue with the screws used to put it together . We patched it up , then took about 2 hours to put it together , and added an additional 4 screws for extra support . That night we had a massive , unexpected storm and we expected to see the arbor strewn about the yard . It had been blown over , but was in one piece.Overall , I do recommend this item if you are handy with wood and do n't mind spending a little extra time putting it together . It is a great , expensive looking piece when completed .
 I have been looking for an arbor for the past year and have finally found one that was well under the -LSB- price -RSB- dollar range . I paid -LSB- price -RSB- and thought it was a great deal , but Amazon.com has now dropped it another -LSB- price -RSB- , making this the best deal you 'll find anywhere.It will take about 45 minutes to assemble and it 's much easier with a screw gun or drill . The wood is beautiful and has a good , heavy sealer on it already , but since I live in Oregon I decided to put an extra coat of water sealer on and the wood really shines now.It is not the most sturdy of the best arbors , but it is not weak or flimsy by any means and once you plant something in the flower boxes , it helps to stabalize it . But , this is truly a great value for the money and I highly encourage anyone that wants to add a beautiful visual display to their back yard to invest in this piece .
 I had to work with it to assemble it properly as some of the holes were a tight fit . Used the glue and added steel plates to the top of the arch as one had come apart . I sank the planter box feet into the ground so the box sat on the ground . To protect the wood I put down some landscape fabric and also lined the inside . Then I filled the planters with garden soil and planted bougainvillea . I like the look very much
 I agree with many of the reviewers who noted that the assembly instructions for this glider could use improvement -LRB- though I was able to put it together by myself in about an hour with little difficulty -RRB- and the overall quality of the wood is only average . But , that said , ours has held up to two years of steady use on a covered porch with no noticeable problems . The glider mechanism is still very smooth , and the wood is not showing any stress or strain . Bottom line , if you want a perfect , solid wood glider you should expect to pay quite a bit more . But for the price , this is a perfectly fine bench .
 This glider caught my eye when shopping last month . The rich tones of the wood really jumped out at me . I had to have it . I was just as excited and pleased when it arrived at my home . It is a wonderful addition to my back yard , was easy to assemble -LRB- that is important -RRB- and looks lovely . I am now checking out the other product this compay makes . I have my eye on the arbor .
 The glider was easy to assemble , just as the instructions promised . It was also light enough so that I did n't need any help carrying it from the garage -LRB- where I assembled it -RRB- to the back yard . The gently swinging glider is the perfect place to relax and read a good book , talk with friends , or enjoy the view . Since the glider is wood , I recommend that you buy some comfy seat cushions if you want a softer `` ride . ''
 We have received so many compliments on this glider . Even from people who are just passing by the house . It makes me glad that I decided to purchase this and the table that was bought separately . Now I am hoping to get the chaise that goes with it !!
 We have received so many compliments on this glider . Even from people who are just passing by the house . It makes me glad that I decided to purchase this and the table that was bought separately . Now I am hoping to get the chaise that goes with it !!
 This glider looked just as good in person as it did in the ad.The glider did come damaged during shipping and the part was sent to me immediately from `` American Woods '' . No problem , but I did have to wait another 3 days to put the glider together after it had arrived.Just one complaint
 The many shortcomings cited by some of the reveiewers are true , but ... . My glider came via UPS in perfect condition -- nothing broken or cracked . The double-sided one-page instructions are terrible , with fuzzy and small diagrams . But there are really only a few wooden pieces , so reading and following the instructions with some personal intuition will help you put this together without much trouble . All the parts fit together quite well , although getting the long screws through the side piece , seat bottom and back took a little work , but I did not have to enlarge any holes at all . It is not unusual for long pieces to be made from finger-jointing smaller pieces , especially at this price . For what one pays for , this is a well-made , sturdy , attractive piece of patio furniture that should last a long time . You do need to refinish it every year or two , otherwise it will turn naturally into a grey color . So in conclusion , if you are someone who would cringe at the words of `` assembly required , '' this loveseat is definitely not for you . But if you are handy , this is quite a bargain !
 Not that easy to assemble with the 1 page instruction guide-Also , almost every piece of wood was a different color . Overall construction is good and I would have rated 5 stars if the wood was more uniform in color .
 Bought two and looking for third . Very easy to assemble with two people . Only a half hour each and your gliding . To be comfortable we had to buy cushions . It was worth it with free shipping . They seem to hold up well in the weather , but will rub them with a wood preserver this year to keep the luster .
 This was a gift for my wife -LRB- selected by her ! -RRB- so I was pleased that it went together so quickly -LRB- about 1 hour -RRB- . It looks great on the patio and is enjoyable to sit in . It appears to have been well crafted and should last for many years . -LRB- Only complaint
 Having read other reviews of this glider before I ordered , I felt I was somewhat prepared for what I got . This was not meant to be a piece of fine furniture . The cedar was rough in many places and obviously pieced together from ends and scraps . Instructions say you should plan on sealing your glider within the first year of use . I anticipated that the manufacturer 's oil sealer would not be the quality I wanted , so I sanded every part , then applied 3 coats of my own sealer before I ever assembled the glider . I believe I increased both the value and the life-span this way . It went together fairly easily ; having a cordless drill helped immeasurably . I am now making cushions for the back , as it is slightly uncomfortable without some kind of padding . Really , I love it now , but it took some work to get it to that point . By the way , I got a much better price than is being offered now . I suggest holding out til spring .
 I purchased this item during the 50 % off clearance sale ... For that price , the glider is unbeatable ... I did have to reread the instructions a couple of times , but they were clearer than anything I 've gotten from IKEA.Why four stars then ? Although all the hardware components were there -LRB- a first in my home-assembly furniture experience -RRB- , I was missing a couple of key pilot holes . The final baseplate sitting on the underside of the seat and the seatback did not have pilot holes to guide me . Typically this is n't an issue , but the pilot holes would have helped me be sure I was putting the baseplate in the correct spot . Also , I had to redrill some of the bolt holes . They just were n't deep enough . Again , it 's only a pain when you 've already screwed the 4 inch bolt into place and it 's 1/4 '' short of flush.Remember , this is a cedar bench . It 's not teak ; it 's not mahogany . It 's not intended to stand up to heavy duty use . Sit on it carefully . Do not flop down on it , do not let your kids roughhouse on it , and it should do fine .
 I bought this glider for my home 's courtyard . I was able to easily build it by myself . The gliding mechanism operates very smoothly . It comes oiled , but if you want to preserve the red cedar look , I advise oiling the pieces again before putting it together . Overall , the loveseat looks great and receives lots of compliments . Plus , you ca n't beat the price .
 It 's fall , so I went looking for a bargain on a glider for my front porch ... Construction is very straightforward ; directions were clear ; hardware was solid and well marked ; only needed to drill out one hole that had n't gone all the way through . Support pieces are made from multiple small pieces joined together -- which did n't diminish strength or how it looks at all . ... . Overall , looks very good , works well , kids like it , good value .
 Bought as gift for in-laws and looks , works great . Their -LRB- and my -RRB- only complaint is that the seat really needs a cushion ; else your bottom will ache ...
 If you want to slow down your hectic pace and relax ... order one of these gliders ! I was surprised at how comfortable and smooth it operates . I shopped around all the home stores before purchasing my Glider from Amazon.com and I found my Glider to be of better quality and lower price than -LSB- other retailers -RSB- had to offer ! The assembly went pretty well . The major pieces are already assembeled you just have to bolt them together . I would have preferred the `` exploded view '' to be larger , in the directions . I found the assembly steps to be easy to interpret . The Glider swings so smoothly and silently . Now I am shopping around for a nice loveseat sized cushion for it . Thanks Amazon.com !
 Purchased this glider for my son and his wife for their new home . It is beautifully made and glides smoothly . . Very good buy . I would buy more products from this company .
 Not only do you get comfort but also a great way to built family memories that you will cherish in time . Made from natural materials that could be a heirloom piece that last a lifetime . A wonderful glider that relaxes and soothes away your stress . Recommended for family outdoor activity .
 Exactly as pictured . Easy to assemble . Best used to display potted plants . Otherwise , add screen to the bottom to avoid losing soil through drainage gap .
 We love our American woods planter . It was delivered to us within 48 hours and only took my husband 10 minutes to assemble . Very easy with great directions . In the future we will be adding more American Woods merchandise to our home . We gave it 5 stars .
 I have four of these in use now for two years . Just bought three more for new feeders . I agree with some that say a smart squirrel can and will figure out a way to defeat it . It does however work most of the time . I have four of my feeders on Shepards hooks . I find that the hooks must be attached via hook and loop velcro . This keeps the baffle attached to my shepards hooks . This keeps the baffle from blowing away and keeps it secure on the hooks . The squirrels like to try and defeat it by hanging from the baffle . I read what others have done and can see how some modifications might help . I found a much easier modification . I simply coat the top of the baffle and the shepards hooks with a little cooking oil . It is a blast to see the squirrels try and climb the pole or jump onto the baffle only to loose their footing and fall to the ground . They have seemed to learn this is the case and even when I forget to re-coat the tops of the baffles or the pole they just look at the seed and seem to say crap ... and they just feed on the ground . This works great ... . you need to try it .
 I put up one expensive baffle , and no squirrels were defeated , I added this $ 10 baffle and I bet that about 50 % of the squirrels do n't get past the two . Great little baffle for the price .
 This squirrel baffle is just about as cheap as they come here on Amazon . -LRB- The best and cheapest ones can be found either at a local Tractor Supply company , or at the Tractor Supply website -RRB- . Its not quite as big or effective as either a squirrel deterrent or protection from the weather as a dome style , but it is certainly far better than nothing . -LRB- And a whole lot cheaper -RRB- . The problem with the basic design of this baffle is the swing away system it employs . The same ineffective system that is unfortunately employed in a lot of squirrel baffles . Even ones a lot more expensive than this one . The theory behind it is that the squirrel will lay down its paw on top of it with its full weight , slip off , and then fall to the ground as the baffle swings out of the way . Unfortunately this is one of those times when something sounds most logical in theory , but is a total bust in actual practice . Squirrels very quickly figure out the baffles rational and set out to defeat it . That is to say , they just come to learn to hang their feet from above and use the baffles swing away design to their advantage by it moving freely out of their way . Just about everyone that has a bird feeder then sees the usual result . A squirrel hanging down from above upside down feasting on and spilling your expensive seed . This baffle can be made far more effective by a simple redesign . Just unscrew the two hooks that merge in the middle of the dome from above and underneath and screw in a lock nut so it is flush with the baffle on top and below . Then screw the hooks back in . The swing away design is then defeated and the baffle will remain stiff and very hard for the squirrel to move out of the way with his body due to the counterweight of the feeder underneath . Also , installing the nut stiffens the baffle sufficiently enough to prevent it from being tossed around by the wind as some other reviewers have mentioned . Trust me , it is very simple to do and it makes this very reasonably priced baffle most effective indeed . I recommend this baffle if you 're on a budget and desire something that works very well with the simple modification described above . Order several at once to make the shipping charge worth it ...
 The item was received in great condition . Works great . Excellent product and price . Thanks
 Does n't do much to keep the squirrels out but does a great job of keeping the seed dry when it rains or snows . Seed clogs the feeders after it gets wet and that is the reason I bought them .
 We bought this squirrel baffle to go with our Droll Yankee Tipper bird feeder , which helps keeping the squirrels off . I would recommend getting it .
 I had a squirrel `` theft '' problem . This will keep those pesky squirrels off the bird feeders until they figure out a work around .
 if you have a larger diameter feeder the squirrel will be able to hold the hook on the top and stretch to the edge of the feeder below . works best with smaller diameter feeders .
 I bought this to use as a sun/rain shield for my hummingbird/oriole feeder , I sanded it lightly with sand paper so the paint would adhere -LRB- painted underside only -RRB- and I also sanded the top side to make it a bit less shinny , I painted it pine green and it looks great , it shades my feeder most of the day in the full sun of my hanger on the deck railing and the rain ca n't water down my nectar ! BTW I bought my deck hanger here too and I love it ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This has worked really great . I have a few squirrels and they ca n't figure it out . Also it seems to have helped the rat problem .
 this helps to keep squirrels from bird food but better yet helps to keep the bird seeds dry . .
 I did n't have too many squirrels getting into my feeder , but I did have a few that would hang down and spill all the seeds . This product has stopped them . I think they tried when I first put it up because there was spilled seeds but I 'm guessing that it made them fall or made it too hard for them to get anything because they do n't try anymore .
 Followed the other reviewers advice . Added a wing nut to the top and the squirrels are definitely baffled . I have 5 of them hanging from a pergola . Squirrels keep trying , but ca n't find a way around , over , or through them . I do have a separate feeder for the squirrels - I 'm not heartless!Heath Outdoor Products HB-1 Squirrel Baffle
 This baffle rocks literally ! I 've had mine nearly 13 years and I 've been searching everywhere for another one , mine is out all the time in Great Lakes weather and still is in mint condition ! I use mine on the clothes line pole about 5 feet in the air with a swinging tube feeder , squirrels ca n't jump up on it because the feeder swings or down on the baffle because the hex nut is so tiny , the baffle swings too much . I hook my baffle up with a pipe cleaner wrapped several times , even the babies ca n't get in the feeder . :-RRB- :-RRB- I 'm happy to report I have been winning the squirrel wars for years , they do n't even bother just eat meekly under the feeder .
 Had a serious squirrel problem before putting these up . Very easy to assemble and use . Anyone can do it!After these , NO MORE SQUIRRELS ON MY BIRD FEEDER
 Plastic was surprisingly thick , very sturdy , and really exceeded all my expectations . Comes with two pretty long hooks that screw together through a hole in the middle . Water will be able to run through the middle hole , though not much will . Saw a squirrel still eating my bird seed the other day , but those wily squirrels will get into anything . Hopefully it took him longer than average to figure it out .
 they work . This is the first time that I have put seed in the feeds that did n't disappear in one day ... the squirrels are kept busy trying to figure out how to get to the food . Thank you . Good product
 It 's surviving NE PA winds , snow and rain ; easy to hang & clean , and it baffles the European Starlings & grackles away from the suet as WELL as the squirrels . What more is there to say !
 We just put our Squirrel Baffles out and so far , they have kept all the squirrels away from the bird feeders ! We have used our below the feeders on a pole but I am sure they would work as well above feeders . All that was needed was a small plumbing clamp attached to the pole , below the baffle to hold it in place and you 're in business ! -LRB- of course , we feed the squirrels separately ! -RRB-
 I bought 8 of these to stop squirrels from eating my Christmas cactus and it works very well
 Useing these mostly for keeping snow off my tray feeder . Doing a good job .
 It has really helped us on reducing the amound of seeds that squirrels would get . Another plus is we use one for our hummingbird feeder to keep the rain out of it .
 The squirrel baffle worked , but they have since been done in by wind and my lawn mower running over one . They certainly saved me some bird seed .
 I got two of these and will be ordering two more . They come in pieces , but are very easily assembled . The first one took 10 minutes and the second only 5 . They look great on the deck and should last with a little stain/sealant every two years or so . Fill with your favorite annual for a great display
 These cedar planters are good for what they are to be used for ... to put potted plants in . I ordered eight with some to be given as Christmas or housewarming gifts . But , since they 're pretty cool looking , I think I 'll keep them all for my patio and house plants . Will buy more for gifts later . The cost is about right ; ... After all , they 're just some pieces of stained cedar wood that YOU have to put together ... which , in itself , is not very difficult . However , out of the eight that I ordered , one was defective . I returned it several weeks ago and have not had the cost credited back to me yet ... . Overall , I am pleased with these planters and , like I say , may order some more for gifts . The free shipping sometimes offered will be the clincher , though .
 they work very well , these were the recommended parts for the ryobi tool and i would buy them again . the one bit that i used worked effortlesly
 I bought these , quite frankly , not expecting much because the price was so incredible ... especially condsidering that the deal was for two of them ! I have fairly heavy plants hanging in them , they are extremely sturdy and look lovely on my deck . I just hope I can find more !
 Very pleased with appearance and quality of construction . The hanging chains add a classy look and the cedar wood matches the fences around my yard . Price is unbeatable . These good looking hanging planters offer the consumer a real value ! I have ordered two more sets.P.S . I have hung these planters from `` Hummingbird Hangers '' available from Swen Weathervanes and they look great !
 Incredible value ! Could n't believe how sturdy and beautiful these are ! Still a great additional to my patio ! Fast delivery ... . A great buy !
 I bought these for my husband , who felt that he was going to hang plants up in our new living room . . trying to avoid the whole plastic pot ambiance . These pots look nice and are sturdy . My husband still has n't gotten around to hanging the plants , but the pots are ready whenever he is .
 I bought it for my mother who loves to garden and she loved it . She loved it more than the other gifts she got ! hee-hee ! It was in stock , and was ready for delivery under AmazonPrime , and arrived undamaged.The other review , which seemed the only one that was bad about it , could have happened with any delivery . But I was grateful my mom 's was in excellent condition.It 's a great gift for a gardener and a great price ! Recommend , recommend !!
 I was pleasantly surprised upon receiving these planters . They are very well made , attractive , and come with a strong plastic liner pot . Having shopped extensively for hanging planters I am just amazed to find something like this at this price . Do n't pass it up , I ca n't imagine they will be around at this price forever .
 I ordered these fabulous planters on a Wednesday and the UPS driver delivered them on Friday ! They are absolutley gorgeous . They do come with a plastic liner ready for planting , and the chain is very easy to assemble . Best of all the price , I have seen these sell for up to $ 59.95 for the set !! Target is selling them for $ 39.95 . Better buy yourself a couple , before they are gone . I plan on purchasing more ! `` Life is good ''
 I 've used this machine for a couple of years now and my only complaint is the power output . But what do you want with 115v ? Actually I use 1/8 '' electrodes more often than 1/16 '' and it drives them pretty well . You really have to get a good weave going if there are gaps in the joint and you 'll be changing electrodes a lot . But so it goes with the stick welder . I do not have the TIG gun for mine so I ca n't comment on that . The portability is unmatched at 10 pounds or so . VERY compact little power supply and being able to use DC and either polarity is a real benefit .
 My seeds were not crushed as the other reviewer 's were , and my germination rate was 100 % for the four seeds I 've planted so far.Unfortunately , the first batch flopped over , hung on pathetically for less than a week after flopping , and died . I saw no signs of fungal wilt , temperature was a steady 60-70 degrees , and it received water twice a week . My only guess as to why it may have died comes from the instructions
 I was delighted to get my order quickly , it came in a well package envelope , to conclude , I am pleased with this company and will continue to use it in future purchase .
 Some of these seeds took a while to germinate , but once they did the plant grew very big with lots of flowers on top . They did n't have a detectable fragrance , but they were nice to look at.Just to give you an idea of how big these plants can get , some of the plants have about 6 '' diameter stems and the plants are about 5 feet in diameter , and about 4 feet tall , and this is only after a few months . I had one smother a lupine plant because I did n't notice it getting so big.I had to cut one down because I needed the area for a grape vine , and it was surprisingly easy for the size of the plant . The stems are hollow and light for their size . All parts go great in the compost pile because they all break down easily . I 'd actually consider growing these just for the purpose of the compost pile if I had more room .
 The Pillow came fairly quickly and is just as described . It is well stuffed and works good on my hammock and stays in place .
 This pillow is true to color on web page . it has sturdy grommet holes on each corner . it is made of sturdy material . Its A Great Pillow
 Its exactly what 's described on the website . Wished I got two instead of one .
 Very soft , sturdy and dries quickly . I ended up buying another one so that we have a pillow at both ends of the hammock . The velcro ties hold well . I have n't had any trouble with it blowing away .
 This was the best thing to add with put hammock . The only problem with this is that we fall asleep .
 mild smoky flavor . Mesquite and hickory are sometimes to much . This is a nice smoky flavor , not mapley . two more words required .
 OK . I could n't let the one-star 10-minutes of experience , Wal-Mart review go without a response . I 'm shopping for a new remote sensor after 5 + years of perfect performance . Why ? Because it fell off the tree , the toddler moved it , and it 's lost in the snow . It still works fine but it 's reading the ground/snow temperature -LRB- somewhere -RRB- and not the air temperature . This unit is solid . I give it my highest recommendation . It has accurately read 116F and -20 F in Nebraska weather . It is always within 1 degree F of the National Weather Service reading and the batteries seem to last for about a year . The remote sensor has survied 2 '' hail and beatings with sticks by children . What more can I ask for ? Oh yeah , $ 26 pricing . This is value that I wish I could get in a motor vehicle . I 'll buy another unit and hope it provides another 5 + years of faithful service .2013 January update
 I got this as a gift.Pros : - Pretty easy to install-Great range-Very good battery life-Has withstood Phoenix summers -LRB- 120 F or more -RRB- - No set up ... just add batteriesCons : - No battery life indicator , but starts to get faint.Bottom line
 It is a pleasure to see the males circling and finally getting trapped . I hate them , love this .
 Love this feeder . Squirrels can hang on it , but can only get a few seeds at a time .
 I have no idea what feeder `` Mary Fairy '' is talking about ; there are no springs on this feeder . As far as the rain , I 've had no problems with that ; I 've never seen water in the seeds , and there have been plenty of rain storms over the years I 've used this feeder.The squirrels can push the top off , but you can use a small bungie cord or other devise to lock it down . It 's not a perfect solution , but over the years I 've tried many different designs ; this is the only one that keeps the squirrels reasonably under control .
 Good feeded ; separate compartmnents allow three layer feeding throughout the supply . Easy to fill . Definately NOT squirrel proof , but HEY-they got ta live too !
 Picture by customer is the correct one . This is a nice metal/plastic feeder . The multiple level gives this feeder interest . And I 've seen this feeder at Lowe 's -LRB- their brand name -RRB- and at Target -LRB- Perky Pet -RRB- for $ 24-28 .
 I 've had one of these feeders for about 6 months . The squirrels absolutely can not get into the feeder through the cage , but the woodpeckers , titmouses , chickadees , finches , etc. can eat from it . A squirrel did figure out how to push the top up and ate the seed out of the top compartment , and chewed on the tube , but we just put a bunji cord over the top and the squirrels ca n't get in anymore -LRB- it 's fun to watch them try for a few minutes and then give up -RRB- . All of the parts are replaceable if your supplier carries them , so I paid $ 4 to replace the chewed tube and it 's good as new . I love the way the three compartments come apart ... I find it very easy to clean , much better than solid tubes with perches through them , and I do n't have much trouble with seed getting wet -LRB- and we had a lot of rain this Fall -RRB- . You just have to wait until it 's pretty empty to pull it apart and clean it , and I just dump the last bit of seed into my tray feeder when I dismantle it to clean it . I can clean it using a paper towel in a couple of minutes on the deck before I refill it . This is the best feeder I 've ever owned . I 'm feeding the birds , not the squirrels .
 I love that this feeder can hold three different kinds of seeds . This is especially useful it you want to feed multiple birds , but do n't have room for multiple feeders . I 'd put the most popular seed in the top compartment though as it is the easiest to refill.The feeder did not create any kind of dilemma for the squirrels though -- they can hang comfortably on it and pull out a seed at a time , which they will . They 've also figured out how to open the top and help themselves ! What they HAVE N'T done though is destroy the feeder , which is a huge benefit . I still have the feeders , but I also still have the feeder -- making this still a worthwhile investment .
 I have bought 2 of these feeders for our house and one as a gift over the last year and a half . They may seem a little bit longer than many other feeders but it is wonderful to see up to 12 birds feeding from it at the same time -LRB- if they do not end up chasing each other out -RRB- . Birds find it easy to sit on while feeding . Despite the `` squirrel resistant '' description on the label , squirrels still can get into it . In fact , deer like them too . I would still recommend it to my friends as it is more resistant than many other nicer feeders made of wood .
 I have had this bird feeder at least 10 years and was able to purchase replacement inserts for it . It is a favorite with the birds . You can either fill it with 3 different types of seeds , or take out the dividers and just fill it with one as I do . Actually purchased a second one because I have been pleased with it and find the birds really use this one more than my others .
 I purchased this bird feed as Hyde Model 104 in 1991 in Connecticut . I replaced the inserts with the Evenseed model in year 2011 after the originals cracked during cleaning . I used the feeder for 20 years of seasonal use at 4-8 months per year under a shady tree , and the metal parts of the feeder are still corrosion free . Unlike other reports , the squirrels could not lift off the top lid , so perhaps my older version is a little different -LRB- heavier lid with notch ? -RRB- . The feeder is not squirrel proof as they hang on the feed and swing it around , but the squirrels do give up after 5-10 minutes . The feeder is harder to clean than the other feeders I have owned , but the other feeders lasted at most 5 years .
 These were exactly what I wanted and came as advertised . They are wonderful and calming .
 After seeing the size of the box that these glass windchimes came in , I thought that I had made a purchasing mistake . How can any windchime possibly come in a box not much bigger than a necklace box ? Yes it was smaller than I thought but the glass chimes were tightly packed and when released extended to the size as advertised . A very lovely and delicate item that brings back memories of my childhood . Very beautiful and very well worth the price !
 Very happy with chime looks unique and beautiful , was pleased with replacement piece which was sent quickly .
 While growing up my mother always had glass wind chimes on our front porch . I did n't think they were still available but with a little searching they are . Only problem is ; I have to hang it in front of an air conditioner vent to hear it because it 's to delicate to hang outside in the actual wind , I remember my mother had to replace them fairly frequently . It 's worth it though because the sound is beautiful .
 There 's just something special about the sound of a glass wind chime . This one takes me back to memories of sitting on my grandmother 's porch as a child . Sipping on something cold , and hearing her glass wind chime in the breeze .
 Gorgeous wind chimes . Just like I remember my Mother 's and Grandmother 's windchimes to sound.They make just the right amount of sound . Thanks so much !
 Awesome ... everything I was hoping for . Packaged well , quick delivery . The sound it makes in an open window is amazing ... I remember my grandmother had one and have been looking for this for thirty years .
 was exactly how I remembered it from my childhood . am very pleased with it . would recommend it to anyone who is nostalgic for the good old days .
 My order of this plant arrived promptly and took hold quickly in the garden . It 's putting out fresh green growth and establishing itself well - ca n't speak for the flavor of the berries yet , but the plant is nice and vigorous .
 These plants were in excellent shape , ready to go into ground.Looking forwardward to many years of blackberries , in jams , jelly , pies , and cobblers . YUM .
 This is the second order I have received from Hirts and I just wanted to say how pleased I am with how my plants have looked upon arrival . The Sweet Shrub I bought last year arrived in excellent contidition and grew very well throught the summer . I just hope it comes back after our very cold winter we have had here . The Blackberry plant arrived in very good condition in February . I was a bit concerned when I found out that it had shipped so soon . I was afraid I would find a very frozen plant upon arrival even though our days warmed up into the 30s by then . I was impressed to find that a &#34; Uniheat &#34; packet was added to keep the little plant warm on its trip . The blackberry plant was very well packaged and a nice size with several leaves in excellent condition and new growth . By the time I can put it out in my yard , sometime in April or May , I am sure that it will be twice the size it is now .
 I received two plants and one did n't make it , but Hirt 's Gardens was very fast in replacing the one within two days . The plants are only 4 inches and will not see results till next year . I 'm very pleased with Hirt 's Gardens and the plants they supplied . They look prestine.I 've placed 3 orders with Hirt 's Gardens this year alone and have been very pleased with the services they have provided thus far .
 At first appears to be a stick in a pot , but leaves started growing within the first two days . The stems have grown a lot by now -LRB- its been over a month -RRB- . I have n't planted it yet . I guess only time will tell about the quality -LRB- or presence -RRB- of the actual berries . I would have given it 5 stars but since theres no berries to judge -LRB- and thats the point of the plant -RRB- i cant .
 Although you can make your own humidity tray for far less than what this one costs , for convenience and quality these trays are very nice . I have this tray sitting on a metal 14 `` x 36 '' 4 shelf unit and I am happy with the large amount of usable space this tray provides . Waldor Orchids shipped this out very quickly .
 For the money , this is a good item . I have been using it . The ear muffs work very well . The mesh face screen helps keep sticks and branches from punching your eyes and face .
 I got two of these hardhats for use cutting and splitting firewood off about 150 acres in the mountains . They assembled easily and work fine , especially the wire screen face guard , which will not fog up or scratch but keeps flying dust and chips away from the face . This product is priced at about 50 % of what I found on several safety supply company web pages , so though cost was important , quality was equal to the higher priced units . Good merchandise for a great price .
 Am new to using a chain saw , but have a couple of acres of cedar on our property that have been damaged in ice storms . Have used this while clearing out both overgrowth and damaged limbs and find it very comfortable , easy to use and love the visibility through the screen face shield . I do a lot of woodworking and always hated the way plastic face shields fog up when I get hot , but obviously ca n't run into that with this . Will certainly give it a try in my wood shop as well . Very good at keeping flying wood chips away from my face and keeping the noise down . Have n't had the opportunity to try out the hard hat function -- and hope I do n't ever .
 ... Assembly instructions were not very good however , once assembled , this protective helmet with faceguard turned out to be a very effective part of the protection needed when using a chainsaw ! With debris `` raining '' down from pruning a tree overhead , anyone can appreciate the protection this product will provide . . !
 The product is fine . The assembly instructions stink ! Learn from my ordeal
 As a usability expert and someone with way too many hours on a chainsaw , I can comfortably say that this helmet has been a great choice . The only issue , and it is minor , is that when cutting directly overhead with a dull blade -LRB- making sawdust instead of chips -RRB- the dust can get thru the screen visor into my eyes . -LRB- That is kind of like saying , when I ride my bike in the sand it is hard to pedal : - -RRB- it was n't designed to overcome being used the wrong way ; I should n't cut like that . -RRB- But I would much rather have this screen visor then a plexi visor which gets scratched and foggy in no time , and I could always put on goggles.I have given this hard use and it has saved me many bruises and cuts . I wo n't pick up my saw without putting it on ; or the chaps and the vest for that matter . I had to go to the ER with a DEEP thigh cut before I got my chaps , maybe you 'll learn from my mistake and get the chaps first .
 It was delivered promptly and well shipped . Somehow , it was less strong than I had envisioned it , but this may be my fault in perception . I thought what it had in front was a shield but it is more like a bug net . For the price , it is good enough , though .
 Assembly is a bear . Be sure to watch the YouTube mentioned on the invoice before starting . Once you 've got it together , it does the job just as expected .
 I originally set out to buy cedar planks to make a maple-glazed salmon recipe I had come across , but instead purchased the alder planks on a recommendation . I was skeptical at first , but the results were fantastic . The alder gave the salmon a sweet smoky flavor . Cleaning up the grill was easy with these planks . Great product .
 We purchased this item several days ago to replace an old Nelson Metal Oscillating Sprinkler that gave out . We purchased this item at Wal-Mart in Benton Harbor , Michigan for the price of $ 14.88 . We would have purchased 2 more of this item but we got the last one that Wal-Mart had.Is there any way that Amazon would sell this L R Nelson 1060 Metal Turbo-Heart Oscillating Sprinkler for $ 14.88 ? Please advise.Thank you
 Quility product at an affordable price from a reliable dealer.For the lawn not a sqaure foot garden .
 I just purchased 2 Nelson 1060 sprinklers at my local Wal-Mart in Bowling Green , Ohio for 14.88 each . They still has 4 in stock .
 The bird house that I ordered is of great quality and I am very pleased . I was worried about receiving it for Mother 's Day since I had ordered it kind of late , but after emailing and requesting to have it shipped quickly , I received it in a couple of days , which was a few days earlier than I expected . This is a great company to do business with . Thanks.The house needs to be assembled , and it really was n't an issue . Everything aligned like it should and the instructions are just fine if you can read and follow instructions . I have read a lot of reviews where individuals are complaining about how difficult these type of houses are to put together , but if you have a little common since and a inkling of skill , it 's no different than putting a model together . Some people simply have the coordination of two monkeys trying to hump a football .
 It seems to be a good deal . I hope it is sturdy enough ... if not I 'll be back with my complaints !
 I was very hesitant to purchase this product after reading the reviews about this item , but since this is exactly what I needed , I took a chance . We have a larger model -LRB- 225-foot -RRB- in the backyard and needed a smaller one for the front . The one we have in the back has given us no problems and is about 4 years old . We recently purchased a new hose since the old one leaked , hooked it up , said a prayer that there would be no leaks -LRB- as the connection is in the garage -RRB- and turned it on . Works great!It was very easy to follow the directions -LRB- 4 easy steps -RRB- to hook up the hose . Now , we only have a 75-foot hose on it at the moment , but there is plenty of room for more . It winds up easily , and the guide does stick a little , as does the one we already have , but I find that guiding it from underneath the handle rather than the top helps . On the bottom right side of the cart there is a convenient place to put your foot to steady the cart as you wind up the hose.Some folks have mentioned flimsy plastic and that it was n't put together well , but I have not found that at all . This is a pretty solid product and it 's made in the USA , according to the packaging .
 We purchased our Coleman Griddle on a whim 3 years ago and it has been the hit of our family camping trips ever since . We use it to cook most of our camping meals - our traditional camp stove has been reduced to mostly boiling water . We camp with other families and family members and our griddle is constantly being requested and borrowed . Its a breeze to cook with using its touch button ignition and easy and accurate turn knob temperature gauge . The grease trap works great and saves a lot of mess . The non-stick surface means smooth flipping , no `` crunchy '' parts on your food and easy clean-up . Its such a great item , that we are online right now ordering one for my cousin for their next camping trip.Our favorite things to cook on it are pancakes , bacon , eggs , fajitas , grilled fish and sausages . We literally plan our meals around what we can cook on the griddle .
 This is a great griddle . It makes cooking breakfast very quick . The only flaw is that it does not store very easily other than the box it came in . There is no case or bag to put it in after you are done using it . My box was ruined in the rain so I carry it around in a garbage bag . I have noticed that coleman makes a carrying bag for their combo grill/giddle that may work with this griddle also .
 Awesome . Simply Awesome . We took it camping with us and it works great .
 Cedar Plank makes this the best salmon ever !!! Soak your cedar plank for 1 hr . or more , marinate the salmon for at least 1 hr . in ziploc bag or glass dish
 This is the best way to cook salmon . I thought it would be good but it exceed my expections by far . The cedar gives the salmon such a wonderful flavor and as already stated the leftovers are great . The bonus is that it is simple to do . There is currently a downside - supply and demand ; hopefully the boards will be come more available .
 I just tried a cedar plank for the first time and ca n't get over how great the salmon was . It was the most flavorful , moist salmon I 've made or tasted in quite a while , if not ever . I 'm not sure I 'll ever make salmon without one of these again . It did n't seem worth trying to clean and reuse the plank , though .
 This is the best way to cook and love your food . Nothing could be easier . Just soak the wood for a few hours , place the meal on the plank and let it smoke . This is the BEST WAY to cook salmon ! It tastes so good that you will continue to eat even after your appetite is satisfied . The salmon tastes even better cold the next day . The best news is that it is soooo healthy because of the fish oils .
 I 've only been gardening for about 4 years and I have always used a USDA Certified organic fertilizer . I believe it was the fish/seaweed based fertilizer or what not . Finally , I switched to this and my plants are booming . But ! No flowers on my tomatoes yet , they have been in the ground since early May . My tomatillos are blooming great , and my peppers are coming along strong . I have also picked a few cilantro plants . Not trying to boast or anything , just showing you what this fertilizer is capable of in a short growing season in Wisconsin . This is also my first time growing from seed and the plants are the strongest plants I have seen . Very happy with my plants this year.Unfortunately this fertilizer does not seem to be USDA certified organic . In my opinion if the product does not have the USDA stamp it is not legitimately organic ... all personal preference .
 foxfarm is a good product . i just started using foxfarm products and i will not be using any other product again !
 I have six plants of various kinds growing in my indoor garden . They are about 6 weeks old , and I just started using the FoxFarm Grow Big liquid nutrients . I mixed it into my watering can -LRB- about 6 teaspoons for 3 gallons of water -RRB- . I left the plants overnight , and came back to look at them the next day.All I can say is ... wow . Each and every plant in my garden had * noticeably * larger leaves . The leaves were longer and broader than they had ever been -- they honestly looked like different plants . One of the plants also sprouted an entirely new set of leaves by the second day , all straining towards the lights . Even my smallest and weakest plant -- one I was getting ready to give up on -- showed new signs of life andThen , one of my outdoor pepper plants had been almost destroyed by an unseasonably late rainstorm . Within two days or so , the leaves that were remaining had been pushed nearly an inch further out , and several new sets of leaves had begun to sprout out.I was skeptical -LRB- I bought it before I started two plants , one with , one without -RRB- , but now I 'm sold -- all of my plants are getting this stuff , every other time I water . It 's been less than a week since I bought it , and now I ca n't imagine gardening without it . It 's that good .
 I 'm using this in 6 gallon basin flood and drain hydroponic system in which I 'm growing strawberries and beans . I planted a very young strawberry plant 2 weeks ago and it has not only tripled in size but already has 10 berries on it !! My bean plants were introduced to the grow bed as barely sprouted , they are now over 8 inches tall and growing vigorously in just one week ! This is professional grade nutrients that should support any project anyone could endeavor .
 If you want your vegetables to grow , this is the fertilizer that actually works . You will see results the next day .
 I bought this throught my pals account , yet as more often than not.I 'm VERY Happy with the preformance of this product.I got what I expected to get and it works even better.If your into organic styled gardening , I assure you that you can not go wrong with this within the Veg . State of your grow.In transition to Flowering mix the last dose with a touch of No Sulfur Molasses with the last dose prior to flowering and I think youll find it works a touch better esp . when you follow it up with Super Bloom with Bud Candy.Couldnt be righter.LOL!I promise you youll love this product if you use it right .
 I have recentley started some of the fox farm products and so far I like them they have work well for house plants and indoor bonsai
 I recommend anyone with multiple attachments to go to quick couplers , they save time and protect 22mm fittings from damage . northern tool sells a great selection of accessories .
 After purchasing a new bed with a pillowtop mattress I was having trouble entering and exiting because of the height ... Which did n't help matters any with my lower back problems ... after purchasing these cherry bed steps I immediately noticed the ease of entering and exiting my new bed . The steps are a nice addition to the new bed and very well constucted . My wife loves the beautiful cherry finish as it matches well with the other furniture .
 nice edition ; helps us get into our high bed . easy to assemble . diagrams clear ; added clue to connections for a firmer fit ;
 These steps were easy to assemble and just right for climbing up into our recently purchased high mattress and box springs bed . We have hardwood floors in our bedroom and I had to glue small pieces of rubberized anti-skid material normally used under rugs onto the bottoms of the feet on the steps so as to keep the steps from sliding when my wife climbed into bed .
 The steps are sturdy , stable , attractive , and easy to put together . The last peg to hold the drawer in was a bit tricky to put together , but I managed.I 'm only giving 4 stars instead of 5 because the drawer runners are a little flimsy and it does n't seem the drawer functions very well . Otherwise , this is lovely . I 'd definitely consider buying from this manufacturer again .
 These steps are just what you want if your bed is too high ! Good quality , easy to assemble . The ` distressed ' finish , however , looks like a few hammer blows to the surface before it was packaged up . The bottom line is that I have n't found anything better for the price .
 I have a very high bed and was in need of bed steps . After doing extensive research on quality , price , and availability , I decided to purchase the Powell Attic Cherry Bed Steps . I was pleasantly surprised when my delivery arrived ahead of schedule . The steps were easy to assemble and they are of quality wood and make a beautiful addition to my bedroom . And of course , the make crawling into bed much , much easier too !
 Assembled easily . Sturdy and wide enough . Not as `` cherry '' in color as I had hoped ; almost a dark oak , with red hues . The description should include that it has a `` distressed finish . '' The legs are curved , so they go with old mahogany and cherry furniture . They are the right height for today 's mattresses . They did the job and are nice looking . Good value for the price .
 Assembly was easy . The base is nice and wide . This really makes it easy to get into my way too high bed ! The quality of the wood and the overall construction of the piece is very good . The price was reasonable . I love the little hidden drawer .
 Very nice looking , yet do not know how sturdy . It sqeeks while stepping up on it . I would recommend it because of the price and it looks very nice .
 It is exactly what it is represented to be and meets the need we had . Good purchase .
 For the price , I wish it was pre-assembled . But , I managed to do it and I 'm pretty clumsy and inept , so if I could do it , anybody can . There 's a little drawer on it that I just threw the tools into ... I 'm not sure what else to keep in there yet , but it 's always nice to have a little storage . It looks nice next to my high bed . It 's hard to find furniture in the dark stain I prefer , so I was glad to find this . We do n't have room on one side of the bed for any end table , so sometimes we set the remote control or a drinking glass on this . For this reason , I leave a felt coaster on the top of it , to protect the wood . I like that it 's distressed just a little bit so if I ever do happen to scratch it , it wo n't be so noticeable . Seems sturdy enough after it 's put together , felt solid when I tried standing on it , and I 'm overweight . But to be honest , I 've only used it to climb into bed a couple times . Mostly , I use it for the decor because I like the way it looks next to the bed . Side-note
 Easy to put together . It is only designed to hold 200 lbs , so if you are a large person , this may not be for you .
 I am very happy with the cherry bed steps . The quality is excellent . Easy to assemble . No tools needed . Fast shipment .
 This grill is solid , well proportioned and heats quickly . I have used it for several months now and am impressed with the quality construction and the ability to quickly heat up and sear steaks . The rotisserie is very sturdy and can actually turn the heavy pieces of meat the others claim to be able to handle . The only complaint would be that I can not use the rotisserie at the same time as a burner -LRB- I would like to rotisserie a chicken while grilling corn for example ... But I 'm afraid this is a problem with most grills . This grill is on par with Lynx or Viking grills . It is manufactured by SureHeat , the same company that makes the excellent Altima and Tuscany grills.Overall , this is highly recommended , extremely well-built and a pleasure to use .
 This product helps us keep our pond healthy and clear . We use it whenever the pond begins to become murky . The beneficial bacteria helps the pond to process the leaf litter that blows into the pond .
 It works great for me , very nice light or dark blue . I ca n't report on prevention of algae because I did n't know it was supposed to do that -LRB- guess I should have read the label -RRB- . . Judging by the amount of algae I did get , I suspect it may not work that well , but I 'll keep an eye on it . If it 's outstanding , I 'll update .
 This has to be the best grill for the money . I checked it against all other grills and this was one of the cheapest and had the best warranty of all the others . I expect this is the last grill that I will have to buy and i 'm very happy with the results this grill turns in .
 I purchased the Hypro Roller Pump , Model # 4101C-A , to replace a similar pump . I use this pump on a sprayer that I use to spray our fruit trees . I have used it four times since I purchased it , and it seems to work fine .
 It does the job and is very sturdy and very simple to put up and take down . But it is VERY heavy at over 50lbs so not portable .
 The chains to hang the hammock from the stand were missing from the box . When I contacted the seller they were very polite and replaced the chains but would not send them to me via overnight shipping as Amazon does when I 've dealt directly with Amazon for a problem with a purchase . I bought the stand for a party and could not use it then since I had to wait a week for the chains .
 This was a replacement belt for an off brand lawn mower that proved extremely difficult to find parts for in the stores in my area . After looking high and low online , I finally found the correct sizing , and this belt fit the bill perfectly . It went on without any trouble , and was a lot less expensive than the other belts of this size . It 's still running strong , with no slipping or tearing .
 this belt lasted longer than the other belt I bought , Fit right and that 's all there is to say bout that
 Received promptly and it fit tractor perfectly as advertised . Been holding up very well and will order again when necessary . Thanks for quick ship and great price .
 Ordered this belt for a VERY old tractor . The tractor is up and running again , thanks to you , Amazon . My husband is one happy man !
 The company is fantastic , and this trailer is spectacular . Cute as a button . I 'm a 5 ' 2 '' kayaking gal , and got tired of trying to unloading and hoisting my 12 ' kayak onto the roof of my truck , so when I saw the price of this trailer , I snapped it up . Dad put it together in 4 hours and he said it was n't difficult at all . The wire , lights , tires , everything you need is included . The trailer is just gorgeous , plus it rides smooth , no problems whatsoever.Highly recommend it , plus , I have n't tried this yet , but I think I might be able to attach my roof top storage to it as well . Thank you Northern Tools !
 Two days , a few wrenches , and not a little swearing got this trailer together . The only difficulty was that the boat I have has a pronounced keel so that the 2 by 6 's provided for support are a bit too low . I 've replaced them with 2 by 10 's , and it works fine .
 Length :
 Seems like a pretty good trailer for the job . I am going to be using it to haul my laser sailboat , and while I have yet to haul it anywhere it does seem like it will fit the boat pretty well . I am pretty particular about things , so here are a few observations and extra things I 've done while assembling this trailer ... The packaging padding could have been a little better for shipping . For example , the fenders and other parts were thrown together with no packaging in between , which lead to scratches and paint coming off to bare metal . I touched up these with some Fire Engine Red and Gloss Black Paint which proved a pretty close match . The manufacturers did not deburr any of the pre-drilled holes before painting , which can be hard on the wiring . While pulling the wire gently through one of the holes , the sharp edges stripped a bit of the insulation off one of the wires . I have installed rubber grommets around any of holes that wires go through to prevent chafing . I also put plastic wire covering around the wire out the tongue of the trailer , to protect it and prevent damage to the wire if it should happen to drag on the ground . I used pieces of the same plastic wire covering to cover the wires exiting the back of the trailer for the tail lights . I could n't find rubber grommets large enough for these holes which are larger than the others . I 've also used heat shrink butt connectors instead of the provided connectors -LRB- marettes were included for tail lights and splice connectors for the running lights -RRB- . The provided connectors are not very reliable or long lasting connections in my opinion . In addition , I could n't get the provided splice connectors for the running lights to fit into the hole in the frame to tuck the wiring neatly away . Instead , I cut in the brown wire and stripped both ends where I wanted to splice . Then I used a heat shrink butt connector that was made for connecting a 14-16 AWG wire on one end to a 18-22 AWG wire on the other . I crimped the two brown wires together in the 14-16 AWG end and crimped the single wire for the running light in the 18-22 AWG end . I could then tuck the entire connection into the frame with only the single wire exiting the frame to the running light , once again with a rubber grommet installed to keep that wire from chafing on the burred hole . The lights work great , protected and neat . Much better connections in my opinion than the connections provided , especially around salt water.I also looked for Bearing Buddys to replace the regular dust caps , but I could n't seem to find the correct size . I tried one sized 2.04 '' but it was barely too small . 2.05 '' would be the correct size as far as I can tell , but ca n't seem to find that size anywhere . However , there are grease fittings on the dust caps provided , so that is a big help.Overall , I am pretty pleased with the trailer . One thing to watch out for is if backing up the trailer without a boat on it . The holes in the runners are off-center and I 've allowed them to tilt toward the back of the trailer to facilitate getting the boat back onto the trailer . The runners hang pretty close to the ground this way . I backed it up towards a hill and the runners fetched up and bent the frame a little , which I managed to straighten .
 So far , so good . Easy to install ; pump is powerful enough to give the effect we hoped for . Time will tell how it holds up !
 This pond kit has all the supplies that you need to get started on your pond . The directions are very easy too follow -LRB- might I suggest you read them before digging hole for pond -RRB- . It has made a lovly addition to our back yard
 This is a great hose end sprayer , especially if like me you use the Ortho Concentrate liquids as each of these liquid products has the corresponding spray setting . This sprayer can also be used as a generic sprayer . I usually set the dial to 3 oz , which feeds the liquid at that seeting per 1 gallon of water - which is what a standard 10 gallon sprayer will push out . This sprayer is fool proof , comes with instructions and the Ortho name recognition . The dial has over 10 settings and the tip rotates to provide up and down and side to side spray pattern . For streams up to 30 feet , gentle pull on the fanning nozzle to remove it which now allows for a heavy stream for tall trees . I have had and still use the same Ortho Dial n Spay hose end sprayer for over 6 years without any problems . I spray my fruit trees , my shrubs , flower beds and lawn all with this single sprayer .
 This is an OK sprayer , I bought it because a few of the reviews mentioned that it had decent range , and it does . I can spray 15 ft up and hit my eaves on the 1oz setting , which is what I was looking for . If you remove the nozzle , it will spray a jet 20-25 ft. I first tried the Hudson Chameleon , which is like using an old fashioned watering can , no pressure . I wish the local stores carried a good metal sprayer , I suppose I 'll have to order one.The main reason why I am writing this review is to address what I think could be a misconception about these things leaking and not spraying . There is an oblong hole in the handle just behind and beneath the trigger . When there is little pressure in the hose -LRB- first apply water or turn off -RRB- , water comes out of this handle . It seems to be some sort of pressure regulation , probably to keep the pressure within the range required to get a good mix . Or perhaps it prevents backflow of mix into the water hose . Who knows , but it seems to be designed this way and does not cause problems during normal operation . If you keep the water turned low , get a kink , or turn on/off the water you will get a good amount of flow through this hole . This would explain why people have the same `` problem '' after returning/replacing the device . As long as the water pressure is there , the device is leak-free -LRB- at least mine is -RRB- .
 I bought an Ortho Sprayer for numerous garden and yard applications . I have had mine for over 5 years now with no problems . I think the key to getting maximal life-span from this product is to wash it out after every application , and to not let it sit out in the sunshine -LRB- makes plastic parts brittle -RRB- . I like the versitlity the sprayer gives with the select-dose dial . I use it on my garden and also use it for mosquito control withCutter Bug Free Backyard 32 oz Insect Repellent Concentrate HG-95627 . -LRB- As an aside , the Cutter Bug-Free Backyard is quite effective -RRB- . There may be better sprayers out there , but I have found no problems with this model.konedog
 Wow . This arrived four days before I expected it - and just what I hoped to find . Even had a ten year warranty which I did n't expect .
 Nice product ! It Monitors the amount of fluid to water ratio , so no mixing is needed . It makes the weed killing process easier and faster .
 Just what I need for hauling my generator behind my car . No need for a pick-up truck . Very easy to assemble with good instructions .
 I was searching Amazon for kits to make a small container pond on my patio when I came across this kit on clearance . I had n't planned on an in-ground pond because it seemed like too much work and expense , but seeing this for little more than 50 bucks convinced me to try it . I am so happy I did ! I love the sound of water splashing and I find just looking at the water to be relaxing . Plants and a couple of fish are next . My pond is about 8 x 4 , with a little bit of curve to it . My soil is very soft and on a hill , so I messed up a bit due to my inexperience . I had the rim of the excavation pretty level , but the weight of the water as the liner filled compressed the soil underneath . Once it settled , one side is about two inches lower than the other . Not too noticable after landscaping , but I should have compacted or wet the soil before putting in the liner . I underlaid the liner with free scraps of carpet padding from a flooring store dumpster . I 'm thrifty!Installation errors are my fault - the product is terriffic . The pump is quite strong and heavy , but quiet . The fish spitter looks great , and the tubing connects together quite easily . The liner is very thick and strong , alltogether a very nice package . I will note that mine came with a fish-shaped spitter , not the frog shown in the illustration . No matter , the fish looks really cool . I think since it is a clearance product , you get whatever they put in the box .
 So the estimated delivery was the 12th , and i got it on the 7th . . so it came a lot faster than expected and the quality seems to be pretty good i made a nice lil half circle pond in the corner of my retaining wall with a cascading waterfall in the corner . i used this in combination with a filter box i also got here on amazon and so far so good . Product did not enclose and hose clamps as it specified but i had used zip ties which worked just fine . For the price of this product i dont think you can honestly beat it and Beckett is a very well known great water garden supplier !
 I love my beckett pond kit ! You really can not beat the price ! The liner was a much better quality than I expected it to be at this price , and also much larger than I needed for the small ornamental pond I was building . My pump is bubbling away happily and shows no signs of stopping and my landscape looks beautiful . I had a hard time finding just a pond liner at this price , so even if my pump quits a few months from now , I wo n't be upset . My main complaint is that the fish spitter has no adjustment for outflow . I was unable to use it because it spat an arc of water 4 1/2 feet ! Also , to save yourself some sanity uncoil the tubing as soon as your kit arrives and leave it in the sun a while to warm up and straighten out . I felt like I was wrestling a boa constrictor trying to get the curly tubing to cooperate ! Overall a good buy !
 Filter Box is not included as advertised . working with Amazon to correct this issue . Will post again as to the outcome . Good quality item otherwise .
 Since buying them almost a year ago , these have become my `` go to '' safety glasses for everyday wear on and off the construction site . I 've dropped them on various surfaces , hung them from the front of my shirt and generally abused them . I find that a pair of these lasts much longer than the $ 3.00 cheapies most contractors give out -LRB- my first pair lasted four months , till I lost them -RRB- , they are comfortable , and folks are constantly asking me where they can get a pair.If they arrive broken , just contact Amazon and return them for a new pair . Simple .
 I purchased this trailer and assembled it.It is easy to put together and great quality.Comment for Amazon
 This trailer is very easy to assemble , and the directions are clear and concise . I use it to tow behind my motorcycle . I put a rubbermade 48 Gallon box on it and this is an ideal trailer for the wife and I to pack up and go camping for the weekend . It pulls perfectly with no sway left or right . It is lightweight , yet does not bounce too much when hitting bumps . I am very pleased with this trailer and would recommend it to anyone . I did cut 12 inches off the width so mine is now 28 inches wide which is better for pulling behind a Sportster .
 I got this a while back . I love how easy it is to assemble . It seems to work well , but the ad said it was powder coated . There is no way in hell it is . The red color faded within six months . It 's not peeling , but I am waiting for it to start .
 Kit went together pretty well . It seems to be well designed and the pieces all fit together nicely . Havent had the chance to run it on the road yet , but it should be fine . Make sure you square it all up before tightening all the bolts down . I may use it to tow behind a motorcycle , my son will use it haul a snowblower around on the back of a 4 wheeler .
 This kit has shown me that the materials and finish are first rate and the directions for assembly were clear making it a pleasure especlally with more than adequate and complete hardware . There is attention by the manufacturer to strength and reliability unlike other kits I have assembled before .
 I turned mine into a boat trailer . It is pretty flimsy unless one puts a floor on it . After scratching it up I found the color is Rustoleum Red . The boxes it came in we 're falling apart and one was open but all the parts were there . It 's too bad you ca n't get the accessories this side of the pacific though . No problem with inspection and title . I deducted a star because it is out of square . Only one corner can be at 90 at a time no matter how tight or loose the bolts are . Since It wo n't get a whole lot of use , I do n't mind too much .
 The Trailer came in 2 boxes , keep that in mind . it may not ship allin one box and if you are like me then the rails and axle will come 1 day and the rest will come the next day.real easy to assemble , lights work , easy to add a deck . we use it to haul around a scooter store scooter for my mother .
 This trailer is very easy to assemble , and the directions are clear and concise . I use it to tow behind my motorcycle . I put a rubbermade 48 Gallon box on it and this is an ideal trailer for the wife and I to pack up and go camping for the weekend . It pulls perfectly with no sway left or right . It is lightweight , yet does not bounce too much when hitting bumps . I am very pleased with this trailer and would recommend it to anyone . I did cut 12 inches off the width so mine is now 28 inches wide which is better for pulling behind a Sportster .
 Put the trailer together in a couple of hours . Assembly was straightforward , all the parts were there and the trailer seems pretty rugged . Excellent value especially given the low cost .
 this trailer Is and outstanding product , and easy to build . I was actually trying to transport a motor cycle and I did n't like the price of renting or buying a motorcycle trailer . I had already built a rail to mount to this trailer , but I learned that It actually has accessorizes for that kind of thing . It preformed well and I am very pleased with my buy
 The 40in . x48in.trailer kit is a must-have and I would like to purchase a few to assemble and sell -LRB- any ideas please ? -RRB- need to get the shipping cost down though.Many thanks , Regards.John Steenberg
 I recently purchased a the 4 x 4 utility trailer from Amazon . The trailer was delivered to my home . It was easy to assemble and came complete . .
 This superb product keeps seeds completely dry due to its excellent design . All my song birds love it and Cardinals , which , will only go on a platform feeder , do eat here due to the design . A great find because of the excellent no moisture design . A bear tore my feeder down and did some damage . My husband managed to reshape it but the top hook was not to be found . This hook is necessary because the design will not allow any water/snow in . When I phoned the company they sent me a new hook AT NO CHARGE . Great feeder . Worth the money . Excellent customer service .
 Torrential rains and blowing snow do n't get seed wet in this feeder ! And the birds quickly learn to reach up for the seed or nibble dropped seed on the tray . A keeper !
 We live in the Florida Panhandle area and we have lots of birds that visit this feeder . We 've had it up for 3 months now and I 've never had to clean out the seed chamber . We have cleaned out the tray a couple of times . The squirrels have left it alone so far and the woodpeckers do n't waste the volumes they used to on other feeders . All the birds are now used to it even though it took a couple of weeks -LRB- the Cardinals were not very smart about it and took longer to figure it out -RRB- . I also do n't have a mound of sunflower seeds/hulls under the feeder like we used to have . I used to go thru several 20 lb bags of sunflower seeds every spring/summer , I would say the lack of waste has allowed us to purchase probably 1/3 of what we used to go thru , justifying the higher price of the feeder .
 This is our second All Weather Feeder -LRB- 4 Qt size -RRB- . Be warned -- try not to lose the lock washer on the top -LRB- the feeder will last longer -RRB- . I lost the washer early on and the feeder still lasted several years , but the winds had taken their toll on the screw top -- the threads became worn from all the swishing back and forth without having the washer there to keep it tight . The feeder would no longer stay connected to the screw top . If you do lose the washer , do n't be lazy like me -- go to the hardware store and buy a replacement.This feeder holds a lot of seed and several birds can eat from it at the same time . I have seen at least 10 finches on it at a time . It is n't starling-proof , but it will make them work for their food , so they do n't monopolize it like they do other feeders.It definitely protects the seed from rain and snow and the seed does n't spill out of it during high winds . When the feeder is full , the winds do n't move it much either . I have not tried the larger All Weather Feeder , but ca n't imagine lifting it up the hook in the tree . The 4 Qt is pretty heavy when full .
 I live in Portland , Oregon . We have wet winters . When I think back over the 10 years I have lived here and fed birds , I think about how much seed I have tossed due to damage to the seed -LRB- wet , sprouting , moldy , slimy -RRB- Not only is it hard to keep seed dry but it 's not always easy to clean and fill frequently when the weather is bad and you are filling/cleaning feeders in very wet conditions or the yard is so wet you can barely make it to the feeders for maintenance without water skis or a boat . This feeder was not a cheap feeder but all the reviews that talked about less seed waste and great performance talked me into it . Most of my feeders have metal grid bottoms or sides to minimize waste and improve drainage but this is n't possible with cracked or small seed . The small seed falls through the wire mesh or if the grid holes are big enough , through the bottom . I will agree that whole peanuts are a bit of a nuisance because they are a little big for the crack where the seed is distributed but I generally go out and flip it upside down , shake those large nuts loose and flip it back over and hang it and that seems to minimize that problem . I have n't seen the issue with wet seed in the tray but I do have an extra squirrel baffle over the top of this feeder -- to start with to discourage squirrels that I worried would chew the plastic . But I think it also works as an umbrella and minimizes the rain that collects in the tray . The only time I see the tray get very wet is when it is windy and the rain is blown in . Nothing can stop that but the amount of seed NOT wasted is impressive . Yes , it is basically for small birds but I saw starlings able to squeeze down when they are prolific in my neighborhood but they did n't seem able to get to the crack to get to seed other than in the tray due to their size . It 's too bad that part is n't adjustable for the larger seeds to come down -LRB- i.e. whole peanuts -RRB- or to allow more height for birds like cardinals -LRB- which we sadly do not have in the pacific northwest -RRB- but for smaller birds like finches and chickadees and nuthatches and such , it is a wonderful feeder and I really love how weatherproof it is and how little seed is wasted during our rainy season . We do n't get a lot of snow but I imagine it does as well with that as rain which is tougher from my experience . Thanks for a feeder that fits such a rainy climate !
 This is a great feeder . . some say it is hard for birds to learn to use ... for me , it took about 2 days and the finches were the first birds in . Now they all use it , but the cardinals prefer another feeder . Even those pesky squirrels have learned to slide into the feeding area . Anyway , I use sunflower seeds and now just sunflower hearts because the seed does n't get wet . This feeder is very pricey ! But in the winter time with inclement weather , it 's worth it if you enjoy birds from inside the windows and do n't like cleaning out that sticky residue in the bottem of other feeders .
 I 've gone through many big box store feeders over the last few years . The bottom line was that ALL of them resulted in moldy seed within a few weeks . This feeder is keeping the seed dry . No problems with the birds figuring it out either . The small guys -LRB- chickadees -RRB- are able to get up inside and pick at the seed , which results in a lot of it falling down to the plate below . The bigger birds -LRB- cardinals -RRB- then can sit on the lower tray and enjoy . The feeder is large enough that I do n't have to fill it for over a week . I would highly recommend this product to anyone in the mid-west and norht-east part of the country who has to deal with rain and snow .
 Great product ! Seed never gets wet , even in heavy rain.All Weather Feeder 4 Qt . - ClearSmall birds really like the design . They can sit inside the squirrel guard and not worry about larger birds .
 this is a great feeder , and it does keep the food dry for the birds , order the cage to keep out the squirrels , but the the large birds could n't feed so I removed it , now Im feeding the squirrels also .
 Very well made and holds a lot of seed . I have always had a problem keeping seed dry due to sprinklers in my yard , but no more . This feeder keeps seed bone dry in a very wet environment . I was curious if the birds would be able to figure it out , but I just baited the tray with fresh seed for a few days and the birds did the rest . Highly recommended !
 Definitely all weather . I like that the entire assembly screws together with a lockwasher . . I secured the feeder to a tree branch from the top with plastic wire ties -- I get a lot of wind .
 As others have written , I found this feeder to be very well made , and it definitely keeps the food dry . I thought it a bit expensive , but now that I have it , I realize it is a good value . No more wet food , and wastage is minimal as the seed mostly falls to the lower tray . I initially had a bit of trouble visualizing how this feeder worked , so I have posted a photo of a Goldfinch hanging on the upper food compartment . I appreciate RetAF 's comment about putting some food on the lower tray . Actually I shook the feeder gently and some food fell from the container to the lower tray . It was not long until the birds began to feed , and then very quickly learn to get to the upper container . We have an Indigo Bunting that uses it from time to time and he is a sight to behold .
 I had a problem with big birds -- mostly starlings and grackles -- that do n't play well with smaller birds like the morning doves . Terrorized the small ones and then ate everything . Got this one with the special cage accessory and bye-bye bad guys ! Took awhile to train the small ones -- tossing extra seed into the tray till they figured out how to peck out the seed . Now they love it . I love watching them . And I love the large tube so I do n't have to constantly refill to keep them sated and it comes totally apart to clean .
 This is really the best bird feeder I have ever seen ! The seed stays perfectly dry ! No mold ! No waste ! Wonderful ! Extremely sturdy!Caveat
 I love this feeder ; I must , since I 've paid quite a bit to replace parts of it that have been destroyed by the raccoons that used to constantly knock it down . The problem is that even with the star lock washer in place on top , the hanger on top of the feeder -LRB- which screws on -RRB- comes unscrewed rather easily -- and it did n't take the raccoons long to figure that out . Anyway , I used rubber cement to glue the star lock washer in place , and I let it spread and build up a little around the washer . The hanger is now somewhat resistant to unscrewing , which is exactly what I wanted . And , if the buggers do knock it done again , at least the star lock washer wo n't disappear into the undergrowth ! By the way , the feeder has held up incredibly well through several falls of up to 20 feet .
 First , the product . I bought the 6-quart version from this supplier . It 's not flimsy , as another reviewer suggests , though I do n't recommend you test it as I did
 It took our birds about two months to figure out this feeder . Through that period , the sprinkler system was hitting this thing every day . Not a drop of water got into the seed , so it eliminated our `` moldy seed in the bottom of the feeder problem . '' Interesting is the fact that I found this at our local brick & mortar bird supply store for less money than on Amazon . In any event , if you have a problem with your feeder allowing water or snow to get into it , then this is the one to get to solve your problem.OK , it 's been over a year since we got this feeder . I still rate it the best feeder we 've ever had . I wanted to keep squirrels out of it , because they have a tendency to nibble on and destroy plastic to get at the seed . I came up with an arrangement which has worked well since last summer . I took a 10 ' long piece of 4 '' diameter PVC pipe and put it in the ground . Then , I cut the top off a double shepherds hook leaving 4-5 ' of the post to fit inside the PVC . I took womanized 3/4 '' plywood and hole-sawed 3 discs which just fit inside the PVC and one disc larger than the PVC diameter . Gorilla glue two set together . Once the glue dries , drill a centered hole in them the diameter of the shepherd 's hook post . I then took a 20 '' diameter squirrel baffle and drilled the center of that with the same drill I used for the plywood discs . Here 's the sequence
 I have been feeding birds for over 30 years , and this is the only feeder that keeps the seed dry and keeps the squirrels away when you use the squirrel proof cage with it . I own 7 of these feeders and I would never buy another kind . A very smart person must have invented this !
 Without the particular problem I encountered , this would be a 5-star review . This feeder keeps seed dry , keeps the large birds out with the optional cage , is easy to disassemble and clean , holds lots of food , and is attractive . The major problem I encountered was with cardinal food which contains safflower , sunflower and several other seeds including peanuts ; whole peanuts eventually work their way to the bottom of the circular opening and clog it , preventing access to all of the other seeds and blocking them from dropping to the lower tray . I would take a long screwdriver to break them , but the feeder would clog again quickly . I bought the 6 quart feeder so I would not have to refill it as frequently -- with cardinal food that is never a problem ! If the opening was just a little wider it would not be an issue.So , if you purchase one of these otherwise-excellent feeders , make sure to stay away from any bird foods containing whole peanuts . Do not use any sees larger than striped sunflowers .
 This bird feeder works just as described . The birds had no problem figuring out how to get to the seed . This is the best feeder I 've ever bought and would recommend to to anyone .
 These baskets are well made and sturdy , and come complete with a 4-way wire hanger . I used them for re-potting some vandas that were about 1 foot tall , and they fit perfectly . The slats on the bottom and sides of the baskets are spaced widely enough to facilitate guiding the roots through the spaces -LRB- make sure to soak plants in a bucket of water first to make them more pliable and less easily broken . -RRB- Once a few roots were threaded through the slats , the plants were stabilized well enough to hang even without media , but I added a little cocoa fiber and large chunky stuff to kind of fill in the empty spaces . I think these rustic baskets make a good complement to the exotic beauty of the vanda , and allow its wild hanging roots to be admired as well .
 I 've used this on pocket and striped gophers this past summer with about 70 % success rate . Striped gopher networks are harder to gas since their entrance holes are sometimes hard to see even on closely mowed grass , you have to plug all the holes with paper to contain the exhaust in the tunnels . The effectiveness for pocket gophers seems to depend on the size of tunnel system , a location with many mounds will most likely require a gassing at the furthest ends during one session . I 've had a groggy pocket gopher emerge 15 yards from the location I was gassing so I can imagine the tunnel networks can be huge , a shovel helped dispatch that one ...
 Groundhogs buried under the dirt floor of a large pole barn , and now there is no sign of them . Be sure to carefully check for two entrance/exits . They are in their den at night , so it is best to get them around dark .
 We have a large yard bordered by acres of undeveloped land with an active prairie dog colony . This summer the prairie dog population exploded and a couple rodent families decided to come under our fence and get comfortable in our yard . Not only is their digging destructive , but they carry disease that we are n't comfortable having around our kids and pets . The Underground Exterminator fit our tailpipe somewhat loosely , but it did the job . We treated each burrow in our yard and a few of the burrows right outside our yard . While the colony is still thriving , the prairie dogs that were living in our yard are no more , and we did n't have to spend hundreds of dollars on an exterminator . Using this product is somewhat time consuming - we treated each burrow for about a half hour - but it unquestionably worked . We will most likely have to continue killing prairie dogs in our yard until we convince our city to eliminate the colony , but with the Underground Exterminator we can get rid of them as soon as they come in and keep them from getting out of control . We are very happy with our purchase and have recommended this product to our neighbors .
 After personally doing ALL the landscaping -LRB- 3200 sq. ft. -RRB- by hand with a six inch wide shovel and 3 months of some of the hardest work in my life , I was not going to let these rodents win . A gopher -LRB- s -RRB- was tearing up my back yard lawn . It decimated an area of about 300 sq. ft. and it was still going strong . I tried the pellets , as before , with my fool-proof methods ! No luck just three new holes the next day . I tried several more times with the pellets and received three new holes each time . OK ... bummer!Then I tried two Black box traps in the tunnel . I placed them back to back -LRB- as preferred in the directions -RRB- and only caught dirt as the ever pervasive gophers , laughing at my efforts , filled them up with fresh ground ! I was so disappointed ! All the while my yard was caving in and my lawn was disappearing ! It was starting to look like a war zone . I was at my wits end and did n't really know what to do next.Finally , I tried the Manning UE-12 Underground Exterminator ! It 's low cost and apparent ease of use with no digging , setting traps or pouring poison pellets into my yard seemed great ! If it works!The item comes in the form of a small rubber boot with a stainless steel clamp and a male end hose fitting to connect your rubber hose to . With instructions on the box and two sets of instructions in the box it could n't be clearer what to do safely and the best ways to make it work . My concerns of course is that you have to connect it to your cars tailpipe and run your car for 20 to 30 minutes . This caused me to wonder if my vehicle would suffer any damage with this thing clamped to my tailpipe and idling for 30 minutes.My tailpipe was almost 3 '' -LRB- 2005 Toyota Tacoma -RRB- and the boot fit perfectly and tighten down with the provided clamp without a hitch . Next I made sure there was no water in the hose and attached it to the UE-12 . Clearing the freshest dirt mound with my shop vac , I cleared the hole to the tunnel that started to run sideways . I placed the end of the hose into the hole about six inches deep -LRB- I had to clear dirt out of the end of the hose a couple of times and when I was sure it was clear and in the hole I covered the hole with fresh slightly moist gopher dirt . I made sure there were no other open holes by covering them with more gopher dirt and tamping the dirt down with my foot.I next started my truck and let it idle and my vehicle never got hot or messed up in any way -LRB- let your car idle and do not press down on the accelerator as per the instructions -RRB- . After letting the vehicle run for 30 minutes I shut it off and left the hose in the hole for about another 30 minutes and then removed it leaving the hole exposed . Now I had to wait 24 hours to see if the gopher would close the hole with dirt . The next day I checked and the hole was wide open and for the first time in weeks I saw no new dirt mounds!The very inexpensive and reusable Manning UE-12 Underground Exterminator worked like a charm ! I highly recommend the Manning UE-12 as a reliable and immediate way of exterminating these destructive rodents .
 For 10 years I tried everything except professional exterminator services . The Underground Exterminator -LRB- UEX -RRB- really does the job . The concept is that PRESSURIZED carbon monoxide gas fills the tunnel space so quickly and completely that it is very effective . The inventor came up with a simple idea to make an airtight rubber adapter to fit a garden hose to a car tail pipe . Around $ 15 . Very simple and so simple it 's easy to think you can just do it yourself.I thought I could just use four old garden hoses wrapped with a rag to make a pretty good seal by filling up the exhaust pipe with the bundle . The four hoses looked impressive , but the pressure was very weak compared to the UEX . I may have killed a few , but we have a lot of yard and a lot of moles and 2 varieties that have different tunnel arrangements.After two days of messing around , located my UEX hose adapter in the garage . I took all four hoses and made one long one to reach my entire yard while I left my car in the driveway and just moved the end of the hose . I did two areas last night that are totally cleared and I 'm finishing up today.I got my UEX three years ago and it completely cleared my yard in two hours . They came back and I had to redo it after 9 months . Then I just stopped doing it . Got complacent . They came back in hordes . The old tunnels are highways in our 100 year old neighborhood . It is just a little work to keep them under complete control . So from now on , I 'm going to redo it every 9 months or maybe once a year.CAUTION
 It worked as promised on my mole issue . I have soft ground in my flower beds due to thick mulch and was unable to use traps successfully . This worked great . However , the inside diameter of the device is 3 inches so your tailpipe can not be more than 3 inches outside diameter . It can be smaller , but no larger . I could not use it with my pickup but it worked on my minivan . The directions for use were clear and concise .
 So far this exterminator has worked wonders for some VERY STUBBORN gophers that I had bombed , gassed , poisoned and trapped all to to no avail . This has worked for a month so far and I have high hopes . Thanks so much for this product .
 We have 5 acres and 2 dogs . I did n't want to use anything that my dogs could dig up and ingest or traps they could trigger . The moles , voles , and gophers were tearing up the yard . This thing works ; it kills the tunneling rodents in the runs that are gassed . If the area is overrun with rodents you may have do rework the area every week or two until the herd is exterminated . Placing a plastic tarp over the area while you are gassing helps to keep the gas from leeching out or the ground . The diameter of your exhaust pipe need to be 3 inches or less . This produce is made from heavy rubber and will last for years , plus the there are no dead rodents to remove from traps .
 I have been battling gophers all summer . Could not use bait becuase of digging dogs and setting traps underground was fruitless and just made the damage worse . Found this baby at the local hardware store . Brought it home , hooked it to tailpipe and 125 ' of garden hose and down the the most recent hole . -LRB- I plugged around the hose with newspaper and tramped down all the other mounds -RRB- No more gopher mounds for three days so far . I think I got the little buggers!Designed to fit 3 '' tailpipes or smaller . It could use some way to be more flexible in fit size . If your tailpipe is too big borrow your brother-in-laws car , or jury rig an adapter . The garden hose fitting on the end of this thing makes it easy to use.No go out there and prove who is the boss !
 It works just like it 's advertised . It seems a little pricey for what you get , but it does do the job .
 We have had a growing pocket gopher problem for the last 2 years on our 5 acre property . Poison baits were ineffective in keeping up with the rapid increase in the population . After purchasing the Underground Exterminator , I am finally turning the tide and depleting the population of gophers . I attached the hose to a small Toyota pickup and used a 3/4 inch garden hose to increase the volume of gasses into the hole . The gas is very effective in about a 20 yard radius . I am not sure if it is effective out to the 275 ' claimed by the product information , but it could be . Since all the evidence is underground , it is hard to tell.I found I was more effective after experimenting with techniques of hose placement . After locating a gopher run underground , I dug a small opening and cleared the dirt in as many directions as I could find tunnels . I then used an 18 inch section of an old hose and inserted it into the run to be sure the tunnels were clear at least that far . Once I identified the tunnel pointing to the most activity , I inserted the hose in that direction and covered the opening around the hose with a small bucket or rag . I ran the engine at idle for 20-30 minutes . I then either reversed the direction of the hose or moved to the next location . Follow up is critical to be sure you get the survivors . Sometimes I treated in the same area 2-4 times before eliminating the activity in that location.The attachment to the exhaust is funnel shaped and takes the heat of the exhaust pipe well without melting or losing shape.While I doubt I will eliminate the problem , I believe the product is the most effective method for controlling large areas that are heavily infested . At least now I feel I can manage the problem .
 great nonstick product ; after 6 hours in the smoker this was easily hand washed with no effort .
 We love this thing for frying vegetables . The handles are really nice but you still have to use a hot pad . It 's easy to clean
 My wife and I belong to weight watchers . So we started grilling vegetables on the grill . This wok is perfect for grilling veggies along side of steaks , hotdogs , or hamburgers . It does a nice job and is easy to clean , just do n't forget to pick it up with a pot holder . We have lost 30 pounds each after 3 months .
 great nonstick , food cooked up great with olive oil and seasonings only , washed up with no stuck on mess . great item , diced potatoes cooked up quickly just a few stirs , much better than the ones i have had before
 We 've used the wok twice and had excellent results to date grilling vegetables . We 're going to try shrimp next .
 I 've had one of these for two years , and use it all the time in the summer . I also have theOutset QN77 Copper Nonstick Grill Skillet with Removable Soft-Grip Handleand theOutset Nonstick Fish Basket , which are terrific , too . I love this one for vegetables . It gets nice and hot , so onions and peppers will caramelize , and it cleans up effortlessly . I love this so much that I bought one for each of my grill-loving family members !
 I have an adult foster home and I like to cook variety for my ladies . This wok is great because you can stir fry veges or meat so easily and in just a few minutes and they do n't fall through but get cooked evenly . It 's large , deep , the handles do n't get in the way , and cleans up easily . I used to do them on skewers , but they cooked unevenly . I have several copper coated nonstick utensils now . Buy them , you 'll like them !
 I have used this grill basket for about 4 years now , and it stands up well . I find it works great for grill-blackening large salmon fillets . -LRB- butter & Paul Prudome 's Red Fish seasoning - 4 minutes a side over hot coals on the Weber grill - Yum ! -RRB- You might expect cleanup could be a problem , but usually allow it to soak in dishwater while enjoying dinner and it cleans up in a flash .
 I have had an excellent experience with this grill basket . It says not to put it in the dish washer , but as long as you oil the wooden handle after , it does fine . My only complaint is that if the contents are too small they slip throught the grate . Other than that , I love it .
 This grill basket is wonderful !!! My husband fills it with 2 fish fillets and veges , dinner is ready in no time ! I plan on getting more for Xmas gifts !
 It 's a little big for 1 or 2 servings but you can also do veggies at same time . Handle is nice and long but made of wood so no dishwasher.Works well and great price .
 Nice easy to use for grilling . Keeps the turning easy for all our grilling needs . Would purchase again . We like the adjustable for thickness ,
 I searched high and low for this basket , or at least one that served a particular purpose . The basket I was searching for was one that could be used to grill fairly thin items , and hold them together , like grilling ground sausage for a soup recipe I had . The recipe called for `` an asian meat grilling basket '' but I could n't find one . This basket serves that purpose and yet , is adjustable , so it can hold food items that are fairly thin to food items as thick as a thick steak . For me , it totally serves the purpose it was intended for .
 This feeder is the smaller of two mesh feeders made by Aspects . It is an excellent product . The top is easy to lift for filling . Goldfinches , siskins and other birds love to cling and feed and this is a fun and active feeder . It also has the advantage of discouraging non-clinging birds because there are no perches . If you have goldfinches and the like in your area , they will love this feeder and you 're likely to see dozens hanging onto it and feeding . This feeder holds a little over 3 cups . Comes with a lifetime guarantee . The larger feeder of the same type isAspects Nyjer Mesh Finch Feeder . Best used with nyjer or thistle seed although you can also use shelled sunflower seed . Do n't use mixed or sunflower seeds with this feeder .
 I bought this three months ago and am amazed at the number of goldfinches and siskins it has attracted to my yard in Oakland , CA . It has held up very well and I 'm going to order another one , as the birds go through all the seed in this in a few days . If I had to do it over I might have ordered a larger size to begin with .
 I bought this feeder to encourage native songbirds to come to our yard - especially American goldfinches -LRB- as opposed to our persistent , hungry Gray squirrels and exotic , invasive House sparrows -RRB- . I hung the feeder up , and within a day , a pair of goldfinches was visiting . Several months out , the goldfinches continue to visit , scattered over each day . At most , 4 have fed on the feeder at a time . However , 1 male usually ends up chasing all the others away . Occasionally , a Black-capped chickadee will use the feeder , as well as a House finch . Unfortunately , exotic , invasive House sparrows now use the nyjer seed feeder , too . Also , these guys scare away the goldfinches . The occasional Dark-eyed junco , Mourning dove , or White-throated sparrow feeds beneath the feeder . I wish this feeder also came in a smaller size .
 This is extremely cute and well made . The quality of the material is not cheap , it does not feel cheap and looks like it will hold up in the weather quite well over the years.More of a modern take on a bird feeder , so looks nice on any home.The `` smaller '' version is not too small , but rather a nice size.I 'm looking forward to watching birds enjoy this as much as I know I will . Pleased with the purchase and will be ordering another one soon .
 This mesh tube feeder is the deal ! I purchased it to replace the `` old '' white stocking bag . That bag looked great for about a day ! Then something started putting holes into it . Anyway , this is the way to go for a thistle feeder . Nice quality and super cute .
 The Coolaroo Shade Sails provide great relief from the hot summer sun beat down on the west side of our house .
 We recently had 5.5 inches of snow here in the mountains of North Georgia . Not a big deal for Yankees but a big snow fall for us Southerners ! I bought a Snow Joe for the driveway but it did not work well so my husband asked for a wide snow shovel instead . He made fast work of our driveway down to the concrete . Sun melted little patches of ice and driveway was clear in no time . He 's 78 yrs old and his legs are not as steady as they once were but he had absolutely no problems shoveling our driveway wearing ice cleats on his tennis shoes to keep his balance while using this shovel . He began in the middle and shoveled/pushed the snow to each side . A piece of cake !!! We 're recommending it to friends .
 Sure it is more costly than the ones I have gotten before , but it is so good , my sons bicker over which one gets to use it . I used it for the recent snow storm and found it clears the snow very well . Have used it about 10 times and it is n't broken yet , which is something since snow shovels usually break quickly . Very easy for a week old woman like me to use . It just pushes the snow like a snow plow . I love how wide it is , resulting in less passes over the snow to clean up . Arrived quickly .
 I have ordered this shovel before to clean the tennis courts where I work . The shovel does a great job . I needed a shovel without a metal strip and this shovel fits the bill . I would recommend this shovel .
 OK - but the material does not see sturdy - I guess we will see in the next couple of years , how good the materials are .
 I hate to shovel but this is by far the best for my needs.Its lightbut strong and does n't have a sharp edge so it wo n't gouge into thewooden deck.I ca n't wait to use it again next winter . -LRB- If you believethat you need help -RRB- .
 The product was everything it was promised to be and arrived in 3 short days . My hope is that I will never have to use the product and unfortunately that was not part of the product guarantee .
 I would recommend this over the one with the metal edge . My son in law has one like that , and it catches on every little thing . I would prefer the plastic edge and put up with the eventual wearing down . It will last a long time before that comes into play .
 Excellent shovel for pushing snow to clear the driveway , sidewalk , etc. . Sturdy and tough , and the handle is terrific . Would require different type of shovel to clear large piles of snow created by street plows . -LRB- This is a push shovel , not bend & scoop . -RRB-
 Years ago , when we lived in NC , we bought this shovel -LRB- I have no idea where -RRB- to clear the stoop on the rare occasions that it snowed . Since then , we moved to a small town south of Buffalo -LRB- in the snowbelt -RRB- . I quickly learned that maneuvering a snow blower was just plain out of my ability range . So , since this was the shovel we owned , I started using it every time I shoveled . Our driveway is long and narrow , so , since it 's less tiring , I 'd push the snow width-wise -LRB- this is probably how everyone knows to shovel a driveway , but I totally felt like I 'd discovered the wheel when I figured out that pushing snow in width-wise strips meant I could do the whole driveway without getting too tired or sore -RRB- . I bought a smaller shovel to scoop up the snow to make snow banks along the edge of the driveway , and to get up the snow at the end of the driveway that snowplows dump . -LRB- I make my snowbanks only on the right hand side of the driveway . I drive a short little car , so this way I can see to get out of the driveway . Again , I 'm sure everyone already knows this but I felt like a dang genius when I figured it out for myself ! -RRB- So we 've been in WNY through two full winters , and by the end of last winter , my awesome blue pusher shovel was leaving blue bits of plastic in the driveway and just not as effective . So I went to the various hardware and big box stores looking for this shovel and could n't find it . Instead I bought a pusher shovel that had a metal strip across the bottom edge and I thought it would solve the problem of all the wear and tear my blue plastic one suffered . Which it did . It also made the most intolerably grating noise . It was like nails on a chalkboard amplified a few thousand times . I should just give that shovel away to someone because I 'll certainly never use it again.So when I found the shovel here - with Prime shipping , no less ! - I was overjoyed ! Thanks so much for selling this - I hope you 'll still be selling it in a few years when this one dies , and a few years after that and a few years after that . I 'm enclosing pictures of how the shovel came shipped - it arrived in perfect condition , as well as side by side pictures of the new shovel with the old shovel .
 This shovel is exactly what I was looking for . With this shovel you simply push the snow just like a snow plow truck . The 27 '' on this shovel assists in finishing the job quickly . Others have mentioned that they prefer to have a metal shovel . I 'd have to say that I would rather replace a shovel every 5 to 10 years than destoy my walkway , driveway , and wood porch with a metal one . The bottem line is that this shovel is in my opinion the right tool for the job .
 This is a great shovel . It uses the best shovel style I have found because it plows the snow and can handle large amounts without spilling over the upper edge . The only thing this particular shovel is missing is the metal edge that would increase its durability .
 During February 's blizzard of 2010 , parts of WV received more than 30 inches of snow ! We 're SO glad we had this particular shovel ! It 's lighter weight than our metal snow shovel/pusher , and makes pushing snow easier . The blade is wide -LRB- 27 inches -RRB- and allows easier and faster creation of a foot path in deep snow . The blade has grooves that help prevent the snow from forming a solid heavy mass on the blade when shoveling . Snow does n't seem to stick to the blade as much as it does on our metal one . So it 's good for use when snow is the heavy wet kind . The D-Grip handle made lifting easier on the back . I 'm ordering a 2nd one to replace our smaller metal one .
 not an expensive shovel , but light and perfect angle - i put two together and push the snow away - its perfect , and my old ones were worn out and could n't find them anywhere - amazon to the rescue !
 I ordered this during a blizzard when all the stores in my area were sold out of shovels . It arrived quickly and works very well , the width of the shovel is excellent !
 I bought one of these in January 2011 to augment a yellow poly snow shovel with a metal wear edge . That snow shovel served me well for short , concrete walkways during 2 Philadelphia winters , but I wanted a pushing shovel for clearing driveways in Northern Illinois . What I 've found is that it works best to have both kinds of shovels . This pusher is great for just pushing snow when it 's not too deep or wet , but when you get to the side of a driveway it 's not as easy to use as a shovel to keep a neat edge . It also does n't work too well if you 're trying to dig out a snowbank or scrape off steps.Also because there is n't a metal strip the poly edge is already chewed up after 1 winter . I cleared snow on a concrete driveway , asphalt driveway and concrete sidewalk , and I ca n't tell you which surface did the most damage because I did n't notice the wear until the season was over and I was putting it into storage . I also clear the driveways of a friend and her parents -LRB- total of 6 parking spots and 60 ' of sidewalk -RRB- , so 1 winters use by me may be equal to 2-3 winters by someone who is only clearing a single driveway .
 I sent this to my father after visiting him and finding his snow shovel was broken . I 'd given him a little snowblower but due to recent ice storms , the snow blower was useless . I had to hack at the melting ice with a spade and his broken snow shovel and was not successful so I ordered this one ! I was looking after him as he recovered from surgery and the best thing about this shovel is that it was delivered ! It is a decent tool and I 'm glad to have use of it , but more than that , being in a rural area and unable to go out and shop , the ability to get a shovel delivered is very important ! Thanks Amazon !
 My husband and I LOVE this shovel . It is so easy for us to use . It just glides along . We purchased another one for this winter so we both have one . You wo n't be sorry buying this product .
 Plastic scoop cracked on mine of > 5 years . Great pushing shovel ! Looking for reasonably priced replacement . Sorry Amazon - $ 16.96 in stock at Walmart . Bought 2 this a.m.The Suncast 27 '' Pusher Snow Shovel features a no-stick graphite blade . The blade also includes a galvanized wear strip with a textured steel core handle.Suncast 27 '' Pusher Snow Shovel : No-stick graphite blade with a galvanized wear stripTextured steel core handleModel # SP2780
 I purchased this snow shovel/pusher last fall so to be ready for winter -LRB- I tried getting similiar items the winter before but after weeks of promised delivery Amazon had to cancel my order because it could not be fulfilled so I would recommend ordering early -RRB- . This shovel/pusher works great on light amounts of snow that you would n't want to bring out your snow blower for . It clears the driveway much more quickly than a regular shovel . However , if the snow is a wet snow it can get quite heavy and the risk for potential injury is defineately possible . Also it does not have a reinforcement blade at the bottom like most plastic shovels and I have noticed it is slowly wearing out with plastic residue coming off the blade wilth every use . Despite this I am ordering another one for this winter because the time it saves is worth the fact that I do n't expect my first one to last more than a few winters at best .
 I work in a commercial building and the building engineer was looking for a shovel that is wide enough without being too heavy when full of snow . These really fit the bill . We would definitely order them again .
 I recently purchased this item from Amazon/Toby 's Tool shed . I have a large driveway and turn around area which this shovel pusher will make short order of the snow . Great product!Suncast SP2725 27-Inch Snow Shovel/Pusher And D-Grip Handle , Navy
 This shovel/pusher is great ! It is perfect for clearing sidewalks , etc. especially with lighter/fluffier snows -LRB- I would n't recommend it for heavy/wet snow -RRB- . In my opinion , plastic is better than metal for clearing snow . While plastic wears-out sooner , it `` adapts '' to the surface easier .
 65 yr old man with heart problems . This shovel -LRB- pusher -RRB- has been a blessing with our winter . I recommend it for anyone looking for something to push snow ... acts like small snow plow
 i live in Jersey and in the past month we have gotten 7 snowfalls . I have 3 shovels 2 small push type and one `` pick up and throw '' type . Since its only Jan , i decided that i needed a bigger push shovel to shorten the clearing times . I read lots of wide shovel reviews , including the ones on this one and , although some people said the lack of metal band `` catches '' a lot , i thought id try it out . 3 snowfalls later I must say this is a great shovel . I have over 2000 sq ft of pavers and it worked great on it . yes it would catch every once in a while but no more than the metal ones . Although plastic it scraps up thin snow very well . It shortened my time to clear and am very happy with it . it is really only a push shovel , you need another type to pick up snow , but i try to push as much as i can and pick up as least as I can . I really do recommend it .
 This pushes snow like a bugger . My only concern is the plastic is a bit brittle which I believe lends itself to the edge chipping . There is no steel edge which I do n't like anyway because metal edges grab every little imperfection but so does this hard plastic to some degree . I had a pusher for years that seemed to be just a tad more flexible and had a fantastic roll . It seemed to glide over surface imperfection easier . Other than that it would have rated 5 stars for me . I agree it is a pusher not for lifting and shoveling large amounts due to the sharp angle of the shovel head . To shovel you really have to get low and bend over .
 It 's not that i do n't like the shovel but it 's not as useful as i thought . If you do n't have absolutly good smooth pavement this is not the shovel for you . This would include a whole lot people . And it is exactly what it says -LRB- a pusher -RRB- dont try to pick anything up with it .
 This is the best shovel to push the snow like a plow and without the metal strip it gets closer to the surface and wo n't hurt my stone surfaces.It will wear down after a good winter in the mountains but it really makes easy work out of frequent snowfalls .
 I had a 10yr old snow pusher needed new one . I ` am older so old one was 30 '' new one 27 '' works great for lite snows it pushs the snow 12 ' across the driveway .
 This is a Great shovel ! Perfect for removing snow from the deck , driveway , rooftop etc. . Even without the metal edge , it cuts right through the snow . This snow shovel wo n't harm your deck
 I would give this 4.5 stars if I could . but still , recommended!I 'm 6 ' 2 and it would be nice if the handle was a little longer . It 's not bad , though . Also wish there was a steel strip on the bottom of it . thats about it as far as constoday we had a `` blizzard '' in Wisconsin . I cleared out my driveway very fast with this 27 '' pusher . It was a pleasure to use . Infact , I think I cleared out mine faster than my neighbors with snow blowers!It really works well as a pusher ! Do n't hesitate to try it out !
 It 's an okay shovel ; was looking for a scoop i.e. , -RRB- shaped shovel though . but it did the job this year . not much snow in pittsburgh this year to tell though . definitely not a pick up and throw shovel , it 's a push shovel , and at that it did well . if we had heavy or high snow , it probably would n't have been the one to use . so if you are in an area where you just need to push , it works well and does n't need a lot of effort . otherwise , get a different shovel . not wanking that this is a bad shovel , it is a tool with a purpose , and you do n't -LRB- should n't -RRB- use a hammer to put a screw in , is what i mean to say .
 These people were terrific ! I ordered one day and actually received the parts the next day , without even specifying overnight delivery . The parts were exactly what I needed , and did not appear to be seconds or re-worked . My mower now works perfectly . Highly recommend this seller .
 This was just he part I needed . Got the mower fixed and is running great .
 This product was exactly what I ordered and was a perfect replacement part . It was well priced and delivery was quicker than stated .
 I bought for my bro 's birthday , now I want one ! Top quality , everything you need , and very sturdy , which is a plus on the grill . Warning , though , knife and serated edge on spatula are very sharp -- not for kids who ca n't handle themselves . Main pieces are really long so you do n't get burnt over the grill . Heads for the grill scrubber were $ 5 , totally replaceable . Corn cobbers are really cute , too . Perfect gift for a bbq ` r !
 As a gourmet chef i never use bbq tools until now . I could n't believe the workmanship and high polished stainess steel used on these tools . This set has everything an outdoor gourmet could ask for ! Bravo to a company finally selling a product worth talking about . But , the best part is the aluminum carrying case I use to store the tools in so they do n't get lost or mishandled .
 While a little intimidating when you first take it out of the box , once you get it unwrapped and get the secure , sturdy aluminum case snapped open you 'll begin to admire both the simplicity and design of the Set.I got mine as a wedding present , and I 've already gotten a lot of quality use out of it . Most of the tools are long handled to give you good clearance from the heat , and the spatula is not only wide enough for the Big Burgers but it also has a sharpened edge to allow you to check `` doneness '' without having to reach for another tool.The fork , knife , tongs , and basting brush are also well designed for their purposes and the Four `` kebob '' skewers are made out of solid , polished metal so the food slides right off . The eight corn picks are a nice touch , as are the salt and pepper set -LRB- they arrive empty , so fill them with the spice/rub of your choice -RRB- , and for after-grill cleanup there 's a nice and solid grill brush with spare head.Everything fits securely in its own place either with elastic straps or with velcro attachments , so nothing clatters around when you move it from your kitchen , to your deck , to your tailgate party , to your ... well , you get the idea . * grin *
 I purchased this gift for my then boyfriend for Christmas two years ago . He said this gift was the reason he married me ! It is such a great set ! Everything stays nice a sharp , easy to clean , and looks really profesional ! My now husband , keeps it in the back of his truck and likes to impress his friends at bbq 's with it . It 's an attention getter , and a great set . We highly reccomend this set !
 I bought it as a gift for a coed bridal shower which I hosted for my son and his fiance . They just bought a BBQ for their new house , and they love this set ; as my son put it
 The Platinum Prestige 21-Piece Tool Set is simply amazing . The stainless steal construction of the tools are of the highest quality , and are equally functional . You will wow anybody with this set.A must buy for anyone who loves to grill !
 Exactly what I ordered ... good quality product and at a very reasonable price . They also had very prompt service and delivery ... I recommend buying this set !
 This BBQ Kit is as cool in person as it looks online . The pieces are all very good quality and everything you need is included . I like the aluminum case so we can take it camping with us . I know my friende will be green with envy when I start dishing up the ribs this summer with the great spatula .
 The perfect gift for the Bar-B-Q guru . I bought this as a gift and have never seen such a huge smile . The pieces are a beautiful stainless and very durable . Definately a good value .
 Excellent Quality with all the tools a serious bar-b-qer needs .
 No review yet , , waiting to see if seeds come up . the shipping was great ... . ater
 We add this to our pond water several times during the spring , summer , and fall . It helps break down the waste making clean up alot easier .
 I reviewed a lot of uv clarifiers . This one is made by same company as my pond filter . Installing was a snap . I cut the intake line to my filter , lines slid right onto the clarifier . I plugged it in and in two days the water was crystal clear ! I 've been cleaning the filter pads daily too . I can tell soon I 'll be able to go days between cleanings . If you need a filter too , go with tetra!My pond is about 900 gal . It 's in sun most of the time . I have 8 koi , a waterfall , a bubbling fountain and the filter . I added 40 small oxygenating plants and a barley ball . Before the uv I dosed the water for weeks with chemicals . The uv worked when nothing else did .
 Easy to hook up . . cleared my 1500 gallon pond in about 4-5 days . . noticable change in water after the first day and kept getting clearer ... probably would have cleared faster but my pump is too small for the pond so the flow isnt high enough but its clear now . . shopped around my local pet shops and the prices were from $ 160 - $ 250 so i think i got a great deal . . green color blends in with my plants . . buy it . . mahalo ! R
 This device is a wonder ! Prior to its use , I constantly battled sun and minerals that kept the pond filled with algae . While chemicals work , they must contantly be adjusted in summer temperatures of 130 degrees in Basrah , Iraq . An added bonus is that all of the plant life in the pond is alive again . The five turtles and all of the fish can breathe again . I clean the filters each day and the pond is clear !!
 I bought the Tetra pond green free clarifier UV1 , 9 watts and am very pleased with my purchase . It arrived from Amazon within a week from ordering as promised . The clarifier was very easy to hook up to my existing filtration system , only took about 10 minutes . The water in my pond was like pea soup . I had even lost a fish due to the high PH level . I have about 850 gallons of water , and it took a good Two and a half weeks to clear the water . I also did two partial water changes . I wish I had bought this sooner , it is so nice to see my fish swimming around , next summer will be a pleasure not fighting green water ! My only complaint is that it is hard to see the green light on the system that tells you the lightbulb is working , it is very faint .
 I got it and within a week my water was crystal clear !! AMAZING ! I had to put it after my pump because my pump is submersible and this is not . Definetly worth the price !!!
 I 've had it going for about 5 days and my water is so much clearer . I thought all my fish had died due to the nasty green water they were living in . Now I found most of them still alive under all that muck ! Great product !
 My pond water looked like pea soup . After attaching this clarifier inline between the pump and filter the water was crystal clear in about 6 days . I Could n't believe how well it worked . This is an amazing product and I would highly recomend it .
 Three days after installation and my water is 50 % clearer ! I anticipate crystal clear water after the recommended one week cycle . My pond is only 500 gallons but I have an over sized pump , so I bought the 9 watt model to handle the flow rate . Installation was easy , but I had to wrap one of the hose adapters with a bit of electrical tape in order for the hose clamp to seal it tightly .
 This is my second unit . The bulb went last year and I replaced it but there was a leak which caused the bulb to fail again . Amazon price for a new unit was less then new bulb and sleeve .
 This is a `` Get what you pay for item '' ... . I have only a 800 gallon pond , but it gets a lot of sun and has more fish than it should , so a good uv light -LRB- and filter -RRB- is a must . You can find a 18 watt light for about half the price if you look hard enough but it will only last a season .
 This is a quality product . Unfortunately , it arrived damaged . I contacted the company and they gave me a full refund to my credit card .
 Good Grief , how do you write 20 words about seeds ? They arrived quickly and did n't die right away . I was n't rushed to plant them by the stress of shipping . I 'm looking forward so much to planting them in the greenhouse after I 've finished moving into the house . Also , the frost that happened within weeks of their arrival did n't get 'em either . Yeah !
 What can I say besides this cap works well and does exactly what it is supposed to do . My old cap was black , so the red is a nice touch to server as an attention point .
 Best review is for amazon , great shipping/packaking , etc , what can be said , oil is oil , and since its consumed , and a work oil get the best value
 ok it does what it is supposed to ...
 I bought a chain saw from a friend it was brand new only he had no bar oil , this was right after hurricane sandy and I had a tree down in my yard and needed to cut it up . All the stores were out of bar oil so I ordered on line and in a couple of days I had it and cut up the tree .
 Purchased this to go along with my new Poulan chainsaw from Amazon . From what I can tell this is just standard chain oil -LRB- which is probably just ... standard motor oil ? -RRB- At $ 5/qt it is hard to say this is a steal , but given that the chainsaw seems happy I ca n't really complain . I 'd recommend just heading into Ace/Home Depot and buying whatever their generic chain oil is instead , but if you want to keep everything brand-matched , I suppose this is just fine .
 It 's chain oil.My family of 10 is the testing grounds and we give the real world exam !
 I give it 5 stars based on fast delivery . I have not used it yet .
 The Supa Vac absolutely does what it promises . I was surprised that it actually works , and surprised it does not use a rotor as I expected , in fact I understand the concept but already do not understand how it works precisely , but yes , it produces an acceptable strong suction . It works perfectly to take out sand , little stones and objects from the ground of a pool . In my case I have a lot of dust which can not be hold by the included filter . I put one of my socks over it , but its not enough and already has influence on the suction . So much of the dust goes through it and remains in the pool . In my case the filter system of my little 4000L inground pool ist not strong enough to filter everything before the dust sinks on the ground again . But Supa Vac at least brings out a part of it.But do not order it from Silvo Home and Garden ! First I ordered it from them but they never shipped it -LRB- take a look at their profile , they have over 30 % negative feedback ! -RRB- , finally I got it from an other shop .
 I have an old weed eater & was having a tough time finding replacement parts . Thought I was going to have to buy a brand new one even though I do n't use it much . They had the right product at the right price & were easy to do business with .
 I have an older Weedeater XT-16 that 's heavy duty , but no longer made . It was nice to be able to find spools for a discontinued model since some parts are no longer available . I bought two based on future needs . As expected , it works great but you do need to glue your original `` bump-and-go '' part to the spool .
 This Ace Hand Weeder is a very simple tool but it effectively removes weeds near the root . Weeding with this hand weeder is not a long-term solution but rather a quick way to get the biggest weeds out of the way . It works best after you 've watered the yard as sometimes soil can get really dried out . It also works better on larger weeds than small new ones . So to use this tool you just press it into the soil close to the root and wiggle it around until the root loosens or is cut off . I find this tool works best if I also wear TurfKing gripping gloves to pull the weed out easily . ~ The Rebecca Review
 I really was n't sure if I should give this product five stars or three . There 's nothing exceptional about it as standard 4x6 '' flags-on-sticks go . I have no complaints at all about the ordering and shipping process . It got here quickly and in fine shape . I slapped it under the iron quickly to get the wrinkles out and it looks just like it 's supposed to . `` Looking like it 's supposed to '' brings up an important point , though . Many times around here I 've noticed Connecticut flags with dark blue fields -- the kind you see on state flags from New York and Virginia to Nevada and Oregon . But the Connecticut flag is n't supposed to be dark blue . State legislation specifies `` azure blue , '' a shade much closer to what you see on this product . So kudos to the manufacturer and retailer for getting that detail-that 's - not-a-little-detail right .
 Because my timing for planting the seeds had to be altered , I was concerned about their viability . The planting instructions had several options , but ` plant later ' was not one of them . I emailed the supplier and received a response within one day . I still have n't planted the seeds , but I am confident that they will be fine based on the professionalism of the supplier . I would purchase from them again .
 I have eight stackable plastic patio chairs with arms that we purchased from Lowes . I purchased this chair cover for $ 15.99 and it is very nice . I thought I would have to buy two covers but one did the trick . I highly recommend this cover .
 Great product ... it seems like it 's short , but when you work , it 's actually ok I ca n't imagine using makita without this attachment to remove thinset.GREAT Tool !!
 I bought one of these for myself and found it so useful I bought three more as gifts to my daughters and girlfriend , and they love them as well . Mine is especially useful to me because I can snip things near the ground without having to stoop over . It 's also great for trimming plants with thorns because it nips them and then grasps the clipping so you can deposit it without having to handle the clipping . I ca n't praise this little tool enough .
 It works as advertised and was easier to use than I expected it to be . The blade is especially sharp and the rotating head with the feature of holding the clipped branch is helpful .
 This is a perfect tool for home gardeners . I am using it to deadhead Crepe Myrtles and this well made tool make it so easy I even enjoy using it ! Well worth it !!
 The Corona Clipper I purchased for myself and my 88 yr old Aunti is the best invetion I have in my bucket of yard tools , It works great and saves me the time I so desparetly need to complete other tasks in the yard . Recommen it highly . Amazon.com is the best shopping I have ever used .
 Bought this for my husband for Father 's Day . When we got it - he said it was nice enough to get for his dad for Father 's Day too . So we bought 2 . We have a large garden and my husband says this is his favorite pruner for the fruit trees . Nice and sharp , easy to pull . Very happy with overall use .
 I am very impressed with the high quality of the clippers . Very good construction and the cutters are sharper than expected . I highly recommend this tool for hard to reach trimming .
 This tool is perfect to trim tall shrubs . It is very light and gives you a great extension . Now I can reach the tops of my hollies with ease and without having to use several ladders to get the job done . I definitely recommend this tool .
 This tool is exactly what I needed to keep a holly bush `` under control '' . It is perfect for `` dead heading '' and other light duty trimming where a long reach is necessary . The `` N hold '' feature works well to hold the cut off ends for proper disposal . The tool weighs only about 1 Lb-1 .6 Oz , so it is very easy to use.Although the stated capacity is 1/2 inch , I would recommend * not * using it on anything approaching that size except perhaps soft green vines . About 1/4 -3 / 8 inch would seem to be a comfortable maximum for most live branches ... less for dry dead wood .
 Corona Clipper LR 3460 1/2 - Inch Long Reach Cut N Hold Bypass PrunerI saw this item in use at a local rose garden tour . Knew that I had to have it . Searched online and found it at Amazon for the best price . I do a lot of trimming of my 50 plus roses ; deadheading and pruning . I used to get all scratched up reaching into the rose bush , even if I reached in only a couple of inches . With the Corona Clipper LR 3460 , I could reach even to the other side of the rose bush without getting scratched . It was intended to reach high branches for deadheading . However , it also reaches down to low branches on low bushes . Clip , hold and drop into the waiting scrap bucket . No bending down and no more back ache . What used to take half hour to trim , now takes about 5 minutes . The maximum capacity is nothing harder than rose stems and no bigger in diameter than a pencil . My only disappointment is that the unit is not repairable . If anything should wear out or break , the individual part can not be replaced . The unit is very high quality and I expect many years of use from it .
 This clipper is great for snipping tree seedlings , vines , and small branches . It saves a tremendous amount of stooping and/or pulling . It works best when the cutter can be aligned perpendicular to the branch being snipped .
 Oak sprouts from a live oak in the front yard took over while my back was turned and it was killing said back to bend over to clip them , pick them up and toss them out of the patch of jasmine that surrounds the oak . I thought , what if I had long handled clippers ? So I went looking and found these . As a bonus they grip the clipped off sprout making it easy to flip it off to the side into piles . The rotating handle keeps the grip in a comfortable position for squeezing.I 've only been using them about 30 minutes and I 'm lovin ' 'em . I poke the nippers around the sprout , slide down the stem to ground level and snip . Takes much less pressure on the handle than I thought it would , actually . I expect they 'll be just as useful touching up the bushes and other small-branched items around the yard .
 After 6 years my clipper broke and I needed a new one . This came quickly and just as discribed . I 'm more than happy with it .
 My husband and I have a beautiful garden and pruning is made so much easier with the Corona Cut N Hold Pruner . It is just long enough to reach high branches without a ladder . Clean up is fast because the clippings are held by the pruner and do n't fall on the ground . It is light weight and durable . I have recommended this product to others and they were just as pleased .
 We have a similar picker sold here in Hawaii for $ 85.00 , and is not as well made as this one . Good for picking our lemons and limes . They grab the branch tightly so the fruit does n't fall to the ground . Great item for the price .
 This light weight trimmer has been just what I needed to keep my favorite vine under control . The Corona gets up high and lets me quickly and easily snip off all the unwanted creepers around my front doorway arch . Love it !
 I needed something to get the branches that were out of reach and this does the job . My arm strength is limited and this is light . It would be nice if it could tackle a little larger branch but it works . The last one I had was a lot less costly and lasted many years . This was a hard to find item , so guess it was worth the price .
 I have many rose bushes and this has made clipping the dead buds so much easier -- no more bending and reaching . I also am able to trim branches -LRB- although not too thick -RRB- and my gardening has been made alot easier .
 This is an ideal tool for my Dwarf Fruit Trees whereas I used to have a ladder in order to prune them , I can now do it from theground without any problem
 It works , as long as the branch you are cutting is about the size of your little finger -LRB- depending somewhat on the type of plant being cut -RRB- . No problems and the pruner 's holding the cut-off branch so you can drop it in your wheelbarrow , etc is very handy .
 As a life-long gardener , I have my share of semi-used gadgets ; however this clipper is the exception . With approximately two dozen fruit trees , three dozen rose bushes , innumerable ornamentals , -LRB- and a burgeoning plum and apple `` sucker '' crop -RRB- , this product proved its worth on day one of its use . I 'm recovering from major surgery and am unable to climb ladders or bend from the waist -- pretty limiting for a gardener . This clipper has allowed me to do the maintenance pruning and deadheading that needs to be done on a daily basis -LRB- and the clip-and-hold feature is an added plus -RRB- . One word of caution , if you have n't used this type of clipper recently , be sure to wear garden gloves on the first few days of use . I had n't touched a pair of clippers in six weeks , so my right hand was pretty sore after the first few hours of intense use.This product is a definite `` must-have '' for all gardeners .
 We have a large butterfly bush which I dead head about three times a week . As a result , we have literally hundreds of butterflies visiting each day . Getting to the top of it was a real pain , and butterfly bushes are brittle . This tool makes it easy . It is well designed and built . There may be better ones out there but I do n't know how they would be . It is a quality tool that removes the dead flower and holds it so you can remove it from the bush . It rotates 180 degrees so the gripper works no matter what angle you are picking from . If you want a lot of butterflies , cut the bush to the ground each fall or spring and prune it very often . The bush will bloom all year and bring you more small friends than you deemed possible .
 Being a wheelchair user has me always looking for ways to do gardening jobs myself . My new Long Reach Pruner is just the tool for that . It is light weight and very well made . It does have a small blade opening but I 'm getting used to aiming it towards the target .
 This unit works well and is easy to handle . Be aware it will not cut branches thicher than 3/8 inch , sometimes a 1/2 inch as stated in the procduct specs . I think a longer handle would be more useful but the unit as advertised does a good job .
 I bought this tool -LRB- oddly enough -RRB- as a pond , water lilly pruning aid . Where I had reach in from the shore to pick dead leaves . It does that just fine . Grabs and holds leaf stems securely after cutting . However , I have become addicted to using it on land as well . Deadheading all kinds of perennials that I never tended to before . Large butterfly bushes ; hydrangea , lavender , zinnia , salvia and large , multi - flowered black eyed susan-type plants . The plants are much healthier for the improved care they receive . The device is well made . Sharp and efficient blades . Easy to grip and use for long periods of time . Comfortable in the hand so that you do not tire of using it . I love it . My new , favorite gardening tool . Thanks Corona !
 I am a volunteer at a municipal rose garden and used the Corona Clipper for at least an hour while deadheading roses in the center of a large bed . It worked very well but the handle is small and hard surfaced which irritated my hand . I quit using it as I felt that my hand would soon blister . Redesign the handle for a better fit with softer edges and I would give it 5 stars .
 Long Reach Cut-N-Hold PrunerThis Pruner is great , I wish that I had discovered it years ago . We have a Persimmon tree and harvesting this year has been so very easy . If there were one longer I would buy it also , because some of the fruit is pretty high in the tree .
 I purchased this to replace one that has about 4 years of weekly use . In fact it is still in use . Cleaned up the old one and gave it to a elderly neighbor so he could take care of his bougainvillea . This clipper IS NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH LOPPERS as some of the reviewers seem to have done . It is not built for heavy duty pruning and was never intended for that purpose . This clipper is designed to allow you to reach small , hard to reach growth . It has saved me numerous times in dealing with to hard to reach roses , bougainvillea and anything with thorns . Use this clipper as it was intended and you will get years of service . This clipper is very well made and is an excellent tool when used in its intended purpose .
 Because of a back condition , the amount of times I bend over during the day is limited . It was getting so I did n't want to look down at my flower beds because there was so much dead-heading needed . Now , with the Corona Clipper I can stand upright and snip the dead material and thin the plants in crowded areas . I save the bend-over work for when I really need to get down and dirty.The cut-and-hold feature is good for removing material to a pile . However , the handle levers do n't always loosen when I release my grip ; I have to manually flick them open with my fingers . Maybe this will fix itself with more use .
 I 'd been looking for a 4-6 foot long reach pruner at the local nurseries and the going price was around $ 90.00 - a bit much for my taste . Then I came across these and for half the price it was worth a try . They 're exactly what I wanted in a long reach pruner for trimming my dwarf -LRB- 8-10 foot -RRB- fruit trees and ornamentals . The shaft rotates to change the angle of attack and the gripper for holding the cut branch is an added bonus - no more cut branches hung up in the tree . The maximum cutting size is advertised as 1/2 '' in diameter which I 've found to be pretty accurate . A great bargain for the cost .
 I was replacing a similar tool that I was unable to find , made by Stanley . The Corona version seems very well made , and it has the Cut N Hold feature that I liked so well on my original . My only complaint ... it does n't open wide enough so it limits the size of growth you can clip .
 This pruner is very sturdy and works fine for pruning my water lilies . Pruners made especially for water garden use cost much more than this item , so I consider it a good deal . I 'm not sure if it will stay rust-free after a couple of seasons of use , but I 'm satisfied with it right now .
 I love this thing . It 's simple technology may be common to you but it was ingenious to me . The plastic grabbers on the side of the cutting blades hold the stem of the fruit so it does n't fall on the ground . It still trims small branches too . I just moved into a new place with a lemon tree and been having fresh lemonade everyday .
 this works well , a great alternate to a pole saw for simple pruning in between big trimming with a hedge trimmer or for cutting edges along a border without bending over
 A must buy for a gardner . Great product for reaching up to make pruning cuts . Will only prune small branches .
 The pruner works great and prevents my having to use a ladder which is a lot of trouble and sometimes unsafe . The Cut N Hold feature is also good since cut branches can be moved to one side and dropped onto the ground instead of having them fall into the bush .
 This is a great tool for pruing berry bushes . It also works well for bushes up to 8-9 feet tall . Using the grabber side only I am able to use it as a pick up tool and to pull weeds and unwanted grass from my flower beds . It works great for pruning my roses . It is a great back saver when used to get between my flowers and bushes.Great tool for the price . -LRB- Several of my neighbors have seen me using this tool and inquired where they could get one . I refered them to Amazon.com I am considering purchasing addional units for my gardening friends and family -RRB- .
 This is exactly what I needed to get dead stems and twigs out of the pond . Nice product . Reasonable price .
 Bought this after reading reviews on Amazon . It is indeed a great product . Cuts very nicely and the fact that it then holds the trimmed part is solid design .
 I had one of these made by `` Stanley '' that finally needed replacement . I searched to see if I could get another from `` Stanley '' . No luck . I found the `` Corona '' long reach pruner on Amazon and decided to give it a try . I received it in good shape and within the promised delivery time . It works very well for trimming hard to reach items and thorny plants such as roses . It holds the trimmed piece for retrieval and disposal . I am totally happy with this pruner and would recommend it to any gardener . The only reason I gave it four stars , and not five , is that it is a bit shorter than my old `` Stanley '' version .
 This pruner is awesome . I just finished pruning my rose bushes which had not been done in two years . This is a great product for anyone ; but especially for those of us who use manual wheelchairs or scooters . I was able to reach the back bushes without getting too close to them .
 I bought one of these about ten days ago ... very useful ... now I can reach things that were difficult to grab and cut . Well made tool ... not a piece of junk.Update
 This is a super product , although I was disappointed on first use
 This is a perfect product for my needs -- it allows me to trim a climbing rose on my arbor without having to climb a ladder and also to trim a large knockout rose bush which has grown to the height of my house . I 'm sure I 'll find many other uses for it .
 This is a very nice item . It works well . It is very helpful . But cutting 1/2 '' branches is some Corona marketer 's dream . Just to be clear , the problem is not the jaw size . It can easily cut soft stuff that is 1/2 '' . The problem is leverage / strength -- it has problems with woody stuff that big . It is possible to make such a cut , but only by squeezing hard enough that I worry about breaking the tool , and even then worrying it around -LRB- especially rotationally -RRB- a lot until the branch gives up . Not easy , not efficient , and does not seem good for the tool.So live within its bounds , which still includes a lot , and it is a very good tool . I 'm glad I bought it , and I 'd recommend it to a friend .
 I like this long reach cut n hold pruner . I bought this tool to allow me to prune pond plants , -LRB- lily 's , bull rushes , irises , etc. ... . plants with green stems -RRB- , without having to get into the pond . In the past I put on my chest waders , wadding into the water , sometimes on hand and knee . At my age this is not safe anymore.This is a perfect product for my light duty needs , light in weight , well engineered and made with simple but strong metal linkage . ... . It grabs and holds leaf stems securely after cutting . The cutting head rotates giving me the flexibility to cut from either side without repositioning the handle . This tool has allowed me to safely maintain and remove the dead , decaying plant foliage in my pond without the risks involved in getting into it . I have also used it to reach my arbors and pergola from the ground , pruning wisteria , calamites , kiwi , and additionally pruning my 65 + year old flowering quince . All of which , in the past , required me to work off of a step ladder.I highly recommend this tool for anyone having light duty trimming/pruning where you need to reach , cut and retrieve your cuttings . Caution
 I like this long reach cut n hold pruner . We live in the CA foothills and both Poison Oak and wild blackberries , and Broom , infest the area . This pruner enables me to reach back into a shrub and cut out the blackberries , or cut , pick up and drop into the wastecan , any poison oak -- without getting poison oak or blackberry thorns in my gloves.I had a japanese made and slightly shorter pruner which eventually wore out , and got this as a replacement.One caveat
 This long reach pruner is a great help!Mostly eliminated the need for a ladder to prune my dwarf fruit trees.Even better for trimming the kiwi vines that put out loads of new chutes all summer long . I cut them off every week or two ... and the hold feature of this pruner allows me to hold and place the cut chutes into piles . The long reach allows me to trim from one side while standing on the ground.I also use this to cut weeds on the ground with little bending on my part.Wish I bought this years ago ! -- end --
 I like this tool a lot - it can cut and hold foliage , flowers , even cucumbers . I also use it for weeding . It 's very easy to use from a sitting position.However , I 've had two issues :1 . The blade was pretty dull upon delivery , but sharpening it with a whetstone solved that problem .2 . More concerning to me , is that the screw/nut -LRB- ? -RRB- -LRB- which holds the jaws of the pruner to the handle lever -RRB- fell off , and I 've been unable to find an adequate replacement for those parts.I 'm trying to contact Corona to see if I can get replacement parts , and will update my review accordingly .
 This is a light weight tool for smaller branches but it is very handy for my style fruit trees . My trees are planted close and never allowed to grow over 6 feet tall . Some times it 's hard to reach the inner branches but this tool works great . And the fact it grips the cut branch makes clean up a snap .
 I 'm much happier with these than I have ever been with the bamboo stakes . They are simple and effective , and can be used singly or circle a rope through . I wish they make them taller as well . The existing coated steal stakes are too pricey , and usually overkill in the strength dept.
 Insanely expensive but very hard to find in my local area . Shipping is a killer on the pocket book , but it is a 50 # bag so ... The attraction here , to me , is the level of K P and micro-nutrient -LRB- mineral -RRB- . My yard responds very well to this fertilizer as a spring wake up booster .
 I ordered this product for much less than it cost locally . Also had free shipping . What a great bargain !
 Works great . Very easy to install definatly keeps the squirrels away from the bird seed . It is hard to keep the clear platic clean I wish they also sold a dark green version .
 I have several of these and they do work.Of course , we all know that squirrels are `` mini Houdini 's '' , so many time you will need to put two of these on a pole , maybe 6 '' apart to give better protection.Squirrels are hard to keep away when they really want to get somewhere . But they do help .
 When first installed the squirrel baffle was exactly as advertised . The squirrels -LRB- all of them -RRB- climbed the pole and could not get past the baffle . However , after some number of tries , the squirrels found that they could chew through the soft plastic collar that supports the baffle and did in fact chew it down to the bare screws holding it to the pole . Even though the collar continued to hold at that time , the surface was so chewed that the baffle was able to lock in place and allow the squirrels to climb up and over it . Had the collar been made of metal -LRB- and we have seen them chew on metal containers though not yet destroy them -RRB- , this would not have been possible.We have since contacted the manufacturer -LRB- Heath -RRB- and their customer service representative very kindly offered without our asking to replace the collar at no charge to us . He also suggested some possible methods for treating the collar with cayenne pepper to discourage the squirrels from chewing on it . We are satisfied with the product and the service and only wish the squirrels were more understanding .
 I had to make my own collar to hold the shield since my pole was larger than the one supplied . The pesky squirrels had already figured out how to eat through the prior baffle purchased at Home Depot and had gained access to the feeders , however this clear , see-through design has stopped them . While it 's smaller than my previous baffel , they are confused by it and have given up their pursuit ... at least for now . This also was the best bargain I could find . I 'd give it 5 stars if the collar was adjustable and did n't have to go over the top of the pole .
 This product is amazing and it works . I have n't had any more problems with the squirrels getting at the bird food .
 Great product and a great deal on Amazon . Tried lots of other things to keep squirrels out of the feeder -LRB- home made baffles , grease on feeder pole etc. -RRB- , but nothing worked . Put this up yesterday and had a lot of fun this morning watching the squirrels try to get past the baffle . Maybe they 'll find a way around , but I doubt it !
 Too early to tell whether it can outsmart the sqirrels , but it has so far . Very reasonable price and easy install .
 This is our second order in two months ... the first was a 15x20 foot product and then this 20x20 foot product . The prices were far below what we could get locally for exactly the same item , manufacturer etc. . . with the added benefit of delivery direct to the door in just a few days.After doing a lot of research both online and with local pond experts , we decided to go with the EPDM rubber pond liner despite the additional cost . Not only is it considered more environmentally sound and durable , but almost a necessity if you want fish without fear of contamination etc. . . Since a pond is not something we want to re-do every few years due to a poor quality liner , nor do we want to risk puncture/tears/rips that could ruin the plants and fish , this seemed like the best option and most cost effective in terms of time and expensve over the long run.BUT , when we began searching locally for an EPDM liner , the price was either very high OR the size options very small . Originally we thought about a 10x15 size but after calculating pond dimensions and depth -LRB- do n't forget the depth -RRB- , realized it was not sufficient . -LRB- As a side note , for those that are searching for a basic pond rule of thumb ... take the desired length of feet , add 2 feet , and 2x desired depth to calculate width . Do the same for width -RRB- . Decided to order this - very pleased with the purchase . The price per square foot was competitive with the best local prices per square foot for the smaller sizes yet we were able to get a larger dimension for a more useful pond size . Thickness is of a very nice quality . Seller was prompt , delivery quite rapid . This was the same liner a professional pond installer uses on his personal pond so should last for a substantial period of time.Overall , great product and a great price with superb service !
 This flag was purchased for an event where it was to be paired with another flag from another school . The other flag , which I already owned and had purchased in person at the spirit shop , was very good quality and I wanted this one to be of equal quality so the pairing did n't look shoddy . Great quality . Bold colors .
 This flag is perfect . The flag is single sided and works great on the wall in the game room .
 Good product , but expensive . . its $ 13.72 with free shipping on Troy-bilt 's site . . so why pay more ?
 Upon opening ... I like that it has air filled big tires that will make it going over the thick grass easier . Setup was quick two thumb bolts . What I do n't like is the random guess work with regards to the spreader amount setting . It is not notchy so you do n't really know what amount you are in or if it is hit you would be putting a lot more or less . Next , I will hit the turff and let ya 'll know how it is.Update
 very sturdy . Saves so much time compared to my Scott 's drop spreader . Works for seed and fertilizer . Just got to get used to the distance it spreads .
 I purchased this after reading reviews , and after one use I am not disappointed . True it is advertised at 80 lbs . and it only holds 50 , but a 50 lb . bag is all I want to push around my yard at one time , anyway . Was easy and comfortable to push . I did n't experience any of the other difficulties that other reviewers mentioned about it dragging the ground or being too `` short . '' I also had no trouble using the printed chart that comes with to determine what setting to use ... and it worked perfectly , covering exactly as it said it should . No regreats with this one so far !
 This spreader is far superior to anything else on the market at any price point . The oversize tires really help going over rough terrain and the spread rate adjustment is straight forward . Because the tires grip so well you can get a longer throw during broadcast as the spreader sling plate spins much faster than those on cheap poly wheeled spreaders . Highly recommended !
 I ordered this Spreader after an long search . Merchandise arrived in perfect condition . Just pulled it out of the box , tightened the handle & it was ready to go . This spreader worked great , easy to set & adjust flow of Weed & Feed , The tires on it are much better then the hard plastic ones that come on most of the other brands . I was able to complete about a 1 acre area in no time , with no problems , the amount of Weed & Feed it holds is Great , less stopping & lifting of heavy bags to refill it . I am very pleased with it thus far & would Highly Recommend it to anyone who has a small or big yard .
 I tested out quite a few other spreaders and this one is by far the best built of the group . The other spreaders were very flimsy .
 Pros : This is a very well made spreader . The pneumatic tires and easy locking shifter make it a clear choice above the cheapo Scott 's units . For $ 20 - $ 25 more , it 's well worth it . -LRB- BTW , I just saw a pneumatic tire unit made by Scott 's at Lowes , It 's garbage compared to the Earth Way and is about the same price . -RRB- Cons
 I purchased this for my husband , he really likes this one he has had others . Easy ro push and operate .
 Came assembled , good construction , easy to use . Remember to start walking b4 starting to drop product so as to avoid little piles of fert.Earthway 2050P Estate 80-Pound Walk-Behind Broadcast Spreader
 I am very pleased with my purchase . It will help me with my 28,000 square foot front yard.Thanks again Harry B.
 Everything about this spreader speaks quality , it is an Earthway after all . The only complaint I have is that the handle is pretty short . I feel like I have to adjust the way I walk behind it because of the handle . I do n't really , just feel like I should because you are walking closer to it . But then I forget about it and just `` spread '' .
 This Earthway 2050P is the best spreader I have ever owned . It pushes really easy and has very even flow with any setting you desire , it is well made and looks to be very durable .
 Best spreader owned . Excellent product , precise settings , professional quality and features at homeowner price . Very fast shipment .
 The pneumatic tires on this spreader make it possible to go over rougher ground more evenly . If you 're tall , the handles could be a bit longer .
 Unit works very well . Need more setting information in addition to the pounds per square foot in the instructions . Large fertilizer manufacturers primarily give settings for Scott rotary spreaders , but very few for Earthway . Instructions on fertilizer bag are often different compared to the Earthway instructions.Granular size makes a difference in settings also . Confusing . Pushes well over rough ground , hills etc. . Carries a good load .
 Enough has been said about the quality of this spreader and I agree with all of it . I just wanted to add a note about Earthway customer service . My spreader arrived with a hole in the box where one of the tubes poked through from rough handling . The hole plug that goes in the end of the tube was missing . I found the Earthway website and sent a message late one evening . I already had a response at 5:11 am the next morning to inform me that a replacement part was on the way . That 's good customer service ! Obviously the person responding made it first priority for the day to address customer issues .
 As advertised , a cut above the typical big box store items . Maybe not as easy to push over uneven terrain as some reviewers would lead you to believe , but certainly better than most . A good product , well worth the money .
 This spreader seems very durable and precise with the large rubber wheels over uneven terrain . It saves a lot of time with a wide distribution , however , I used a drop spreader around drives , walks and shrub borders for better control . I sealed a few holes and any openings in the tubular structure with silicone sealer to prevent entrance of any highly corrosive fertilizer and water .
 Love it ! Coming from scotts deluxe edge guard this is a solid stable pusher . I put several 40 bags of lime out over my acre lawn in no time -LRB- 1 bag at a time -RRB- . bumps were handled easily . hills no problem , albeit I probably spread it a lil uneven - I chalk it up to inexperience . I proceeded with grass seed , where I use scotts brands and found that the conversion of settings was difficult . Finally after a pencil/paper and grade school math I figured it out . You 'll need to keep the conversion chart handy as most bags dont list earthway settings2 things to know before you buy :1 -RRB- scotts has edgeguard this does not -LRB- watch the throw radius -RRB- 2 -RRB- mapping from scotts broadcast spreader settings to earthway spreaders is a math problem .
 Arrived early and just what the vender advertised . The soft tires are great and the capacity is just right . Enough to cover some ground but not too heavy to handle .
 if you take care of your own yard and fertilizer or over seed 4 or 5 time a year this is well worth your money for any homeowner with a yard bigger than 10,000 sq feet . My only regret is waiting so long to buy this spreader . The 10 '' pneumatic wheels make all the difference 10x easier to push than the Scotts deluxe it replaced . Only improvement would be a little taller handle as I 'm 6 ' 4 '' and it is a little low .
 Works great . Easy to use , spreads evenly and covers a large area in a short amount of time . Bought this to replace using a commercial spreader I had to wait my turn to borrow .
 The wheels make this broadcast spreader easy to use and speeds up the process . an excellent addition to your lawn care tools
 Great spreader ! The perfect combination between durability and cost . We love the larger tires and extra capacity . Nothing negative to say .
 Works great , I have a medium size yard and it does a nice job . I use to have a professional company treat the yard . This year chose to do it myself . Yard has never looked better .
 This is so much nicer than the junk you get from local stores . Easy to calibrate and does a great job .
 This is a well made lawn spreader that was easy to assemble right out of the box . The large wheels makes using the spreader very easy and it pushes very easily over rough areas of your lawn . The broadcast spreader does its job very well as it can propel the fertilizer very far and evenly on your lawn . Very pleased with my purchase .
 Worked as advertised . Directions easy to follow . Broadcast farther than my older one did . For the money I would recommend it to anyone .
 Spreader seems to be well built , easy to use , and the conversion guide included is a must . Others have mentioned that the handle sits to low , but for me the handle is great . I am 6 ' 2 '' and it is much easier to grip than the Scotts spreaders I have been using .
 I was pleasantly surprised by this product . It 's well made . The handle has a nice soft grip on it , the air-filled tires are without question superior to any plastic-wheeled competitor and the spread-rate mechanism worked smoothly with a high-quality feel . It came essentially fully-assembled and I had it out of the box and ready to go in five minutes . Only `` complaint '' - there is a fairly complex dual-matrix chart that explains how to set the spreader feed-rate for your fertilizer type . I had no trouble reading the charts but blew through a bag of fertilizer meant to cover 5,000 square-feet in about 1,000 square-feet the first time I used it . So not sure where the fault there lies but perhaps go a little conservative on your rate adjustment after reading the proper setting off the table .
 Glides over the lawn without ripping it up -LRB- would be pointless for a spreader to destroy the lawn , but the plastic wheel ones have both on Scotts and no-name brand ones -RRB- . Most spreaders choke on big bags of powder lime . This one was even and fast . I have not found anything within 100 dollars of this product that could compete with it . I put forth 1/20th the energy moving around the spreader . The pneumatic rubber wheels are the key along with a simple and sturdy design . The adjustment opens and closes with precision , it is made well.The picture makes it look cheesier than it is . It has a strong build to it and the handle can be loosened to fit in a tight shed . I was impressed by it in general :-RRB- The only possible issue is the cotters pin/wire that is in the bucket to mix the powder . I do not know how much of a load it can take . However , all spreaders have one as far as I have seen . Maybe on 400 dollar ones they use other things ?
 Bought this from Amazon after reading the generally positive reviews . I had borrowed a Scott 's to use before getting this one and it was definitely harder to push and did n't broadcast as wide a swath . The Earthway works well spreading milorganite . Only thing to watch is that you have to shut the lever off if you stop for any reason -- or the fertilizer will keep pouring through the holes onto the ground below ! Other than that it is easy to use on rough ground -LRB- the big wheels make a difference , as stated by others -RRB- and it carries a full hopper of 35 lbs easily .
 Ive used this once heres my take : It comes very well packaged and delivery was quick . It required little to no assembly . The big tires are very helpful when spreading on tall grass . My main complaint is that the title is misleading . It reads 80 lb spreader . I put a 40 LB bag of fertilizer in the bucket and it completely filled so I dont know how they would expect you to fit 80lbs ? Other then the capacity glitch it was a good purchase .
 Nice spreader , easy to use , ready to go out of the box . 2 suggestions for this spreader , # 1 , cut out and save the application chart off the box , and # 2 , get 2 , 3/4 '' pvc schedule 40 couplings , cut a 1/4 '' slit lengthways in them , then snap onto the bottom frame where it rests on the ground to help protect the frame from scratches and rusting .
 Great product - well built and perfect for fertilising the lawns . The design and constructing of the unit is first class . Would recommend the unit .
 I was not able to find this locally so order online was my only option and I was not disappointed . It was everything I expected and works great . I use it for my yard as well as for my small 1/4 acre vineyard .
 Got this to replace a tow-behind spreader I had for the lawn tractor . Our yard was too small for the tow-behind , but this unit is perfect . Only thing missing is a screen to keep lumps out of the feed chute . I made one from some expanded steel mesh since I did n't see that as an accessory for this model . I know from experience many pelleted lawn products have clumps of material hidden in the bag that clog the spreader chute and mess up the spreading rate , so a screen is important .
 This a very well made product , and I like it . This is my first broadcast spreader , and it took some getting used to . I have used drop spreaders in the past , and it is easier to control the application with them . This spreader makes short work of big areas .
 Have never been pleased with the cheapness of the Scotts spreaders so I decided to lay down the money and purchase a pricier one . I 'm glad I did because I do n't foresee having to replace this spreader for a number of years . The inflatable tires are a huge plus on my rough terrain and most of the parts are metal or heavy duty plastic .
 Very good quality and works as described . Spreads evenly and quickly . The tires are one of the best features . The spreader travels smoothly over even my rough lawn .
 Looks better made than a Scotts and wheels actually feel oversized for its frame . Worked ok , but became clogged so had to unclog with a screwdriver . Also , a endcap came off frame . Looks like it will last otherwise .
 This is a top performing spreader.We are involved in a fairly large commercial gardening and lawnmowing operation and this machine suits our needs very well.Very prompt delivery in a fully assembled state .5 star +
 All I 've had in the past were the plastic wheeled Scott 's type spreaders . But now I have a larger yard -LRB- ~ 25,000 sq. ft. -RRB- and it 's bumpier than my previous one . Although this may be rated at 80lbs . you still have a volume issue to overcome to max it out . I suppose if you have a fertilizer or whatever you 're spreading that 's really dense , salt perhaps , where you can reach the 80lb . mark without filling up the hopper first , then I guess it may do 80lbs . I put a 40lb . bag of fertilizer in mine and the hopper was full . All and all I like it and would buy again .
 This is the first Broadcast Spreader I 've ever had that actually does what it says it will do . Other spreaders are plastic junk that wo n't broadcast lime -LRB- too heavy -RRB- or even allow a full load of fertilizer without stopping the action . This Earthway was here in 2 days , with just having to put the handle bar together -LRB- very simple -RRB- and I was off and running . The rubber tires make the job very even and fast with no `` drops '' anywhere in the yard . A full bag a heavy lime went like a breeze , and the fertilizer was no job at all for it . I was so thrilled , I could n't wait to get to do this review . Get one !
 Had various cheap spreaders before this one . Wider tires on this model make it easier to push through the thick St. Augustines grass here in central Tx . Sturdy build and large hopper plus the even spreading on this model make it a great buy . More expensive than Scott 's models sold in the big orange store but a much better product .
 Save yourself the frustration of buying a cheap -LSB- Scotts -RSB- spreader from one of the box stores and go right to the best . This model is sturdy , has a large capacity so you do n't have to reload every 2-minutes , pneumatic tires for a smoother more consistent ride and is compact enough that it will not take up all of the space in your garage or shed when not in use .
 I read all the reviews of the most popular drop spreaders . I did n't want to buy the cheap plastic numbers at places like Home Depot or at my local garden store . This Earthway had excellent ratings , mainly due to it 's large rubber tires and the ease of going around rough terrain . Well , I agree with all the positive comments , and I would definitely recommend this product . I was pleasantly surprised to find it completely assembled in the box -- all I had to do was raise the handle and tighten two wing nuts . The problem is that the openings in the bottom of the hopper that drop the material onto the spinning casting wheel are calibrated in a rather arbitrary way . They do not correspond , for example , to the settings found on bags of certain brands of fertilizer -LRB- Scotts , for one , though Scotts does make its own drop spreaders -RRB- . Although the instructions come with guidelines , I found that I really had to experiment a lot . I just reseeded today , for example . The instructions recommended that to reseed I should set the opening to 12 -LRB- to deliver 1.5-2 pounds per 1000 square feet -RRB- . I found that hardly any seeds were coming out , and I had to open it up to 16-18 to drop a visible amount of seeds . It does a great job in spreading a 5-6 foot wide swath of seeds or chemical , so it makes quick work of my 15000 square foot lawn . The linkage controlling the openings is adjustable , so maybe I just need to experiment a bit , but it 's not a `` set and forget '' kind of deal . I do n't have experience with other broadcast spreaders , so it 's possible that they are all like this . Anyway , construction is excellent and it will likely last for many years to come . Good luck !
 The pneumatic tires on this spreader make fertilizing my yard a breeze and the large hopper means I only have to fill it twice for an acre of property . It spreads very evenly and comes with a conversion chart to find the exact setting for any brand of fertilizer .
 Lightyears better than the Scotts `` Deluxe '' spreader I purchased at Lowes a couple of years ago . Spreading anything other than grass seed was a nightmare in the Scotts , and even grass seed took a long time . The opening was not large enough for lime , fertilizer , or similar materials to pass though the hopper . With the Earthway , I spread 10 40-pound bags of lime pellets in a few minutes . Easy to use and seems well-built and reasonably durable . Comes with a parts lists , so it appears repair parts are available should a component break . The 80-pound description is an overstatement . A single 40-pound bag of lime pretty much fills the hopper . Not a problem since I do n't want to wheel around more than 40 pounds at a time .
 I 've used this once since receiving it , on about an acre . My ground is bumpy and moderately sloped . I 'm happy with the ease at which I was able to push the spreader , given the pneumatic tires . With the hopper full of fertilizer , I did not feel it was unstable even when walking side-hill -LRB- across the slope rather than up-and-down -RRB- . I 'm 6 ' 4 '' , and was worried about the height of the push handle and it 's relative comfort . While it could be higher , I found it to be adequate and did not have trouble . It may be more difficult if using to spread heavier material than fertilizer , but I 'd probably just use smaller loads .
 I had a Scott 's broadcast spreader that would n't do the job . With the earthway , I was able to put more fertilizer in the basin which meant for less stops for re-fill . In addition , the larger tires made for pushing it around the yard a lot easier .
 This is a decent spreader for the price . If you are seeding a lawn it throws more seed out to the left of the unit . Not a real big problem you just need to make sure you overlap when applying seed .
 This Earthway spreader is really a step up from the Scotts brand spreaders that i have been using with the plastic wheels . I can push easily and quickly over bumpy terrains and not spill everything or get stuck . The speader also quickly and very nicely shoots out the seed or fertilizer and shoots it quite far too , , so save quite a lot of time . The spreader holds easily 25 lbs of fescue or rye seed and most of a 40 lb bag of fertilizer ... -LRB- Actually i think it will hold the entire bag of a 40 lb bag of fertilizer . . but would be a bit heavy -RRB- . I have no problems with the amount it holds . . as it is not a big deal to pour in the rest of a big 50 lb bag of seed and this makes a nice reminder to not put out too much at once . The control lever is what controls how much seed or fertilizer is going out . . and all you have to do to shut off the seed or fertilizer is pull it up . It works nicely.It is made of somewhat light plastic . . but seems to be a durable plastic and is sturdily constructed together.Only complaint i do have is that the handle needs to be a bit taller . I am 5 foot 10 inches . . and i thought it was a bit short . . even after adjusting it up to 2nd -LRB- highest -RRB- level . -LRB- so might really be a aggravation for someone who is over 6 foot .
 Well made , heavy duty spreader . It rolls easily , spreading the fertilizer 6 to 8 feet . Heavy plastic bin . Good buy at Amazon .
 Spreader appears to be well constructed and distributes the product -LRB- granular fertilizer & grass seed -RRB- well . It is lightweight and with the folding handle stores compactly . And the price was right .
 Received this speader and in 5 minutes it was ready to use . The only thing I had to do was unfold the handle and tighten two wingnuts . The speader works well , sturdy construction and well made . The spreader rolls easily because of the pneumatic tires even when fully loaded . The unit far excels the other brands . Highly reccomend this product .
 I received my earthway 2050p spreader quickly and packaged well.There was nothing to do before using.The spreader is easy to adjust and control.It rolls easily over rough and hilly terrain.I would definitely recommend this spreader to a friend and would recommend Amazon for the place to buy.They always have the best prices .
 It seems well built . The application rate matches the instruction book . Just do n't loose the instruction book ! This is definitely worth the money .
 Solid unit and a great value . Handle could be a little longer and I wish the feeder control was spring loaded so when your hand came off it stopped automatically . Overall you wo n't be disappointed .
 Well made piece of equipment which works really well , easy to clean and use and is great value for money
 The pneumatic tires make the difference . This spreader rolls easily and carries a 50 lb -LRB- 23 Kg -RRB- load with ease . I have a very steep yard and this unit is what I needed to do the job . Cheaper units have flimsy plastic wheels -LRB- my `` new '' Scotts spreader wheel broke on the first use -RRB- that make them more difficult to push . Also the plastic tub and gear encasement on this unit will minimize corrosion from chemicals . The handle is slightly shorter than other spreaders but it works well for me.Shipping was fast and the unit was fully assembled out of the box .
 This has got to be the very best walk behind spreader that I 've ever owned . The balloon tires on the spreader make using it so very easy . It is just a smooth working machine . No such thing as hanging up on rough terrain or stopping suddenly in thick grass . I highly recommend this to anyone looking for a commercial-type spreader at residential prices . OUTSTANDING ... to say the least .
 I have a very rough yard with bumps , ruts and tree roots . My old speedygreen was just too hard to handle . Just got this fat tire spreader and it works so well that I can maneuver it with one hand . The design allows it to empty completely without having to shake it all around . NOTE
 I purchased this broadcast spreader to replace a drop spreader that was worn out . I am able to treat my lawn in 1/3 of the time it took with the old spreader . The tires had good traction on my lawn . The chemical spread evenly . I would definately recommend this spreader to other homeowners .
 The 2050P was a pleasant surprise . The unit comes fully assembled in a relatively small package . The only setup needed is to flip up the handle , tighten two wing nuts , and select the product flow rate.The unit is made of polymer with the exception of the frame and cable . Although made of polymer , the unit 's design and function are superb . Fertilizer went down even and fast . Spreader was able to cover a quarter acre lot in under five minutes .
 Like others before me who rated this product , I found this spreader to be a great value for the money . You wo n't find this good of a product at the `` box '' stores.Extremely easy set up . Take the advice of other reviewers and cut out the chart on the box and post it in your shed or garage.Most of the products I have put down with this spreader did not include spreader settings , however with the chart you can figure this out .
 This is an excellent product and I would recommend it to anyone in the market for this type spreader . I am very pleased with the way it handles and the settings are right on target . I think the big wheels make a big difference .
 Like a lot of people I 've been using scott spreaders for years , but they left a lot to be desired in a spreader . This new earthway spreader is everything I 've ever wanted and more . You ca n't get a professional type of spreader at the home garden centers , and some of the other professional grade spreaders are just too high priced to be feasible for home use . I 'm very well satisfied with the quality and price of the Earthway spreader .
 It works great . The wheels are amazing and overall very very happy with the product
 I wanted a better product than what I was finding at Lowe 's and Home Depot but I did not want to pay the hefty price for a commercial spreader . I searched Amazon and found the product I needed . After receiving the spreader , it was exactly what I was looking for . If the manufacture was to ask me how to improve it I would tell him to install a deflector sheild that could be changed from one side to the other at a reasonable price . I have not tried it but Scott 's spreader has one and it looks like it does what it is suppose to do .
 This is a replacement item for the one we had . I have a 7,000-gal koi pond that I run the filtration system on non-stop , all year . The original ballast lasted 9 years . After the first one failed , my husband attempted to replace it with `` cheaper '' ballasts from a big-box store . We went through 3 of those in 3 years . Not so cheap after that . It could be that one of the reasons they failed was they ran so hot . -LRB- I would touch them and wow ! Could n't believe how hot they were . -RRB- This one is just warm to the touch . I have confidence in this product .
 Item arrived in perfect condition . Colors are bright and sign is of good quality . I would recommend this product . My 8-year old son loves it .
 Big size that I needed for the hundreds of hummers I feed . A quality product made in the USA with a fantastic price .
 I have been using these traps for quite a few years and LOVE them . To keep birds from getting into the trap I cover it with a milk crate and cover all except one entrance to allow the rodent to enter it . Only one bird incident in a long time . I also peg or nail the trap to the ground surface , to keep preditors from taking the whole thing of to the woods , to chew on . Inside I do tie the little mouse traps to something to keep it from going down some little hole .16500 BETTER RODENTRAP
 Ca n't count how many rodents this contraption has trapped . I do n't think it has missed more than once or twice
 I have had this product for several days . So far , it is awesome . It works perfectly . I have not had any of the problems the other reviewers discussed . I bought six of these from my local hardware , privately owned.In the Intruder series , I believe this is the biggest model . It sets easily , the spring is not oversensitive . I can easily bait it with a huge dab of peanut butter . If I had one improvement to make on the Intruder models , it would be to add ` teeth ' to the edge . Yet , so far , it has annihilated every rodent that has dared cross it.If you want to catch the big varmints , go with this model . It is cheap , easy and works well . Just be careful , it will easily damage/kill a cat , chicken , etc. . I have already killed 2 full grown squirrels . It has a very hefty tension spring that causes it to snap fast and hard.You might also consider the 4 gallon plastic trash bags -LRB- for vermin disposal -RRB- . Makes life a lot easier . I also use hospital gloves . The trigger end has a high probability of getting contaminated with rodent saliva/juices when their little necks/chests are snapped . If you do not have gloves , you can also stick your hand inside the small trashbag and use it like a glove.If you have arthritis this is a great rat trap . It sets super easily and works like a clothespin from the back . The spring release is wide and flat , making it even easier to use . You can also easily carry it from the back without fear of getting snapped . You can set it using the palm of your hand or use your foot . You can only bait it once it has been set.Do not let little kids or pets near this death trap .
 How to do it : Open the trap and do not bait it.Place the open jaw next to an exterior wall like so
 Great traps , I have been over run with the little things in my horse barn . Wanted to get rid of them fast . Used this as well as live trapping . Got 5 in the first 3 days . Also got 7 mice . Mice are a bit small and one was still alive inside the trap , so be careful . Easy to use , no mess , easy to dispose of . Gave them to the hawks flying around .
 IN THE SHORT TIME I HAVED OWNED THE TRAPS I HAVE CAUGHT 23 CHIPMUNKS AND FED THEM TO THE HAWKS AND OWLS IN MY YARD . HAVE ALSO CAUGHT TWO RATS . UNFORTUNATELY 4 OR 5 BIRDSS HAVE GOTTEN CAUGHT ALSO . I USE SUNFLOWER SEED IN THE TRAPS . I HAVE RECCOMMENDED TO FRIENDS .
 This is a very nice little hummingbird feeder . It 's one of only two that I 've had through the years that has lasted more than one season . The others were either missing parts -LRB- usually the flowers fell off and blew away -RRB- or leaked constantly . Another nice thing about this feeder is that it 's super easy to clean . You are n't left with a bunch of separate parts when you take it apart to refill it or to clean it , because there are only two parts . I usually just dunk mine in a mixture of bleach and water , rinse , and dry . It 's plastic , so if you happen to drop it , it wo n't break . I 've also had fewer problems with wasps and bees visiting this feeder than I 've had with others . I 'm not sure if because of the way the flowers are shaped or if it 's because the flowers are red instead of yellow , but whatever the case , I 'm thankful . I also like the nice small size of this feeder . Unless your yard is totally swamped with hummingbirds , this is more than enough since nectar needs to be changed so often .
 The brass garden hose quick connect couplings which have become so common are wonderful . However , the system is completely dependent on this somewhat specific washer design . Once the washer wears , the leaks are inevitable . This replacement washer fits perfectly and seems to be of very good quality . All these I 've used are still leak-free after up to three years .
 This was a replacement for one exactly like it which we actually had for over 10 years . It only gave out because of the sun damage . It has been feeding orioles , hundreds up them over the years . Between the orioles and hummingbirds we go thru 20 - 25 pounds of sugar each summer . They are the of our joys of summer .
 we have oriole every spring and this is the only feeder which seems to attract and keep them , plus the price was great .
 A very good feeder for both Orioles and Hummingbirds . Large capacity lasts two days when busy . Subjectively I like the appearance of the orange ball . Partially closed off feeder tubes are big enough for Orioles but partially closed off ends keep out bees and small bugs . Need to aim slot in bottom of feeder tube to minimize spillage
 This feeder holds a large amount of liquid -- I would recommend two or three of them if you have a lot of birds , hummingbirds can drink out of them also .
 We 've had this product before so my purchase was a replacement for the one the squirrels destroyed . The replacement was the same as the original purchased .
 this feeder is the best ! no need to add dye to it and the Oriole 's love itI 've tried a lot of feeder 's and this one works!it is also liked by the Hummers , and all the woodpeckers !!!! the first two were perfect but the last one I got leaked , so we ca n't use it , ca n't returnwe have tried everything to stop the leakgood product never had one leak before
 I am very satisfied with both the quality and appearance of the oriole feeder . Especially glad that the lower holding container is easy to clean . Would not hesitate to recommend this product .
 This feeder is a large size and holds at least 5-6 cups of sugar water . I have n't had the problem with the water falling out of it like others have had . It 's been quite windy around here for about a week now and there is no evidence of this leaking at all .
 I was so happy when I found this feeder on Amazon . My old one , which I 'd had for several years , had cracked and I could n't find a replacement anywhere . I tried a glass one and found my orioles did n't come . So after checking Amazon - there they were . The big `` orange ball '' really attracts the orioles .
 This is the second oreole feeder exactly like the first . I have hummingbird feeders also but the oreoles perfer this one . I recommend this feeder for attracting oreoles-it works !
 After haviong tried many types of oriole feeders , this one is definitely the best on the market !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Bought the Orange feeder and we love it . We have had many visitors to this feeder since we 've put it up.As to leaking - If you look at the flowers where they insert into the feeder bottom . The part that inserts into the nectar resevoir looks similar to a beverage straw . Looking into the tube you will notice half of the end has a plastic half moon shape covering the end , the other half is open . Make sure the open part is pointed toward the top of the feeder . If the slit is n't pointed toward the top of the feeder , the nectar will pour out when a bird lands on the feeder.Also , I just received a call from the manufacturer . They provide excellent , friendly customer service . When I told her I figured out why it was leaking she was so happy .
 I have owned several of these particular feeders . They are a HUGE favorite with the young orioles especially , but also just about any other backyard bird that feeds on nectar . Every piece comes apart for super easy cleaning , increasing your enjoyment time . As manufacturers make things more complicated , it gets more difficult to find the simpler , better products . I was thrilled to find this feeder on Amazon at so reasonable a price . I recommend this feeder for anyone who does n't wish to spend all their time cleaning and maintaining their feeder . Simpler is Better !
 I got this feeder after my Audubon feeder broke . I like it a lot more . It held more nectar and did n't fill with water when it rained . The only downside is that it does n't have an ant guard . Also the flower ports have a little dam in them and the instructions did n't say what position to put them in . I did n't have any problem with leaking once I made sure the bottom was snapped on securely .
 This Bird feeder is very easy to fill and the bird are attracted to it . It hold alot of food so I do n't have to fill it as often when we have a lot of bird come around .
 I live this feeder the best of any I have seen . It is orange so you do n't have to put colored sugar water in it . Very nice .
 I am so glad to find this feeder again , my other got old and was leaking because the base cracked . To see the Orioles is worth the cost of it . Hope you all get one .
 I bought this exact same pump from Menards 8 years ago when we built our pond.This pump was never shut off except to clean the pond . It ran for 24 hours a day , 365 days a year , for 8 years until the bearings finally gave out . That is why I bought another one just like it . A excellent pump for the money . Thank you Little Giant for a wonderful well made product .
 I have used this pump from Little Giant before . The first one lasted about five years of continious use -LRB- 24/7 365 days -RRB- . I hope to get as much out of my new one .
 WONDERFUL pump . I previously had the pump just under this one . It was given to me by a friend who used it for two years ... we used the pump for an additional 3 years before it broke . BUT , the ONLY reason it went out was because during the night a storm hit , put a huge hole in liner , water ran out and pump ran dry . This pump is SO much better , the flow is EXCELLENT !!!!! Very , very , very worth the little extra cash . Strongly recommend !!
 This pump is well designed for its purpose as a waterfall pump . The second discharge is a great feature -LRB- I did n't need it but they supply a plug -RRB- . My installation has a 10 foot head , the waterfall looks great , power consumption low .
 Great procuct This was a replacement pump the other one we had broke after about 5 years and we are hopping this one will last about as long . We bought this one because of the amount of water it puts out . Great product for the price .
 Great Quality pump ! Exactly as advertised , and works like a charm . This is a great pump for small streams or waterfalls . Both Outlets are threaded and it comes with one thread-to-barb elbow joint , and a cap for the other outlet . I would Highly recommend this product .
 This is one fine pump for your waterfall , stream or both . I use both features in my pond and the delivered GPH is strong . The pump is to be recommended for it 's ability to perform .
 This was the exact pump that was in my waterfall . The old one lasted 5 years.It was great getting this pump delivered in 3 days ! Yes 3 days . All we had to do was replace the old pump with no problem and the waterfall is up and flowing as always ,
 Pump was delivered on time , as promised . Cost was fair and pump has good warranty . Amazon.com delivered again .
 We often have a terrible problems with slugs invading our garden . Since it 's flowers and not edibles , I am not so concerned about it 's toxicity . What I am concerned about is the slug depradations and this stuff works . I had hundreds of slugs attacking my flowers at night . This stuff put a stop to that in a hurry . The ones that remained died . The rest of them left for greener pastures .
 This part was ordered just prior to Sandy 's arrival on the East coast . It was shipped from their warehouse in eastern North Carolina 10/29 , arrived in my rural box in southern South Dakota on 10/31 ! Not only was the shipper prompt , the postal service more than timely , but the part put my house generator back in service after only three days interruption . The starter assembly fit better than Honda 's OEM part that had failed .
 Replacement Recoil Starter For Honda GX270 , GX240 works as well as the original . Excellent quality . Item was received on time as promised .
 I replaced my bulb and it would not light . The only thing left was the ballast seen here ... Unfortunately for the price of the light the ballast and the shipping I could have bought another complete unit ... but I would have had to install that and struggled through messing with the existing plumbing ... so I guess I am ahead in that aspect .
 I purchased this mat to protect my mahogany deck from ashes and sparks from my 26 '' Weber charcoal grill . It is a good weight , looks great , and does exactly what I want it to do . Love it .
 Length :
 TETRA HAS A GREAT WARENTY SERVICE JUST MAKE SURE YOU KEEP YOUR RECPIT EASY TO CLEAN AND REMBER THIS IS A BIOFILTER FOR GOOD BACTEREA NOT TO MECHANCALY REMOVE GREEN FROM THE WATER THE BEST RESULTS I HAVE HAD IN KEEPING THE WATER CLEAR IS BY PUTTING IN A UV FILTER AND THAT TOOK ABOUT TWO WEEKS TO COMPLETLY CLEAR THE WATER BUT IT HAS BEEN CLEAR ALL SEASON NOW I HAVE TWO PUMPS ONE FOR THE FILTER AND ONE FOR THE UV CLARIFIER FOR SAMLLER PONDS THIS IS THE ONLY WAY TO GO MINE IS APPROX 1500 GALLONS
 installed and works great . never any problems after using it for months . may order more just to keep in stock
 Had trouble finding a recoil starter for my Honda clone generator-Thunderbolt 5,500 watt.After much research found this is exactly the same thing . Works well . Got me running again !
 For me it was just the fix . I have a 9 HP world pro that starts hard , and would buck back and break the smaller recoil . This unit is larger in diameter and had to be adapted , but has worked perfectly so far .
 Bought this after the rope broke on my old one that was on my pressure washer for 9 yrs . After I ordered it I realized I could have just replaced the rope on my old one duh ! I was going to return it but figured the original was old and something else could break in the near future anyway so I just threw on the new one -LRB- very easy , 3 screws - 5 minutes -RRB- . Glad I did , I can start it in one pull now instead of two and it 's a lot easier and smoother than the old one .
 I bought a Chinese Honda clone -LRB- DEK -RRB- , and several parts were substandard . One of them was the starter , which disassembled itself in short order . This one has been working just fine , and fit easily . I had my 11 year old daughter install it , and she needed no help .
 This product was 20 dollars cheaper than the one from Northern Tool and it works excellent . Direct bolt on and go . Very well made also .
 I purchased the Two Person Jumbo Hammock to be used outside , slung in the shade of two trees . It has actually surpassed my expectations for such an inexpensive hammock . The quality is good , the workmanship is good , and it is both durable and comfortable . I would not hesitate to recommend this hammock to others .
 Wow , this is a great hammock for the price . It is very large and inviting . I was pleased that the cotton rope is so soft , and no knots to pinch you . I looked at several others online and in stores and this is the highest quality for such a good price . You will need to hang it a little higher than a single hammock , because it is so large .
 This is a nice hammock ! In fact , I could spend the day there . . the ropes are soft , yet strong , no knots , dries quickly when it got rained on.It comes with two 12 '' chains and two `` S '' hooks , so you will need a couple of screw hooks to hang this between trees . Shipping was speedy too , I ordered the hammock on a monday , and it arrived on wednesday .
 My wife and I took this hammock with us camping , and I will likely never go camping without it again . It 's very comfortable , even for two -LRB- and I 'm not a very small man -RRB- .
 Ewins has a bunch of hammocks on Amazon . This one is the classic rope hammock and it 's great . I love hammocks and this one built right . I also like their weave and quilt hammocks . They are just like the Pawley 's Island or Hatteras hammocks that cost an arm and a leg .
 Great product for the price . Soft , comfortable , and can accomodate two small to medium sized adults . Tension had to be adjusted after a short period , possible to humidity or just breaking in the new weave . So far it 's proven to be a good quality product .
 I had this hammock out of the package and set up in minutes . The cords are nice soft cotton and nicely woven and the gaps are comfortably spaced . The spacer is of decent quality and I expect to get a good number of years out of this product .
 Ca n't beat this for the price . I got a hammock last year for Mom 's day and a month later it got eaten by squirrels . My sweetie paid over $ 100 for that hammock . I bought this one to replace it and it is just as good as the original one we had , but at a much lower price . It is very , very big ! The weave is a little loose , but not so bad that you slip through it , just a little big in the weave :-RRB- The rope is soft and comfortable , not itchy at all . Well made and definitely worth more than what they are selling it for . Shipping was fast , I ordered on a Wednesday and received it on Saturday .
 Overall this is a great deal if you 're in the market for a hammock , but do n't have much money to spend on one.I did n't do much research when I bought this hammock because the price is impossible to beat , plus it 's been reviewed rather well . Before talking about the hammock I must say that shipping was incredibly fast ! We ordered on a Monday and received it that Thursday.Okay now the Hammock.First off , as a lot of reviewers have been saying - this thing is huge ! I mean HUGE ! This is the biggest hammock I 've ever seen ! This may be a problem for some -LRB- almost seems too big for a hammock stand , but I do n't own one so I ca n't say for sure if it is or not -RRB- , but I see it as a good thing . Both my wife and I fit very easily on this hammock . The rope material is pretty comfortable.Although the rope is pretty comfortable , right out of the box some of the it looked a bit frayed . I can see needing to repair a few strands of rope in the future . It 's nothing too terrible , but one strand of rope in particular does look a bit worn . We probably could have just sent the hammock back for a replacement , but we were so excited to have this up in our back yard that we elected not to do so.The weave is rather loose and the rope does tend to stretch out quite a bit . When I first tried this hammock I was a bit disappointed . I 'm a pretty big guy and I really sunk in , so much so that it was uncomfortable . My butt was sagging way down and my feet were way up high ! Not a comfortable position for a guy that could stand to lose a few lbs . Just as I was fighting my way out of the hammock , ready to give up I made a discovery . It is actually much more comfortable if you lay in this hammock width-wise instead of length-wise . This thing is so wide that I could easily lay width-wise very comfortably - and I 'm pretty tall -LRB- 6 ' 1 -RRB- By doing this I was much more horizontal and the rope seemed much more comfortable in this position . I quickly ran in the house , grabbed a few cold ones and spent about an hour enjoying the evening.Even with the few problems , I still believe this hammock deserves 4 stars . For being one of the cheapest hammocks I could find it 's actually rather comfortable -LRB- just remember to try laying wide-wise -RRB- .
 nice hammock - I was afraid the rope type would be uncomfortable , but it is not . The only thing no one talks about is how much these hammocks stretch . This one has stretched about 15 to 20 ins. , so keep that in mind if you are setting a post in concrete for 1 or both sides . Ray and Carol
 A little piece of Paridise that is in our new England back yard and has made it through the seasons .
 This hammock is truly an enjoyable item . It is attractive and does hold two people comfortably . My daughter even added a Golden Retriever to the mix ! Appears to be very sturdy ; however , we do take it down and store it in it 's plastic case in rainy weather and/or when we are not planning to use it for a while .
 i was scared . too cheap , ya know ? thinking that i would get what i paid for . WRONG ! these cost almost nothing and they ARE JUST AS GOOD AS MY BOSS 'S HE PAID $ 100.00 FOR!seriously , get em . they are huge , durable , good looking , PERFECT hammocks . really , i was blown away . i was so sure they would suck and it not the case . just buy it . if you hate it , ill buy it from you .
 This was such a great hammock , for its price . The shipping cost was a bit high but still the hammock was great . Lowest price I found anywhere .
 Replaced an old hammock with this new hammock . Was overall pleased with the product . Was shipped and delivered within the suggested time frame . Materiel that the hammock was made of streched a little more than expected . Our old hammock was made of more of a rope type materiel and seemed a little more heavy duty but it also costed $ 90.00 . Overall a good value for the money .
 Arrived from the seller as promised . Totally a great hammock for the price . As good or better than the hammocks I priced out at Paddock Pool and Patio for over $ 100.00 . The wood spreaders were good quality , the Poly/Cotton rope is soft and well made . No complaints.Be aware that this is a big hammock . It held me and my two daughters without any problems . It 's so big it would n't fit between the trees I had my last hammock on so I had to pick a new spot .
 Very pleased with this hammock . Great price and good quality . Easily holds two people . Priced other hammocks and this is a great buy .
 This Hammock is awesome for the price . Purchase this item for my husband for Fathers Day . My husband is 6 foot 2 inches and weights around 195 . He loves it . Our two little boys -LRB- 3 and 5 -RRB- also love being in the hammock with their daddy . It 's very comfortable . It 's great !!!
 Although the hammock arrived with the end of the box broken courtesy of the shipper , it was not damaged and installed without a problem . Comes with chain and `` S '' hooks , so all I had to do was screw eye-bolts in two trees and hang it up . It 's nice and wide and very comfy . Good buy since the others I found were more than twice the cost .
 Wow ! I read the reviews but did n't believe until I layed on it-This is sooo comfy and holds two of us-and the fairest price around-We love it so much we are ordering another as it is always the first seat taken in the yard .
 I was n't sure if this hammock would actually hold up to all the great reviews b/c the price is so low compared to all the others . I am glad I bought it . The quality is excellent . It is very soft against the skin . It is big enough to hold myself , my husband , and our children at once . It dries very quickly after a hard rain . I 've had it for a little over a week and it 's been used quite a bit already . So relaxing !
 This is an awesome and fits two big people easily ! We just love it !
 Very comfortable hammock , with nice roping . I bought this one to replace my old one , and it fits the old frame perfectly . It does fit two people , but not sure my frame supports that weight !
 Good quality . The cotton cording is nice and soft . The weave is close enough together that you 're not falling through like some hammocks I 've had .
 it fits my wife and i and the kids love it it dose come loose so you have to make sure the web stays tight other than that its awasome looks killer in the back yard . i fell asleep in it last night for 3 hours while playing on the labtop thats how comfertable it is .
 This is the best gift I 've ever given my husband . He is recently retired and it has turned into a prized possession ! Do you made any other products ?
 We bought this hammock in May of 2007 . It has withstood regular watering and the Arizona sun every day since it arrived . It has also held up against any abuse my family and I have thrown its way and we spend ALOT of time in the yard . We just saw the first rope snap so I 'm buying a second one . We very much enjoy this product .
 This is a great hammock that lives up to its decription . It assembled easily , supports the weight of 2 people easily and so far resists the weather nicely .
 I was skeptical because of the price . I did n't think it would be really durable if even useful . BUT , It has done well so far and my kids really like it and use it all the time . We do n't bring it in when it rains , so I do n't know how long it will last , but if it lasts the summer and part of next year , I would buy another because it is really comfortable .
 i love this weather station ; it has everything any one could think of always very imformative in my needs for the day a lot of nice bells and whistles would highly recommend this for anyone ;
 We bought this weather station after having problems with two other stations , the main problem being the outside temperature sensor not working . Since this unit does not have an outside sensor , we did not have any problems with it ... Overall we like the forecaster very much . Only wish we could make it more specific to where we live , we get weather warnings for the entire region and that it was wall mounted , takes up counter space in kitchen . Other than we are very happy with the 3 day forecaster through MSN and like the UV , moon phases , sunrise/sunset times , etc. .
 Make sure you check out to see if you get MSN in your area . Does n't work in Southeast Alaska sad to say ...
 excellent product . be aware , though , that the backlight does not stay on . wish it did . it stays on for about 15 seconds .
 I love the little weather station . I saw it at my aunt 's house one night . She 'd bought 4 or 5 of them as Christmas presents for my cousins , and one for herself . I thought it was a perfect present for my dad . He loves it.As for the service that the seller gave . It was great . It arrived a lot earlier than I thought it was going to . Only a little overpriced , but the fast shipping made up for it costing a little bit more . I 'm pretty sure it 's one of my dad 's favorite presents .
 Bright display , Easy to read . Neat features . Not always accurate in the region I am in -LRB- foothills of Mt. Rainier -RRB- . Satisfied with product .
 I bought the weather station as I love to keep up with wind , temperature , etc. , but ca n't afford an outside station , nor would it work as there are trees around the house . This weather station avoids those problems by receiving transmissions from the local airport weather station - in my case , about 8 miles away.One nice thing about it is that it is constantly updated -- temperature , wind speed , UV level , barometric pressure , etc. . Another nice thing is that it shows alerts by a different color -LRB- or flashing for severe -RRB- on the power light . Additionally , when alerts are in progress , they scroll across the top in a ticker tape.One downside is the `` dot matrix '' of the ticker tape -- it 's not the highest quality , although thoroughly readable . Another downside is the light -- it only stays on for about 8 sec , which for my slow eyes is n't enough to read the whole display . THERE IS A LOT OF DATA ON IT !! Would I buy it again ? Absolutely ! I put it in the kitchen and always use it . I highly recommend it !
 a little larger than other weather stations but does everything I want and then some .
 As indicated by others , it worked right out of the box . I 'm not enamored by the bright blue lights on the side that can not be turned off . I might cover them up but other than that , it works as advertised . It took less than a minute to sync up with the FM signal but that is probably because I am well within coverage range.I hope the FM signal continues past 2010 . If not , hopefully there will be many users who will send emails asking for the signal to continue . -- EDIT -- Well , its been 13 months later and my weather station is still going strong . It has lost its signal only 2 times over the past year and that 's probably due to a transmitter issue I presume . The annoying blue lights were covered up with electrical tape and I can barely notice them now . --------- Another Edit ------------- You CAN turn off the lights on the side . Press and HOLD the snooze/light button in the front and it will turn the side lights off . Press and hold it again and the lights will turn on . It 's April 2011 and my weather station is still going strong . ---------- And a FINAL edit . -------------- What a shame the MSN signal was turned off at the beginning of 2012 . I now have a great tool that currently serves a better purpose as a paper-weight since it can not pick up any signal hence it completely useless .
 I bought this unit because I am very interested in the field of meteorology . It has absolutely everything you could want to know about the forecast . I no longer have to wait for the local forecast on TV . It is very accurate -LRB- as I have compared it to the local forecast when I first got it -RRB- . The unit is very modern looking with the LED light in the screen and the stainless steel side panels . The display is very clear and easy to read . At first the display seems a little confusing but after 5 minutes of looking at the manual I could use every control and every feature . As long as you get the MSN signal in your area it is worth every penny . Forecast at you fingertips !
 I would like to thank you , I was afraid to order this , because I thought it would n't work , it might not be new . BUT I WAS WRONG !!! It was just like you said , new and never opened . I love it . I glad I bought it . And your service was very quick . Thnks . JeanneI would order from you again a five star >> >> >> >
 I was worried at first that I would have some problem with this , especially with the MSN signal , but it could n't have worked better!I opened the box , set it up and within 5 minutes it had a signal and was working perfectly . I am in a low fringe area of the MSN network here and I was worried reception would be a problem but I can even pick up the signal deep in the house.My wife isnt too keen on high-tech gizmos but she loves this weatherstation . She just has to look at it , never has to press a button unless she wants toI would recommend and will probably buy another for my office .
 This is a great weather station to determine if you will leave the windows open at night or use the AC . I check it before bed and I know what I am going to wear in the morning . I would buy it again.Things I like : - Timex indiglo style backlighting . Much easier to read than those without it.-Nice design . It sits out on my night stand and I did n't want anything too industrial looking.-Fairly accurate weather predictions in my area.-No problems receiving the MSN signals.-LED changes color and blinks when a storm advisory is in effect . This is more handy than I expected it would be.-Easy to setup.-Well built.Things I do n't like : - No way to silence the beeping when pressing buttons.-Very loud alarm . At the quitest setting , it is much too loud to be used as an alarm clock.-Has some bells and whistles that are more for show than usefulness.-Fairly large unit . It 's almost as wide as my laptop.-Have to toggle between indoor and outdoor temp settings . They are not both on the screen at once.-Too many weather forecast icons.-User interface could be better , but it is not too bad.-Weather report scroll bar runs too slow horizontally and is difficult to read.I also have the weather channel model #WS -9043 TWC made by lacrosse . I prefer the Oregon because of the forecasting feature . Of course , you can get the same info from online or tv as well .
 HARDWAREThe WMS801 is a one-piece unit that comes with a FM antenna and AC power supply . There are no sensors to place outside of your home to measure temperature , humidity , rainfall , etc. . However , since there are no sensors , the unit downloads all of this information from digital FM broadcasts via the MSN Direct network . These digital broadcasts are hidden among radio channels and provide all the local weather info your WMS801 needs , and it updates several times an hour . The information comes from the same MSN weather service that you can access on the web . But in order to get this FM information , you need to first goto the MSN direct webpage and see if there actually is an FM signal in your neighborhood . Most decent sized cities have it -LRB- it works in Chicago and Madison , WI -RRB- . The service is free with the purchase of this unit , but if you are not within the FM range of MSN Direct , then DO NOT purchase this unit.The unit also comes with a built-in sensor to measure your indoor temperature and humidity , and comes with a clock that sets itself automatically . All of the buttons on the edges of the device are easy to hit and make sense . You access the different features of the WMS801 much like it was a watch . Hit the `` mode '' button to access the different categories and then hit the `` select '' button to cycle through the items within that category . Relatively simple.SCREENThe screen is a standard LED type with a nice indigo blue background light you can turn on in the dark . It 's highly visible and the font sizes are large enough that you can see it from a reasonable distance -LRB- about 0-9 feet -RRB- . The one downside is that you can not display both the indoor and outdoor temperatures at the same time . It only takes one button press , but still , it would have been nice to see both temps simultaneously.WEATHER INFOThe WMS801 has everything you need about the outdoor weather
 My husband bought this gadget and I thought why in the world do we need it when we can check the weather channel or the interent . Well , I quickly came to know why he got it . It 's just a cool thing to have and looks very nice . It tells you the temperature , shows you the little cloud/sun , goes through the entire day easily by just pushing one button . I actually like it and my son runs up to it every morning to see if it 's going to rain . Also , the blue light goes off after a while and wo n't light up the room all night long . You just push the black base at the bottom and it comes right back on . There has only been one problem and that 's why I gave it four out of five stars . We took it to my parents house -LRB- they live on a lake -RRB- and it could not find a signal . So , if you live in the middle of nowhere it might not work . Otherwise , this is a cool weather station .
 I ordered this for my Rupp Mini Bike . Works good , not as well as the original . Coil spring could be tighter .
 It is a bit more flimsy than I was hoping it will be . Time will tell how well it holds up in the weather .
 It took a while to get it to fit over the heat reflector dish on the top but when it did I was happy with it . Its burly and has a felt lining .
 First year using it , but easy to put on and great protection . For the price , very pleased with the quality .
 The fit was good just a little long on unit , I wrap a bungee cord around it so it would drag
 Works well but hard to zip open and closed each use . I am glad I bought it though for the protection .
 It is absolutely wonderful ? I love the fact it is protected from the weather . I live where it snows so it is important that it is protected .
 It does fit well after a little effort and does a good job protecting the heater . You do need a few minutes to put it on but it gets a little easier with practice .
 I have read a few reviews on this cover . The negative I see is that it is hard to put on and take off . that probably depends on your height . - at 6 ' 4 I do not have that problem at all.the material is thicker then I though ti would be -LRB- which is a good thing -RRB- , and the zipper is strong . The true test will be how it handles the arizona sun this summer , but so far it is perfect .
 Cover is just as described . Works great ! And it is attractive . Protects heater -LRB- which is what it is meant to do ! -RRB- very well . Soft inner lining protects metal heater and thick protective outer layer keeps the elements out.Read other reviews where there are complaints about it being hard to reach that high to put it on and that with the cover on , the wind now blows the heater over -LRB- duh ! -RRB- . One should know what the height of their heater is before buying a cover . The cover is not the responsible for the height of the heater . Furthermore , if the cover allowed the wind to pass through it , it would not do as great a job protecting the heater , now would it ? This is a good product regardless of the naysayers .
 Other reviewers complain about how hard it is to put this cover on and off . I agree , but I do n't think it 's the cover manufacturer 's fault . The heater shape is what makes it hard . Once the cover is on , it 's a good fit .
 Great quality ! We use it all the time and it is well made and easy to put on the heater .
 The heater covers fit perfect , the covers are made extremely well . The quality of the covers are a definite recommendation to all ! The cover was easy to install on the heater by myself .
 The cover has a zipper that goes down one side , making it somewhat possible for one person to put this on , if you stand on a chair . My husband and I did it together .
 This is a great cover . It is a bit tricky to get it over the &#34; hood &#34; , but after finally standing on a stool , I was able to slip it over with no problem . The cover stays on very well . I live in the NE and we did have a very windy day . We brought the heater inside because the wind would have blown the heater over . The cover appears to stay on very securely . However for security sake my husband has put a &#34; bungey &#34; cord around the heater/cover to ensure all stays in place . I would recommend this heater cover , it is very thick and well made .
 Works great , fits perfectly on the patio heater and was easy to setup and install . I recommend this cover absolutely .
 The cover is good quality and has worn well so far for a couple months . The only problem is the fitted circular top can be a pain to get around the reflector as it fits fairly snugly . With a little practice I 've become better at it . Cover length is good , it covers the wheels also .
 Putting the cover on required me to use a kitchen step ladder . It went on easily otherwise . I had absolutely no problems putting it on alone . Although some have said it is a `` two person job '' , I did n't need a second person to help - just the kitchen ladder.An earlier review mentioned that the cover acts like a sail in high winds , turning the patio heater over . So I have used small bungee cords to loosely wrap the cover around the patio heater to eliminate that possible effect . It has since stood up to brisk wind with no problems.The loose excessive fabric was also a major visual obstacle . The bungee cords solved that.The cover seems to be very high quality . I have had no problems with it .
 We have 25 patio heaters including 4 different models . These covers fit all models which is a definite plus . The covers will protect them from rusting during the months we store them . A great bargain !
 This item is very durable for the price . I use it in my screened porch at the pool to cover the heater so the porch can really be used all year round .
 I love this heater cover . It looks and fits perfect , but difficult to get on . It is definitely a two person job , but worth every dollar .
 the heater cover arrived quickly and was exactly what we wanted . . it fit well and was easy to put on . . we are totally satisfied
 The cover fits nicely over my heater , and was not as hard to put on as others described -LRB- I stand on my patio furniture to do so -RRB- . The sun seems to warp the outside material a little bit , but it still works great . I does not leak so far -LRB- 6 months and counting -RRB- .
 This is a nice patio heater cover . Installs easily and fits perfectly . A wobbly metal pole that required assembly came with the cover , however there were no instructions included to indicate use . I assumed it was to assist in installing the cover , which was n't must help . If that is the purpose , then I recommend a stronger pole .
 This cover was not designed for my heater but the dimensions looked pretty close . I ordered this because reviews said the material and construction was good . It turns out to be very good for the cost and I am pleased I bought it . I stored the heater alongside the house for the summer and we will see . But all in all a good value for the money , if the size works for you .
 I ordered this cover for a new patio heater I bought for our outside living area . The delivery was quick and uneventful -LRB- Good Thing -RRB- ! I installed it needing a little `` Step Up '' help since it is a little difficult to get the top portion around the heater reflector dishes . It fit perfectly and the zipper worked without getting caught . It seems to keep the wet elements off the heater , but did not help out with the wind as a pretty strong windstorm knocked down the heater on it 's side , kind of denting the reflector dishes , but the good thing was the cover did not get cut , so it held up . I would purchase it again for another heater . Good Quality and shipping was as expected .
 This is a replacement for a cover we had used for 2 years . This has now gone through a winter of much rain and several snow days - unusual for Western Washington . It works great , does n't allow wind to get in and start to tip . Very pleased with it . Strong material as well .
 Need a ladder to get it on , but the cover is a great addition to the heater . Would recommend for the money .
 Patio Heater Cover is exactly what we wanted ... Quality material / so easy to apply / perfect for our need to properly care for the heater itself . Thanks , Sue
 This cover fits perfectly with the Fire Sense outdoor heater I bought . It is well made and protects the heater from any elements it may encounter . I am very happy with my purchase !
 The cover is well made , uses quality material , and fits our Fire Sense Patio Heater perfectly . That 's great.What 's not great is that the manufacturer included a rigid rod support for the zippered panel that was n't fully threaded , meaning that I could n't assemble it . I tried calling the phone # on the package -LRB- 800-766-9633 -RRB- , but got a recorded message telling me to call another number before 6PM EST. . It was just after 3 PM PST ; lame . I then tried using the `` Contact Us '' form on their website -LSB- ... -RSB- , but got a `` too long '' message when I tried to submit even though I only wrote a few sentences . Double lame . So I submitted my parts query via email to the sales dept , which was the only direct email address listed on the site . Hopefully sales passes my email onto customer service.This is n't Big Trama , but it is enough of a bother to knock off two stars.UPDATE
 showed up in a timely manner and was as advertised . no problems with fit or finish .
 If you went to the trouble of purchasing a patio heater , you might as well get a cover . We have all seen those rusted heaters sitting in someone 's backyard . Why not spend a little and preserve your property?It is easy to assemble . You will probably need a step ladder or a chair . The first couple of times you don it on the heater , you might find it to be a bit difficult , but once you get the hang of it , it is fairly easy . It fits like a glove .
 This cover is of great quality and fits as if it was made for this heater . Somewhat difficult to get on due to the height of the heater but is worth the effort in the midwest to keep things from being exposed to the elements .
 This cover is exactly what we were looking for . We are very pleased . Thanks !
 The heater cover is exactly as advertised and exactly what we wanted . It is a quality cover and easy to put on and take off of the heater . Plus , it was about half the price of what we found in a local store .
 This is a really well made product . I actually bought it over a year ago so it has weathered several seasons . After snow and ice , falling branches and cascades of acorns , there is neither a tear or hole . Even after the several times our heater blew over , this cover did not damage .
 Item arrived on schedule and packed well . However it was missing one piece . Called customer service . They sent me another complete cover kit and told me to keep the original as a spare . Fantastic !!!
 I bought this a year ago and have never had just the perfect place to put it . I found it last week . I mounted it to the arch in my arbor to welcome my company to my home . I found that it can be drilled if you take your time . I drilled a hole just above and below the bird in the bottom corner of the triangles . I put washers under the screw heads on the front and already they are patina -LRB- ing -RRB- down to the color of the plaque . Love the saying on the back . Means so much .
 I loved this item . It would have been better in real stone through .
 My mower came with a very small seat , to small for an adult male . My hips prevented me from getting far enough into it to reach the back rest . The Arnold seat is wider and has a nice high back rest . It solved My sore back problem . The universal mounting aforded two bolt anchors places for installing the seat which is plenty on My mower . It 's well made Hi quality replacement seat .
 I 'm very satisfied with the product that I purchased and the delivery and service of that product . I would highly recommend this seller .
 This doormat is working out really well . It is large enough for a single front door . It does not hold water -LRB- my personal number one crtiteria -RRB- , it does not hurt to step on barefoot on the way to the morning paper . It does not however catch every stray leaf attached to a shoe so if total cleaning functionality is your goal maybe not this one . Looks very nice and is heavy -LRB- no blowing away -RRB- .
 Good heavyweight mat , very beautiful , easy to clean , looks great . From a distance it gives the appearance of wrought iron and goes bautifully with our fence . One shortcoming though . I would not use this in the home of anyone who has problems with mobility , such as the elderly , as it is a thick mat and the openings in the design might cause them to trip . Other than that a super product and well worth the money .
 Love the telescoping handle , and the net is large enough for big fish . I use this to help clean up my backyard koi pond . Far superior to the last one I had . If you need a heavy duty , large size net , this is the one to buy .
 Tough Tex flags are Very High Quality . the best I have seen ! the stars really stand out in the blue field , again the best I have seen . -LRB- on an outdoor Flag -RRB- ...
 This is a tough well made flag . Unlike most flags that are made out of Nylon this one is made out of DuPont Polyester called `` Tough Tex '' so it looks a lot like the traditional Cotton flags but it will last a very very long time . All the Stars are embroidered so the really stand out . The Stripes are individually sewn and it has triple stitching on the ends . If you want USA quality buy this flag .
 I purchased these gloves to replace a pair that I had used for many years . The gloves are well constructed and provide good protection .
 It 's at entrance of my deck area for my yacht and gets many laughs . That 's about it , have nothing further to say
 I was very pleased with both how soon I received the item , and the item itself . I look forward to doing business with this company again .
 We had such a hard time finding a cover for our large grill . This cover not only fit , it is also very nicely made . Even better than the original cover that came with the grill !
 I loved the cover . Looks great and is made very durable . This was the only one I could find in the size I needed and the only place I could find it .
 This is a great grill cover . It 's a great fit for an over sized BBQ . It 's really well made and looks good on the patio .
 Got this in the usual 2 days via my Amazon Prime account . I had been searching for a sturdy well-made grill cover for my 48 '' permanent post-mount gas grill . This fit the bill extremely well . It is made of a very heavy lined material . There are long and wide Velcro straps that allow me to wrap around the post . The only thing for me is to see how fade resistant it is going to be .
 The quality of the fabric is as described , and the print is pretty.The only problem is that they used single stitching , so quite a bit of water will get through . Since I sew , I 'm going to add another row of stitching to make the seams more waterproof . My old grill cover used two rows of stiching , and that seemed to keep the grill dry.Overall , it was more important to me to have a pretty cover , instead of a big black eye sore on my deck , so the extra work is worth it .
 Great grill cover - it was even better than I thought it would be ... roomy , bright , sturdy , fun !
 Super fast delivery ! Item exactly as described ! If you love chili peppers this item is a must ! Thanks !
 Finally , I found an attractive BBQ Cover at a good price . It 's such a nice change from the usual dull black that is so commonly sold . This Two Dogs cover is a nice rich brown that , after over two months in the Southern California sun , has not faded at all.Well made with Velcro tabs on the bottom to keep the wind from blowing it off .
 Good quality grill cover-definitely made of a sturdy material , love the fact that it covers the grill completely . However , I 've had the cover for approximately 8-9 months now , and it 's starting to fade a bit ; considering the description says it has an `` exclusive color infusion process that prevents fading '' , I was somewhat surprised . Nonetheless , I 'm not too concern , my goal was to protect the grill from rain , dust , etc. , and it 's doing its job.Two Dogs Designs 72-Inch Extra-Long Grill Cover , Chocolate Brown
 I bought a HUGE BBQ & needed a ` huge ' cover . This one is it ! Great design to fit perfectly so easy to get on & off . -LRB- Before I would let my poor ` ol BBQ just sit in the weather cuz it was such a hassle to put the cover on . -RRB- Very heavy canvas material , & so far no issues with color fading like I read in other reviews . I love it & recommend it highly !!
 Perfect for our grill ! Slips on and off with great ease and secures nicely with velco straps . Looks good too !
 Very happy with this purchase . The cover is very well made of strong canvas . The fit is perfect and , best of all ... It 's not just the typical ugly black !
 I think it 's made of a good material and does the job very well . It 's a good buy for the price .
 This is the best grill cover I have seen . It is heavy duty and has a fabric look . Very impressed by how easy it is to put on . We have had it a few months and if it is as tough as it seems to be I certainly would buy it again . Little pricey but worth it .
 Beautiful , adds really great color to the deck . We wanted waterproof , not flimsy black plastic , and this cover is not only waterproof , but really great looking , and fits great .
 As I could n't find a good quality grill cover at the local stores I began searching the internet -- and how cool is this sunflower grill cover ??? It is great quality and great looking on the patio -- I ca n't wait to see what else this company offers -- love it !!!!!!!!!!!!
 We have had this about two months now and are pretty satisfied with it as opposed to the Weber grill cover we were contemplating buying . It was vinyl , this is double stitched cloth/canvas with a vinyl lining . Looks real sharp . Our only complaint is that we were advised by Two Dogs -LRB- reminds me of an old joke ... -RRB- to get the 53 '' long model for our Weber Spirit but it is several inches too long and drags on the ground . Eventually , it got caught in the cart 's wheels and was accidentally torn by a laborer who moved it to work on our patio . We replaced it with a 53 '' regular and the fit was perfect -LRB- 5-6 '' off the ground -RRB- although the price was around $ 20 more , for whatever reason . Oh , the color choices are a bonus !
 I bought this grill cover for the new grill I bought from Lowe 's . After checking the measurements on the new propane grill it was time to shop online for a durable grill cover since Home Depot and Lowe 's had cheap material covers at the stores for a hefty price.This cover was easy to go over the grill and with wth front and rear velcro straps it fit tight around the grill bottom for those high wind days of Winter in Northeast N.Y.
 December 28 , 2010 - It fits perfectly . My grill is exactly 53 inches -LRB- measured at side burner/wing -RRB- , by 26 -LRB- at fattest depth -RRB- , by 45 inches tall . It is a $ 200 Kenmore 4-burner gas grill with additional side burner on left , and shelf on right -LRB- Sears Item # 07116128000 | Model # 464220110 -RRB- . October 5 , 2012 - I still like the cover , but it is no longer `` chocolate '' especially on top . Most of the fading was in the first season . I like the color better than black either way , but next time , I 'll get something lighter to start with , then at least it would look more uniform when it fades . Still in great shape , it is durable canvas , and I expect a few more seasons out of it .
 I bought this on sale thru Amazon for $ 23.00 . This cover appears to be made of extremely high qulity materials and is very roomy . The velcro tabs at the bottom on the sides is very useul to cinch the cover tighter against the grill for added protection . I have received a huge number of comments on the cover - some good and others not so much - but I LOVE that the cover has a presence and is not the typical boring black or beige so no matter what people say , I could n't be happier !!
 it arrived on time and fit perfectly . it is wonderful for the flamingo lover !
 I bought this cover to fit my slightly odd-sized barbeque grill , and it fits perfectly and is made of very heavy vinyl . There are also convenient velcro straps near the bottom of the cover that ensures an even better custom fit . The color is nice and blends in to my dark red brick house .
 This is my second item from this vendor ; first lasted 5 yrs outdoors in a corrosive seacoast environment . This one looks even better made and slightly roomier than the first . Smart looking , tough , sized as advertised and very fair price . I would recommend to anyone .
 I have tried a few grill covers and this one stands out as the best so far . It does a great job with a nice colored layer on the outside and a rubber waterproof layer inside .
 This is a great planter for planting water plants in small ponds and fountains . Keeps the silt in and easy to shape to fit tight places .
 I was very pleased with this purchase . This patio cover is very easy to assemble as it uses lock-buttons built into the frame , not screws or nuts/bolts . I had the entire frame assembled w/o any help in about 30 minutes . The installation of top cover , insect screens and privacy curtains took another 20 minutes . It seems very well built and I 've already rec 'd several neighbor 's compliments . Sportman 's delivered it quickly and on-time . I found a identical version at Walmart for $ 100 less , but it must have had hundreds of screws in it and did not include privacy curtains . It 's perfect for a protected patio . It does come with wimpy stakes to secure it on dirt/grass , but I doubt it would keep high winds from turning this into a `` flying pagoda '' ; - -RRB-
 I 'm sorry the last two reviewers had a bad experience with their Cal Flame 5 burner grill , however , I bought this same grill and am having the time of my life with my family and the amazing BBQ experience I 'm getting with this grill . I ordered my grill from living -LSB- ... -RSB- and yes , it did take about five weeks to arrive . Well beyond my idea of `` three to four weeks '' they listed on their web site . But , after it arrived , it was complete and ready to be installed . They even changed out the burners to accept natural gas rather than propane . After already reading these past two reviews , I was very nervous , but , to my happy surprise , the grill fired up just fine . All five burners , and both infra red burners threw out tons of heat . The fan really does a great job circulating the hot air . I have n't used the rotisserie yet so I ca n't comment on that , but I have hooked it up and it seems to also be working as described . So , in short , I love this grill . I 'm now the envy of my block and there 's party in our backyard every weekend ! Thank you Cal Flame .
 When I moved to Minnesota I bought an $ 800 snow blower . I used it some the first winter . I did n't like the snow blowing back in my face , and the loud noise in the quiet of an early morning with the fresh fallen snow . Before the second winter , I remembered how the residents of Upper Michigan -LRB- `` Yoopers '' -RRB- used to clear their driveways with these `` Yooper Scoopers '' . I ordered one from Silver Bear . Since then , over 10 winters I have used it almost exclusively , and usually start the snow blower once in the early winter just to keep it in running order . I would n't live in an area with snow , without a Yooper Scooper .
 I needed a tool better than a standard snow shovel to clear my large parking area and long driveway . I did n't want a snow blower because they sit 6 + months of the year -LRB- even in lower Michigan -RRB- . Well , this is IT ! I can clear my driveway and parking area in under 20 minutes . Make it a total of a half hour and my sidewalks are done , too!In addition , because I never have to LIFT any snow , my back does n't hurt when I 'm through.I 'd rate the scoop with more than 5 stars if I could . It 's simple , reasonable in cost , and works even BETTER than the company 's website claims is does !!
 a great tool for those of us moving endless amounts of snow . Should last a lifetime . way better than foreign made disposeable junk found at your local mega mart .
 As good as the originals . Used this item on my John Deere mower deck and have had no problems . The installation is easy . The item is reliable and wears reasonably .
 This was a great purchase . The cover is large and well constructed . We bought it for an oval-shaped custom made wooden picnic table and it works perfectly - covers the whole thing from top to bottom . I was expecting something much thinner , but I believe this should last for many years .
 I have been very happy with my purchase , it fit my large table and survived through a very high wind storm that broke the straps on my hot tub cover but my table cover was still there in the morning !
 I ordered this cover for my table and chairs to replace an old one . I was so impressed with this cover and the quality of how it was made and how it fit that I ordered two different covers for the rest of my patio furniture . They were great also.Well worth the price .
 I just covered my oval patio table and six chairs this weekend . Product seems very nice and materials seem strong . We 'll see how it holds up against a NJ winter .
 I made this set for Christmas 2008 and it was a great project . I started it in November and it took a few nights of work , and took over half my garage for a few weeks . This year -LRB- 2009 -RRB- I just put another coat of paint on it it looked great . The instructions are easy enough to follow . You will need to spread out and have space to work . During the day this looks real nice and with lighting at night it really stands out .
 I have had the previous model -LRB- TB25CS -RRB- for about 5 years now . The new model looks the same to me . You got to use fresh gas these days . Drain the gas out of the tank if you put the trimmer away for the season.After filling with fresh fuel/oil mixPump the primer button 10X . Put the choke on.Pull start.If it does not start try putting a little throttle . -LRB- Be sure the choke does not reset -RRB- Only apply a little throttle after it starts.Gradually increase the throttle until the choke resets . -LRB- If it dies try again with less throtle for a minute or two -RRB- Very slowly increase engine speed.Until the engine is hot , increase revs slowly.Arm fatigue can be reduced by adjusting the forward grip . Take the tool with you and try several positions when trimming .
 I purchased this troy-Built TB20CS trimmer after my Toro brand finally gave up . I am very pleased with this new trimmer . Started up right out of the box on the second pull and on the first pull after it was hot . Very light to use -LRB- for me -RRB- for long trim work . I no longer have the problem of my arm touching a HOT surface as this unit is better designed to keep the hot areas away from contact . I am very happy with this trimmer and the price I paid with free shipping through Amazon .
 Pleased with the quick delivery . This trimmer is more powerful than my old Ryobi . It was easy to assemble to get started at wacking the weeds .
 After two weeks of reading reviews , talking to friends , checking consumer reports , and comparing many different units , I finally decided on the Troy-bilt TB20CS . I bought it from Lowes for $ 98.99 . When I got home , I put it together . Took about 10 minutes . I put gas into it and read the fairly easy starting instructions . It started right up . I took it behind the fence in my back yard and started chopping away . It works like a dream . Ten times better on the 3 foot high weeds , than my old electric trimmer . It 's a little heavier than my electric , but not too bad . Great power , good balance . It 's so well balanced , that sometimes I let go with my left hand and just held it with one hand . I told my wife I should have bought one of these ten years ago . All I can say is `` I love it ! ''
 in short , easy assembly , starts right up , kicks grass all over feet ... other posters mentioned different rotation than most trimmers ... i do n't know . great for my 5 minute trim work every week .
 Due to the weight of the trimmer you will need to add a sling . That is why I will only give this item four stars . The line is used up very fast which requires constant loading of the spool . The trimmer is easy to start .
 If you are in the market for an entry level -LRB- $ 120 or less -RRB- gas powered string trimmer , the Troy Bilt TB20CS has to be at the top of your list.After much research , I chose this item over all the rest . My reasoning was as follows :1 -RRB- . The TB20CS receives the most 4 and 5 star ratings of any entry level trimmer , both here as well as other review web sites .2 -RRB- . It has a 31 CC engine , as opposed to 25 CC engines found on many of the competitive trimmers . That 's 22 % more power capacity .3 -RRB- . It uses .095 trimmer cord , which takes a heavier beating than the thinner cord in some of the competition .4 -RRB- . This baby has a clutch . Some of the competition does not bother with this , I prefer that my cutting line comes to a stop when I feather the throttle back to idle .5 -RRB- . I like the split shaft that allows me the option to use other tools .6 -RRB- . Standard dual line bump head spool provides twice the cutting action as some of the single line competitors .7 -RRB- . It includes the Speedlock fixed line spool for no added charge .8 -RRB- . Cost
 When my old trimmer finally wore out after 17 years of perfect service I decided to buy another one just like it rather than repair it . The old brand has changed and this is as close as I could get to my `` old friend . '' I could not be happier ! It is very similar to my old one but starts even easier . All of my old attachements fit it and work perfectly . I am very happy with this trimmer and would recommend it to everyone .
 I 've had this trimmer for about a 18 mos . now and have just purchased the edger attachment . I did so thinking that maybe the trimmer might die on me after a year . Because of the reliability I decided to plunk down the $ 70 dollars for the edger attachment and am even twice as pleased ! My El Toro lawn had about 5 years of edge growth . The trimmer had sort of a tough time initially but that was understandable . The lawn looks great now and I 'd recommend this trimmer to anyone looking for value and convenience . I 'd definitely purchase again !
 After looking at various gas powered trimmers all priced over a $ 100 , I was kind of hesitant considering the price , but overall it turned out to be a great product . A bonus is the edger which can be purchased as an attachment saving on the cost of buying a separate edger .
 Easy to assemble . Great for trimming along fences . Not as great for edging without an optional attachment . Good value for the price .
 We are clearing 10 acres in Texas . My wife , 2 sons and me.We bought 2 and so far so good . Heavy use every day . You clean the air filter at 10 hours . So we can have 1 down for maintenance and the other in operation . I have n't found any replacement air filters yet . A circular spongey looking thing ... if parts not available maybe it should be a 4 star . But she seems to chop the grass A-OK . I have replaced the orange cutter cord twice . At $ 60 each , I mean that is a very good deal !
 So , I happened across one of these at a yard sale -LRB- or garage sale , or tag sale , depending on where you live -RRB- for $ 40 . It looked damn near new , so after inspecting it , starting it and listening to it , I bought it . I find changing the line SUPER EASY using the snap lock style head , I can not comment on the bump head as it was not furnished . The motor is more than generous at 31cc 's , but BE WARNED ... GET YOUR GAS/OIL MIX RIGHT ! This is a 40:1 ratio trimmer , which means that for your standard 2.5 gallon gas can , the required amount of 2-cycle oil is 8 fluid ounces ... for a 1 gallon gas can the right mix is 3.2 fluid ounces ... for a 5 gallon gas can the right mix is 16 fluid ounces . ALSO you should use ONLY 93 octane gasoline , and nothing else of lower octane . Nice thick line on this unit plows through the toughest that I 've thrown at it , which in mid-Missouri on 9 acres is pretty tough . At $ 120 , I 'm a happy man ... at $ 40 -LRB- used -RRB- , I 'm ecstatic . No five stars because I could n't test the other trimmer head , which was n't included at the yard sale .
 Has been a great trimmer for me . Prime the bulb appropriately , use the correct choke settings , and it fires up . Been using it for 3 years now without any trouble .
 Had one of these previously . Lasted about 7 years . Carb went bad and was cheaper to buy new . New product seems ` cheaper ' , but so far , works fine . For the money , and the functionality , especially the ability to swivel the head and add other products , this is a great product - as long as it lasts .
 2 cycle engines are fickle by nature , and the bump-line-feed systems stink !!! -LRB- on any weed-wacker -RRB- Lots of folks give this unit a bad-rap . . Those same folks would give ANY brand of 2 cycle weed-eater with a bump-feed system a bad rap . If you know how to operate/start/run and maintain your equipment , then this machine works like any other weed-eater on the market . Mix your fuel properly , and use a fuel stabilizer in the winter -LRB- in your storage can , and in all of your gas-powered equipment - DUH !!! -RRB- . I really like the attachments on this unit -LRB- I have the edger and the blower -RRB- . They work really well -LRB- I removed the saftey guard from the edger and it works much better this way - FOR ME - disclaimer ! -RRB- Anyway , as side note , I removed the original bump-feed head from this unit and replaced it with a Shakespear head which all you do is precut your line lengths -LRB- at 12 inches or so -RRB- , and put 2 into the head using a press-button system . I use .0095 line with this set-up and it works very very good . I may go through 4 pieces of pre-cut line for my whole lawn -LRB- about 1/4 mile of total trimming - walks/edging/drive porch/fencing etc. -RRB- . I 've got $ 200 total into this trimmer with the attachments and they all work really well with it - especially the BLOWER . The edger works good if you figure out it 's sweet-spot for your intital edging -LRB- always the hardest/messiest chore -RRB- . Once you get the depth right , and get moving , the edger will never have to work as hard again . I use it once , or twice a year to re-create the nice trench edge along my grass-line . The rest of the time I use a trimmer to maintain/clean the edge.Don ' t believe the haters on this product ! Many of my neighbors have copied my same scheme and yours will too!Please thank me later ! PS - if you do n't use stabilizer , and do n't buy the Shakespeer Head then you too will suffer the problems which all 2 cycle owners suffer ... I got the trimmer , attachments , and the head at Lowes.Someday I may pick up the tiller attachment too . No need for the hedge trimmers yet.Fistful
 I 'm just ordered my second Troy-Bilt TB20CS because my previous one wore out after 10 + years of rough use . In ten years , it only required spark plugs . I have rheumatoid arthritis which makes it difficult to start trimmers . With spring assist starting , I have no problem and even my pre-teen grandkids can start the Troy-Bilt with ease . You pull the rope as slow as you wish and when it is all pulled out , the spring starts the engine . The 31cc engine runs the pole saw without effort and this is not true of some smaller trimmers . Some complain about having to mix gas and oil . How hard is that ? I do it about once per season
 Bought this product after rewiews on the consumer reports . Works well and I am pleased .
 I needed to replace my Ryobi 31CC trimmer with something similar . I like 2 cycle trimmers . This troy-Built accepts all attachements I have -LRB- Ryobi -RRB- . It has the power and is great for home use .
 After reading the many reviews , I seem to always be looking for the problems described there in . However , as usual , if you follow the directions the product will function as described . Easy start
 Its my first of the new Modular type Trimmers and it was easy to assemble and start . I also bought the Poulan Edger attachment as per the reviews and it also works well and is easy to assemble.I did n't realize that Lowes sells this trimmer for less until the day I went to get oil to mix with the fuel . ALso once i opened the box it already came with oil to mix with the fuel that would be enough for at least most if not all of a season for a home owner.You will notice that the trimmer is adequately powered even for the first time edging . Only slowing down at the worst spots , but it got through everything i showed it . I did have a back ache from all the bending over while edging but what are you going to do ? Otherwise the thing is designed smartly .
 I 'd neaver used a gas powered unit before so I was concerned about how I would put it together and get it started . With the illustated instructions at my side , it was a piece of cake . Just like 1,2,3 . . And I 'd wished I had more grass to cut . Its fun when things really work .
 After my 7 + year old ryobi gave up the ghost this summer I started my internet research to find it 's replacement -LRB- RIP -RRB- . I wanted a cheap reliable machine that could handle the job . This fits the bill . Like my ryobi it starts on the third start without exception , every time . I bought mine at lowes.com -LRB- model is 16810 at lowes -RRB- . I 've had it for a couple of months now and it 's great ! For the price , it 's a no brainer . I love it !
 I have had this item for about a month and it performs very well for my typical home use . It has enough power to trim grass easily and even takes down some pretty stout bushy weeds . The spring assist starting works great ; I had a McCullough trimmer that I had to wear gloves to start , and the Troy-Bilt starts right up if you just follow the directions . You are supposed to pump the fuel button and then give it 5 pulls with the choke closed and the throttle trigger squeezed . Then open the choke a notch and pull again with the trigger squeezed . When I do this it starts the first time , even with the old gas from the other defunct trimmer -LRB- the McCullough developed a bad magneto -RRB- . The unit is light weight but I would recommend getting a strap if you have a big yard . I would recommend this for anyone who plans to trim once a week . For commercial use it does not feel quite as strong as I would like it , but for home use I expect it to last for many years . You just have to remember to follow the right procedures for putting it up during the winter to keep it running reliably . Before putting it up empty the fuel tank and run it until it stops to prevent build-up of gum during long storage . I also use fuel stabilizer in the fuel in addition to the oil additive . These steps do a lot to make a two-cycle engine behave well .
 When I received this trimmer , the carburetor was out of adjustment . It would not rev up fully and did n't have that much power . The manual said if this happens to take it to a service house and have them adjust it . Well , that is 2 hours away and I work on small engines , so I did it myself . After I adjusted it , it works great . Starts on 2-3 pulls every time and has plenty of power . It has good balance and is light weight -LRB- at least for me -RRB- . I chop through the thickest brush with ease . The string is easy to change and has no problems feeding . I did purchase a shoulder strap for the wife . It 's a bit heavy for her.The only thing I would be leary of is the improperly adjusted carb . I suspect this could be the problem with the trimmers people are leaving poor feedback for .
 Ill preface this by saying this is the only trimmer I 've owned so it 's all I know . My dad has gone through many expensive ones and always ran into problems so I went the cheap route . This trimmer has worked great for me the three years I have owned it . Never once has it failed to start , and I 've never experienced a tangle like others apparently have . The first time I brought it out this year -LRB- year 3 -RRB- it did n't want to idle , but I could keep it running in the choke position and it worked fine . Has work normally ever since so I 'm guessing it was old gas . Only other issue is that the bump feed does n't always want to work as advertised . But I just cut it off for a second and extend the line with my hands . Quick and not much of a bother . I will say that if you are purchasing this unit so you can use an add on edger , I would n't waste your time . The edger attachment has been useless for me -LRB- or I 'm incapable of operating it correctly -RRB- . It just bounces along the ground and wo n't dig in . If you pay to have it edged and then just use the attachment to maintain you 'll have better luck .
 The product came on time and it fit what i needed it for . I use my power washer often and i have 1 of the most powerful models you can buy , it literally rips out large chunks of cement because it 's soo powerful and this hose has handled it beautifully so far and i 've had it for months already .
 These are great ! I bought a number of them and gave them as gifts . Everyone loves them . They cast a wonderful shower of rainbows into a room . I highly recommend this .
 I purchased this 40mm crystal ball along with several other styles to hang by my window to make rainbows on my wall . This particular crystal is very pretty to look at , and looks kind of sparkly when you walk around the room from all of the little cuts . It does have a little bit of weight to it , -LRB- 3 and 5/8 ounces -RRB- compared to a 76mm teardrop crystal -LRB- 3 and 1/8 ounces -RRB- , but that was n't much of a concern for what I needed the crystal for.As far as rainbows go , this crystal makes a ton of tiny rainbows on the wall . My children love to spin it and the rainbows spin so fast on the wall that they make what we call `` Saturn rings '' . If you want bigger rainbows on your walls then look for a crystal that has larger cuts in it . -LRB- This crystal :76 mm Teardrop Crystal Prisms # 873-76is the biggest crystal I ordered , and it makes bigger/better rainbows . It just is n't quite as pretty to look at as the ball crystal . -RRB- I plan on ordering more of these ball crystals because they are just so pretty and would make relatively inexpensive gifts.The crystals I ordered from Crystal Clear Images on Amazon all turned out great . The company is very good to work with . One crystal I received did n't match the picture on Amazon and I could have easily returned it , but I decided to keep it . My point is , I did n't have any issues with this company .
 I 've purchased seven prisms through Amazon and six different types . They 're all very good deals.The clear prisms create the strongest rainbows . Large facets result in the longest and thickest rainbows as well as the most vivid colors by far . The cut of this prism is to create more but smaller color splashes of moderate color strength . However , the round shape is very convenient because you do n't have to concern yourself with facing the prism a certain way to catch more rays.A good way to hang them is to use fishing line , which is quite inexpensive and not very noticeable.This large prism is very good and well-worth the price . However , a much better prism is this one :76 mm Teardrop Crystal Prisms # 873-76 .
 This crystal is more beautiful than the online picture . It catches the sun and makes colored rays all over the room . Very weighty and beautiful cuts .
 I put this on an east windowsill on top of a very small mirror . When the sun hits the window in the morning , I get rainbows all over the room . Unless it 's a rainy day , I wake up to rainbows every morning .
 I love these suncatchers , at this price they are wonderful gifts for friends and co workers ! They love to receive them as presents .
 There are alot of suncatchers on Amazon , and I 've probably looked at all of them , being a crystal lover . This is an amazing price , includes Amazon 's Free Shipping , was very well-packaged and quickly delivered . This is the perfect gift for anyone for almost any occasion . BEAUTIFUL !
 These suncatchers represent a good value , at least compared to my local retailers . These same crystals are priced in the $ 20 range , making these excellent buys.The crystals themselves are beautifully made and produce a dazzling array of rainbows , projecting them 15-20 feet.I 'll be buying some more !
 Wow , the sun just makes beautiful reflections all over the room ! The price is great and they make great gifts !
 I am extremely happy over this crystal sun catcher . It is of good quality and reflects beautifully . I would highly recommend this to my friends .
 LOVE , LOVE , LOVE this crystal ball prism !! Bought it to hang around my rearview mirror in my car ... . It is EXACTLY what I was looking for . Very classy and sparkley ... and it came a week early ! Thanks so much !
 The crystal is bright , large and eye catching , but so is the scratch on the side of it . It looks like the drill that pierced the hole for the string slipped down the side of the crystal . There was also fresh glass sprinkles on the crystal from where the hole had been drilled . I would have preferred a defective free item and I am glad I only ordered one . The price is right but I would have paid an extra fifty cents to a dollar for a better crafted item . I would have had an issue putting that in a box to send to my customer , but I guess they figure that it was cheap and the customer should know better.UPDATE : They did immediately send me another without cost and I received it within 2 days of complaint .
 I LOVE these ! they came quickly , they came securly wrapped and they are absolutly beautiful ! ... I will be ordering more !
 This is way bigger than I thought it would be . A very nice small gift for anyone . Even bought a couple of them in different colors for myself . So pretty . Like angels dancing around the room .
 Got this as a second crystal for a friend for christmas and this one came with string attached , nice , it 's pretty , but I still like the other green one I got better , lol , would still recommend this one too . Ca n't by the same thing for two people that know eachother which is why the two different ones .
 I bought about thirty suncatcher prisms to hang low from the ceiling in my living room and this one is the BEST i love it its beautifl and totally my favorite because of the mnay cuts in the glass it makes a dazzling display of nearly twenty rainbows sll on its own ! if youre looking for maximum shimmer-highly recommended
 I hung a few of these crystals in front of the stationary side of a atruim door in my dining room.Every morning my dining lights up with rainbows , it makes me smile . Even my husband likes them !
 Very pleased with purchase . Product was as described and received in a timely manner . Would do business with them again .
 This beautiful lead crystal sun catcher is a delightful addition in our kitchen window . It casts dozens of bright rainbows when the sun hits it . The shipping was quick and the price is much better than you 'd find in any brick and mortar store .
 Soo many rainbows ! I bought 3 of these and hung them all together in my window . I enjoy making them swirl in different directions for rainbows everywhere ! Would make a great present
 Love it in my small window . Throw great light around the room ...
 great price for these light refracting geodesic cut glass . loads of color float around the room when the sun hitshang from fish line
 I have been looking to buy these for so long , but everywhere I looked they were outrageously overpriced . I found them here for extremely cheap , and when they arrived I was pleased to see them safely packaged and completely gorgeous ! They arrived a few days after the estimated date , but it was completely overlooked by the wonderful arrival . Will certainly return for more ! : -RRB-
 Lots of pretty rainbows . You just have to make sure to hang it somewhere where the sun can directly hit it , of course !
 I ordered a variety of crystals , and they are all lovely . Of course I am delighted with the multi-rainbows of pure colors as light streams through .
 These swarovski crystals are soooo beautiful and they arrived way before schedule and they came from another country ! I ca n't wait to give them as presents ! Thank you !!!!!!
 I love the pretty colors this prism shows inside my car . I have it hanging on my rear view mirror . I had to shorten the string because it would swing too much . I bought another one for my sister . Just love the rainbow colors it displays .
 I was very happy with this crystal ball prism . I ordered another prism as well , and this one was a far better deal . It creates rainbows , it 's hefty , and ... yeah , I just like it . I think it could make a great gift for someone .
 I have had this saw 18 months . I use it to cut firewood in my back yard . I have cut hardwoods thicker that the 18 '' bar . Never gave me a bit of trouble . Goes through the chain oil quick , but I figure that 's good because is means the chain is staying wet . Chain oil is dirt cheap . Amazingly powerful .
 i was just looking around for a saw to cut some trees around my yard that had gotten to big for comfort and i came upon this fella . when it arrived i just took it out of the box , read the instructions ans was off to fell my first tree in a matter of hours . by the way , this was the first time i was using a chain saw , much less to be an expert at cutting trees.it worked like a dream . i could feel the power and effort being exerted by the saw and realized how much work this was saving me had i decided to use an axe or hand saw . soon i was saying ` tim -- berrrr ' thanks to the well written manual and efficient saw . i would have never expected an electric chain saw to be this good ... it really is ... perfect for all your round the house cutting needs ... the oiler works well and i was surprised that 1 quart of oil allowed me to fall and cut to pieces , 6 trees 12-15 feet tall and at least 9-11 inches thick.what i am also pleased with is the fact that i can start and stop the saw safely without any effort unlike a gas powered saw ... not forgetting the burden of the additional oil and gas to have it run ... i totally recommend this saw ... . i wish the blades never got dull though ... lol
 This is the 3rd chainsaw I bought and it is amazing . I had borrowed an electric Remington and it was a piece of junk . I bought an electric Ryobi and the first time I used it , the chain became undone . I exchanged it for a gas one and beside the noise and polution , it did n't cut well . After reviewing numerous chainsaws on Amazon and reading the reviews , I decided to try the Poulan Pro 400E and I am glad I did . True to what other reviewers have said , this is a GREAT chainsaw . We have a huge backyard with lots of mature trees and we have been trimming them and have cut a couple of dead ones down . This chainsaw is able to cut the longer and thicker pieces down to firewood size . The only problem I have found is after about 15 minutes of use , the cutting power is n't as it is when it is cold . Can it be overheated ? The chain DOES stay nice and wet , and you can tell because you can see the oil coming off it when you start the chainsaw . Overall , I recommend the Poulan Pro 400E . Great product .
 bought this for hubby - he loves it - works like a gas one , but no oil/gas to deal with - also , no worries about letting it sit for periods of time with no use . auto chain oil works great too .
 Owning a gas Saw before buying this one , I was n't expecting much performance.I WAS WRONG !! . This baby melts through 4 '' logs like butter.You can hear the power . It 's nice to be able to stop and go without hearing all the noise or breaking my back starting it over and over again .
 Poulan Pro 400E Ideal for felling small trees , cutting firewood and light cleanup A chainsaw that every household must have for day to day use . You gon na save a lot of bucks . Overall , this is a reasonably fast saw with good vibration isolation at the handles.Two thumbs up
 The power of this Poulan saw is awsome ! I am still doing battle with a huge tree that fell in my backyard ... -LRB- 30 '' in diameter -RRB- and the saw is kicking butt ! I really like the fact that you do n't have to mix fuel , and it makes the noise you 'd expect for a powerful electric tool . Good price excellent product , and it 's green ! I highly recommend the Poulan 400 E chain saw .
 I used my Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4.0 HP Electric Chain Saw on 6 Red tip trees about 3 stories tall , and a Maple Tree 60 inches round . I have to say , it earned my respect . At one point I accidentally hit a chain link fence and the chain link fence lost that battle . I have used this Chain Saw at so many angles including over my head , upwards , and even upside down . The power is there when you hold the trigger , the length is great , the weight and balance is great . If you have an extension cord and chain saw oil , you can go nonstop until you run out of wood to cut , or daylight . I am very pleased and happy I chose to purchase this chainsaw . You ca n't say enough good things about this one .
 Buying a chainsaw says something about a man . And buying a Poulan Pro 18 '' electric chainsaw says , `` Do n't talk to me about chainsaws . `` If you 're looking at the Poulan , you 're probably not already involved with chainsaw fundamentalism.Husqvarna and Stihl -LRB- heaven forbid Echo ? -RRB- jihadis will scoff at you , but they 'll clearly see you 're a neutral party in their holy war.At 4hp the saw has more than enough poop to tackle any cutting job . I 've been using it to cut firewood to length all winter , and could n't be more pleased with the saw 's performance at that task . It 's also serviced common yard cutting jobs wonderfully as well.You are tethered by an electric cord , but you wo n't be fooling with gas and oil mixtures , huffing exhaust , or going deaf in the process.It 's simply a good , lightweight , and well powered electric chainsaw .
 I debated on purchasing an electric chain saw because of power issues . After reveiwing other sites , the poulan pro 440E was rated highly by other users . We needed a chain saw to tidy up our wooded lot . The trees were about 12 inches in diameter . The poulan cut through the trees with ease and it was easy to handle and light . It was an excellent purchase and the best thing about the Poulan was it 's electric . No gas , no preparation required for storage , and it 's extremely light . I highly recommend this product . One word of caution , I only used it 3 times so I can not comment on the reliability of this product if it 's used for commercial purposes or if it 's used on a daily basis for a prolonged period of time . Good luck .
 i like this saw - very powerful but this is my 2nd one - the first one did not last too long -LRB- 2yrs -RRB-
 This saw worked great with no problems.Not time tested yet , but I see no reason this saw wo n't last years for yard maintenance .
 Very , very happy with it . Works as well as equivalent gas-powered models . Made short work of everything I cut . Word of caution
 I am very pleased with this electric chain saw . The power of the 4hp motor is quite impressive . I had labored with an older electric chain saw to cut through a log lying on my property . The Poulan made quick work of it .
 Cut down 7 medium size trees -LRB- 30 - 40 ft -RRB- , and then sawed them into pieces . Fast and trouble free -LRB- kind of fun -RRB- . Much less noise pollution than gas powered machines.Splitting the wood was NOT so much fun .
 Saw is for my husband , two of his brothers have chainsaws . One gas Sithe 14 '' , other is electric . They both were blown away by this saw , how well and easy it works . Dynamite product and price . Hubby is very happy .
 The saw was used by pro palm tree removal guys when they could not start their saw ! It worked great , making short work of an 80 ft palm cut down and removal . Also my neighbor used it to cut down two nasty mesquite trees in no time ! I highly recommend this saw .
 This saw worked well . I have about 5 trees to saw down . I started with a 36 '' maple tree . I had absolutely no experience with a chainsaws , but after reading the manual closely , I operated the saw without incident for the entirety of the tree.The only problem that I had was when the chain came off . This probably would n't have even happened if I had been more experienced.I would purchase the same saw again .
 After reading the Amazon reviews I bought the Poulan . Total satisfaction ! Already I 've used it to remove a 12 '' dia . stump , fell a leaning 12 '' + diameter tree , and cut down sundry branches , all with no problem . I also purchased the Granberg manual chain sharpener which also was great at resharpening the chain after I sawed through some dirt in removing the stump .
 I 'm not a lumberjack . I do n't cut 300 foot sitka spruce in an old growth forest . I have trees in a back yard , and this is perfect . Easy maintenance . Simple to adjust the chain and put it back on if it comes off . Drinks a decent amount of SAE 30 oil and keeps the chain spinning . My dad always used a Stihl gas saw , and this is just as effective , but zero effort to start after it 's been sitting around for 6 months . Worth getting yourself a portable GFI like this TRC 90265-6-012 Shockshield Yellow Portable GFCI Plug with Surge Protection if you do n't have a GFI on the outlet you 're plugging into . Also get yourself a black and decker alligator lopper . Makes limbing a snap . Great combo for routine yard work . Just dropped four dead trees today , and cut the stumps flush to the ground . The safety nut in my -LRB- i 'm a doctor -RRB- ca n't help but recommend the right protective gear , too . Husqvarna Forest Chaps can save your legs . Husqvarna 505675515 ProForest Chain Saw Helmet keeps the debris out of your face and can save your noodle . Chain saw injuries are ugly enough on other people . You do n't want one for yourself .
 For $ 90 , it 's an amazing deal . Really it is.But it 's still a crappy underpowered saw . No really , it 's not that powerful . I 've used 4hp gas chain saws , this thing does n't come anywhere near that kind of power . But then again a good 4hp gas saw costs FIVE times as much so really ca n't complain.With that said , it 's not 4hp , it wo n't cut fallen trees nearly as well as you may hope . It will go through enough oil in a cutting session that you 'll buy it in gallons . It 's poorly balanced , feels flimsy and is loud enough to require ear plugs.But hey , you can buy 5 of these for the price of a saw that would be noticeably better .
 Electric for the simple minded and unskilled children & other ladies . Boy , I need another beer I think I 'll get a real jolt in the rear from my wife if she reads this.Not as good in my opinion as my skill but it works well for those I described and others unable to figure out how to keep carburetors clean and adjusted to correct air/gas ratios.Then again , if I was asked to help the kids start the skill and the ballgames going ... I 'll just pass the electric to them and say have fun ... So , it does have it 's advantages and will cut wood , just not as good as the skill imo ... Also , oil drips out the electric and is always under mine when not used ... I 've never seen any leak on the gas skill .12.22.11 updateOld magnolia tree about 30 ft with trunk greater than the 18 inch blade at the half way up point of the tree was shortened in half with this saw.It was lighter weight than the gas still and the still was dropped some time ago and the gas tank has a leak when angled wrong.I climbed the tree with a ladder and roped a limb and brought the rope back down and tied the electric to it and then climbed back up and pulled it up by the rope . It cut fine and did n't care if it was right side up or upside down.The lighter weight and ease of running/stopping/restarting the saw while up in a tree is a big plus ; and I now think I prefer this saw when tree climbing and sawing without a stationary ladder .
 This chain saw is much more powerful then I expected . I took down two large trees and cut into firewood in half a day . I was going to rent one from Home Depot for the project , but for the same price I now have my own chain saw . The saw is amazing for the price I paid .
 Quick delivery as always from Amazon . Oiled it up and plugged it in and started cutting tree limbs immediately . Cut some 6 inch logs with no problem . Great product .
 This is my first chain saw so I ca n't compare it to any other 's , but so far it seems to work just fine !
 husband loves this , he had one for many years , finally wore it out . says he will never have a gas one again
 I 've gone through many saws over the years , and although it may be small , this Poulan is surprisingly efficient . The cord is a bit of a nuisance , but what else do you expect with an electric saw ? Good power . Nothing big to complain about . I 've only used it for a short time , so we 'll see how it performs again this year ...
 I ordered the Poulan Pro 400E based on price and reviews , but I was n't expecting a lot . I 'm not a very big fan of Poulan gas saws but figured for the price I 'd get the Poulan electric anyway as an `` emergency '' saw . I was having bad shoulder problems and starting my gas Husqy was just about killing me but I had a half dozen downed elm trees that needed to be cut up for my only source of heat this winter . I figured the electric could at least handle some limb wood until my husband was around to start the gas saw for me to do some bigger stuff . The Poulan electric showed up and I started on the limbs ... I was impressed . It had the power to zip through the hard elm branches like butter . I figured I 'd just keep going and see how it handled the rest of the tree and I was even more impressed and surprised . I was able to saw through 12 inch elm logs with no problem , no strain , no overheating and a lot more comfortably on my body than I can do with my gas saws ! Wow ... I 'm surprised , impressed and three months and several trees later , very happy with the Poulan 400E .
 Perfect for tackling the fallen limbs from our last ice storm , and a lot easier than fighting with a balky two-cycle engine . Probably not powerful enough if you want to reenact an episode of `` Ax Men , '' or if you 're trying to clear-cut the north 40 , but just right for typical home use.The manual does n't recommend an extension cord longer than 50 feet , which is pretty short . I 'm often using a heavy-duty 100-footer with no apparent problems , however . But if the trees you need to get at are more than 100 feet from your house , you need a gas-powered chain saw .
 This is a great little chainsaw . Easy to set up and use . Light weight and works as advertised . The only limitation is how long of an extension cord you can provide . It is perfect for around the property and garden . I have used it to cut down small -LRB- 6 '' diameter -RRB- trees , and have pruned multiple trees with branches 3 '' plus thick . Plenty of power to do more too . Definitely pleased with the product and have no hesitation to give it 5 stars .
 I was n't sure that and `` electric '' chain would be powerful enough for my project . I needed to cut down 11 30-foot high trees . This saw has handled the task easily .
 I am amazed with the quality , shipping & handling , and the performance . The Poulan Pro 400E 18 '' 4 HP is one of the best products I ever owned . It is easy to use and is versatile . Thank you Amazon for connecting me to the world of quality products .
 I got tired of buying new chainsaws every time the stupid motor conked out . It 's cheaper to buy new ones than get the old ones fixed . I 'm sure someone put the wrong gas mixture in or it sat to long , it it was having a bad day . No More !! I figured at this price , I could buy 2 or 3 electrics for the price of a gas model.The saw handled cutting up a 14 '' oak with ease . Not as powerful as a NEW gas unit , but better than one that 's gunked up . Easy to handle , no ugly kickbacks . No snagging on little branches . Just as happy right side up as upside down . No stinky fumes.Since most my cutting is done around the wood pile , plugging in with a 50 ft cord is a piece of cake . Plus not having to start the frickin motor over and over is a real time saver . I 've also used it on a heavy duty 100ft cord with no problem even though they do n't recommend it.If I 'm out of reach of a plug , I throw my little Honda 2000i generator in the wheel barrel or on the quad . The Poulan saw uses 1400 watts max -LRB- i tested it -RRB- so the little quiet 4 stroke generator handles it with ease .
 I got this for Christmas last year from my parents , so I 've had it for most of a year . I love it . I just remember starting my dad 's gas chainsaw , pulling and pulling and absolutely nothing happens , then 15 minutes of cursing and embarrassing my loved ones was as they watched me try over and over again , until it randomly started.Not here , this thing just fires right up . Plenty of power , and a good chain length of 18 inches . I have no complaint whatsoever on this . The chain and bar oil lasts a long time , because the reservoir is plenty big . I 've cut a lot of wood with this including cutting down a few dying trees . No issues whatsoever.It has a cord so you ca n't use it if the power goes out and there are fallen trees you ca n't clear them unless you have a generator . I do n't know about you , but if the power goes out at my house , I 'm going to turn on the gas fireplace and open a beer , not go out in the yard and get dirty and sweaty without having the water pump to get a shower . I 'll wait for the power to come back on to start clearing fallen trees . The cord does not bother me at all and I feel like this will last 10 times longer than just about any other gas chainsaw .
 Had A LOT of trimming to do and some pretty good size trunks I needed to cut down around our property and this little fella was just the ticket . Took down several 12 '' trunks quickly and dozens of 2 '' to 8 '' branches with ease . As long as you 've got an extension cord to get to the tree this guy will do the job and save you some money . The self oiling is awesome and mess free and the size is perfect for small to medium size logs . Obviously you 're not going to go walking through the woods taking down 4 ' trunks with it so if electric will fit your needs close to home you ca n't go wrong with it .
 I have 20 + foot Areca palms in my yard and I occasionally need to cut some down . This electric chain saw is Awesome ! It cut through those palms like butter and because it 's electric it 's so convenient . It has so much power and for the price -LRB- plus free shipping -RRB- it ca n't be beat ! Thank you Poulan and Amazon .
 Purchased December 2009 and started using it Spring 2010 . Worked well right out of the box . Good power and features . Used it to take down a small tree and a few other smaller jobs.However , after cleaning and storing for winter , it would n't even start for Spring 2011 . No idea what 's wrong , tried different power source , etc. . Based on the number of positive reviews , this may be an anomaly , or it could be hit or miss manufacturing.UPDATE
 This is a great electric chain saw . I has plenty of power for it 's size . This is my second Pro 400E .
 Bought to clean up backyard after storm . Cut through at least a 12 '' tree very easily , not as loud as gas saw . Overall great product .
 We bought this to cut up some logs into firewood . The Forest Service is doing a lot of thinning in our area , we hauled a few pickup truck loads of these 4 to 6 foot logs back to yard but needed a saw to cut them up . After reading a few positive reviews we decided to order one . It is the perfect tool for this job . This saw cuts through 12 '' to 14 '' diameter juniper with ease . We had the logs cut down to size in just a couple hours . We a very happy with the Poulan Pro 400E .
 The Chainsaw has enough power to do the big jobs but the first one I had , the motor burned out quickly . This is the second , it was replace quickly without a problem . I am the type of person that needs the simplicity of electricity . -LRB- When I buy gas chainsaws , they only last 2 years because of lack of maintenance . -RRB- this unit has has poped my home circuit breaker several times . The only improvement in the product I would suggest would be to put an internal circuit breaker in the product to protect the motor . When it is out of warranty I will probably do this . It is a good buy .
 I bought this saw in July of 2009 and I used it quite a bit until the weather turned cold . It is a real work horse , I have used it to cut down 4 medium size trees , several large bushes and I have cut up 3 very large stumps . The saw does tend to trip the 15 amp breakers when I cut anything more than about 5 inches in diameter , but if I plug it in to a 20 amp circuit it is fine . Also you will need a 12 awg or thicker chord . The saw does not include any bar & chain oil in the box . I did not have to tighten the chain until I cut up the third tree . Since then I have used it on another tree and a friend used it on some large branches at his house . It comes with a tool for adjusting it , or you can use a regular wrench and screwdriver . It also comes with a manual that gives some good tips on how to use it safely . It is loud so make sure you have ear plugs . I also use gloves and safety glasses to prevent problems . It is nice not having to worry if the saw will start up and I think the electric one is lighter than a comparable gas model . I also learned that Poulon is made by Husquavarna .
 I live on an acreage & cut wood for heating . Love to use this saw up near the house for the final cutting of logs . I use a 100 ft heavy-guage cord with it . It is light weight & easy to use . I 'm a 5-ft . tall 105 lb . 60-yr-old woman & have no trouble using this saw . It is also very easy to service -- tightening the chain , adding oil , cleaning , etc. . The 18 in . arm handles most trees . The motor is powerful enough to do the job .
 I only had this for one month , but have cut up a cord of seasoned wood with it . Of course its not as powerful as a gas model , but it did the job well enough . The trunk of the tree was 20 '' in diamater . By the way , mine was also shipped with the brake on , so its best to check to see that its off before using the saw . Did not find mine that noisy -LRB- compared to gasoline models -RRB- . Does use a little bar oil , but thats ok .
 I worked professionally with gas chain saws of various sizes for two years once . The crew I was part of used chain saws manufactured by Stihl and Husqvarna . I liked both though I preferred the Husqvarna because I found it more user-friendly . When I needed a new electric chain saw for use around the yard to replace a Remington electric , I was pleased to learn that Poulan is a brand of the Husqvarna Group.Gas chain saws are great for those who need to use a chain saw often enough to warrant the work required to keep a gas chain saw in good working order . For homeowners who need a chain saw for occasional use around the yard , electric chain saws are a godsend.The Remington I owned was cheap in cost and quality , but it nevertheless lasted nearly 10 years and served me well over that time . I wore it out by pushing it to its limit.A recent ice storm knocked down a couple of large trees on my property and a lot of branches , and when the Remington started to fall apart to the point that I determined it was no longer safe to use and not worth the cost of repair , I immediately checked Amazon for a replacement . The many positive reviews for the Poulan Pro 400E here on Amazon as well as elsewhere on the web , plus the fact that Poulan is a brand of the Husqvarna Group , made for an easy decision , and I got the saw delivered two days after ordering it -LRB- I use Amazon Prime -RRB- . The Remington was a 16 inch and the Poulan is an 18 inch , and there is no comparison in the build quality . The Poulan is obviously built to withstand rugged use -LRB- though not rugged professional use , i.e. , I imagine that using it for many hours a day , day after day , would shorten its life considerably -RRB- . The Remington had plastic parts that eventually broke apart , and was simply not made for rugged use . Also , the Remington required the user to continually press the cap of the oil container on the saw in order to keep the saw lubricated during use . The Poulan is an automatic oiler , and unlike the Remington , you can see the oil level on the Poulan through the translucent oil tank window.Using it is not unlike using a gas chain saw , though it is definitely less powerful . But again , because I do n't need to use a chain saw regularly , week after week and month after month , it is simply not worth it to me to have a gas chain saw given the maintenance that gas chain saws require . The electric Poulan is powerful enough . It is also much louder than the Remington -LRB- which had a 2.25 HP motor compared to the Poulan 's 4.0 HP -RRB- , and so wearing some kind of hearing protection when using it is a good idea.It is very convenient to have a saw that I can make one or more cuts with and then set down with it off - it goes off as soon as you take your finger off the trigger switch . I 've used it with two fat -LRB- I 've owned them for years and do n't know the gauge -RRB- orange colored 50 feet long extension cords linked together without any noticeable loss of power.Adjusting the chain tension is easy with the Poulan 's adjusting screw and the included tool , which is a combination screwdriver for turning the chain tension adjusting screw and a socket for loosening and tightening the bar clamp nuts.As other reviewers have noted , the flexible plastic chain and bar sleeve that comes with the saw is quite flimsy , but given all the positives about the 400E that 's a trivial negative.Update written on 6/20/09
 I just bought this chainsaw from Sears.com because I found it for best price there . Ligthweight , no assembly required , chain adjustment is infrequent and VERY easy , ANY NOVICE CAN OPERATE AND MAINTAIN THIS MACHINE WITH EASE . I cut down two 18-inch diameter Pine trees in about ten minutes . In another half hour I had them both naked of branches and cut into several stumps for hauling . I am VERY impressed with this machine after all of the advice I had been given from so many people to NOT buy an electric cahinsaw because `` they are low-powered and made for trimming branches '' ... That 's BS ! THis little devil ate right through those 25-year old pines with no problem . Now , I have to warn you to EXPLICITLY follow the standard tree-cutting methods as outlined in the manual as this is not a commercial saw and it is easy to see how it can be damaged or can cause the operator serious injury if used improperly . You will not slice right through a 2-foot wide tree with this saw , but you can notch it and get it down with ease as I did ! I am buying another one of these for my uncle for christmas this year !
 Recently purchased this chainsaw to cut down a pine tree in my yard . It was up against the house and had the power lines running through it . This saw was very easy to use and use safely . Had to take the tree down branch by branch due to the power linesand house . If you have 120V nearby forget the gas .
 Bought this saw to clean up some branches on our Oak Tree . Great saw , plenty of power . I went and cut a load of firewood . it has an excellent sight glass for the bar lube . You will need a good extension cord though . This Poulan runs circles around my neighbors Stihl . I think I will go cut some wood for this winter , Thanks Poulan !
 I was thinking of getting a gas chainsaw glad I did not . I used the poulan electric saw as soon as I got . It worked better than I expected . Its not for a lumberjack but its great for the homeowner .
 I purchased the Pro 400e from AMAZON on Sunday evening , Nov. 5th and received it the following Thursday afternoon after choosing the free shipping option . Opened the box , read the manuel , checked the chain , filled it with oil and that Saturday afternoon began cutting down a 30 ` foot tall , 20 '' diameter bartlet pear tree in my front yard . My size and weight is a consideration in any saw I use but not an issue with this one . It cuts like a dream . No kick back at all . Cut that tree down like I actually knew what I was doing . Great auto-oil function . Used a 100 ' extension cord with no power loss . It has my recommendation .
 I cut down an eighty year old maple tree and a few smaller trees with the saw without any trouble . It did it all . I also liked the fact that I did n't have to fight the saw to start it , just squeeze the trigger and start cutting.In fact my brother-in-law , who cuts and burns wood for heat , was so impressed , he bought his wife one for Christmas . Now she can cut the wood to size after he bring the logs home -LRB- no joke -RRB- .
 I did a lot of shopping around and compared pros/cons of gas vs electric . I purchased this in conjunction with a 5500W portable generator which will come in handy long term . While it is a bit of a challenge loading up the generator and taking it to the desired location on our parcel of land , I ca n't speak highly enough of the chainsaw.We are in the process of selectively clearing a fully wooded 3 + acre of land so we can build our house . In the course of the last 2 months , it has helped me fell over 50 trees larger than 5 '' in diameter . I 've taken them down and cut them up into 1.5 ' to 2 ' lengths for firewood . The tallest tree was over 60 ' tall and the largest diameter was over 20 '' . I 've even had it pinched twice on large trees -LRB- due to my inexperience -RRB- and it just keeps on running . I have been very impressed and would n't think twice about buying another.While I 've never owned a gas powered one , we 've had 5 other individuals help us out that do own them and have brought them along . Each of them has been impressed with the performance ... even to the point of saying ... can I use yours , mine is overmatched.If you are within 100 ' of an electrical outlet or have a generator like me ... this will do the job .
 The product arrived in perfect working order and ready to use . Very powerful and fast sawing ability for both branches and logs . A friend who has a gas chainsaw said he much preferred using my Poulan electric saw . It is well balanced and easy to use . I do not have a problem with long runs of electrical cord . The longest I have used is 50 feet , using an extension cord of # 14 wire gauge . The only drawback to this product is that is does not come with a carrying/storage case . The flimsy plastic chain guard does n't last long . Also , I do n't know about the ease of obtaining a new chain when that time comes . The product seems to be perfect for my use , which is occasional trimming and cutting of branches and small trees . I do n't know how it would stand up to heavy duty use , but it 's a good price/performance value .
 I looked at the 24 inch stump and was n't sure if the saw could handle it . I hoped it would but without destroying the saw in the process . I was amazed ! It ripped through the stump and was looking for more . I am very happy with my investment !
 I have had no problems with my poulan chainsaw . I have a five acre wooded lot in Oklahoma . It cuts limbs and trees down to ground level very easily . I have used up to 300 feet of cord without a problem . This saw cuts better than any gas saw I have used . I have used it to cut down oak and blackjack trees and it never binds or stops . I Highly recomend it .
 Bought this item after reading the positive reviews and I can only say they were right , this is an excellent tool . I had to remove a huge stump from backyard and after days and days of work I was able to finish the job . The Poulan Pro 400E chainsaw was able to cut through hard roots without problems . Very easy to clean , adjust chain tension , lubricate , maintain and to store . Two recommendations
 Great chainsaw ! Easy to use . It did go through more chain oil than expected , you really have to pay attention to the oil level . I read some of the reviews about it smoking , could have been lack of attention to oil level . As usual Consumer Reports picked another winner and Amazon gave a good price .
 This saw really does the job for me . An electric chain saw is my preference , even for jobs a fair distance from the house . I have a portable generator mounted on a small two-wheel trailer which I tow to the work area . With a 100 foot power cord I have lots of freedom to move about to cut and trim trees and limbs . And the saw has plenty of power to do the job . A great buy !
 A 70 foot Italian Stome Pine fell in our back yard . I had a 14 inch saw which was not up to the larger tasks so purchased this one . Good heft , fast cuts on pine . I left the trunk to the pros but this one did everything else I asked of it . Splendid product . I just wish they would provide a more sturdy chain protector . The flimsey little thing that comes with it is about the strength of a zip lock .
 After years of neglect it was time to clear much of our wooded half-acre yard . Our old 14 '' electric chainsaw was not up to the task so we bought a 16 '' model from a local home improvement store . Problems with oil leaks and finally a chain that could not be tightened sent us on a more careful online search . The 18 '' Poulan Pro electric had strong reviews and a very reasonable price . It has performed flawlessly in nearly daily use for the past month . It handles the small stuff with ease , and my 18-year old son has taken down 50 ' hemlocks and firs in 2 ' chunks of trunk with great success . Paired with a Patriot electric chipper-shredder , I 'm finally enjoing yardwork !
 Cut through all the trees I needed without a problem . No gas engine to gum-up since I wo n't use it for another year .
 I wish I had considered an electric before I purchased an expensive gas powered model . The electric is much more convenient , and less of a maintainence problem .
 This saw did a wonderful job . For $ 89.95 including shipping and no tax , it 's an unbeatable deal .
 After pulling and pulling on my two chain saws I told my wife that I needed an electric chain saw . She found it on Amazon . It starts every time without any ` verbal ' assistance . I used this saw to cut Cypress slabs to 6 '' width so that I could cut them into boards on my band saw . It cuts like my regular gas Poulan 18 '' . I cut up some 10-12 '' oak logs into firewood length with no hesitation.The instructions and labels have been changed since some of the reviews . I purchased the recommended size extension cord and had no problems after using it all day for a number of days .
 I bought this chainsaw to replace my Husqvarna 350 that I blew the motor on last weekend . After using this , I think I 'm all done with gas chainsaws for good . It has plenty of horses to get the job done . Just think , no more gummed up carbs , no more mixing gas , and no more loud noise . It does go through a lot of bar oil though , but that 's ok with me . I used a 100 ' 12 guage extension cord with it with no problems . I even bought two extra chains for it . I love it !
 The saw was used to cut down a dead 18 '' diameter oak tree and 6 other smaller ones . Following the instruction in the manual , the job was done easily by me -- a 68 year old who had never used a chain saw before . Comparing with other electric chain saw I have examined in the local stores , this one is built much more solid . -LRB- In addition , the support people at Poulan are very helpful . -RRB-
 After reading all the reviews here , I almost bought this from Amazon but soon realized that the saw is not selling directly by Amazon thus exchange or return could be tricky . I finally opted for the Poulan Pro twin Craftsman 34118 sells by Sears for the same price -LRB- after 10.00 discount -RRB- - The differences , the Craftman is all black , comes with 2 Year Replacement Warranty , 90 days Satisfaction Guaranteed , assembled in USA , local store pickup.The first impression was that this saw is substantial albeit it 's an electric - The manual was well written with pro cutting tips - I also bought a quart of Craftman chain saw oil for 5.49 as opposed to Tanaka brand for 59.99 - The motor is very loud compared to my other electric saw - Plenty of power that helped thinning the Incensed Cedar a snap -LRB- e.g. cutting 6 '' diameter branches like butter -RRB- . The drawback of the design would be the gravity oil feed system -LRB- which was mentioned by another reviewer -RRB- but perhaps this is a bad design that I can live with since my other saw does not drip but the chain wears out prematurely . The fix is to store this puppy belly up!September 4th , 2011 : It 's been 18 months now and the chain still runs good - one feature of the Sears version of this chainsaw that I forgot to mention is the tool-less chain tensioner system -LRB- twist , adjust , lock built-in handle -RRB- which is quite convenient if the job happens to be on the tree or somewhere that you do n't want to fumble and drop the wrench -LRB- please correct me if I 'm wrong but the Poulan Pro version appears to come with a wrench for this task ! -RRB-
 PACKED VERY GOOD.I GUESS WOULD WORK FINE . IT CERTAINLY IS MORE POWERFUL AND BURNS MORE AMPS THAN MY OLD 12 '' ONE . BUT , I WANTED SOMETHING LIGHTER , SO WILL BE SENDING BACK . .
 Based on other reviewers , I purchased one . The chain happened to derail once but I think it was my fault.It is powerful enough for weekend trimming around your house.Happy with this tool and the price .
 I ordered this chain saw because I needed one that I could start myself and was light enough for me to use . I was tired of bothering my husband everytime I needed to start the gas model . The oil/gas mixture it uses was also an issue . This saw is instant start everytime and a breeze to use . It is also powerful enough to cut the trees and limbs we have on our properties . I ordered it thru amazon with free shipping . A great buy for $ 100.00
 I had several limbs down in my yard and needed to remove them along with a split maple tree of 8 '' diameter . I had a 14 '' Homelite gas chain saw and this was always giving me problems . Besides the inconvenience of having the right gas/oil mixture on hand it was just not enough power except small limbs . After having the gas chain saw sit for 2 years and I could not get it started , I decided to go electric.This saw was great . Got it home , filled it with oil for the chain and plugged it in . Then started to have some fun . It is quieter than my gas saw . It is about the same weight but certainly lighter than gas chain saws of the same 18 '' length . The great part is I can start and stop it after I get through with some limbs and not worry about starting it up again.I was able in the 1st day to breeze through the limbs and the tree . No problems . The oil for the chain is very visible so you can see when to add more . I checked the chain tension and it was good the whole time . And while I did not have to adjust the tension it looks easier to do than my previous saw .
 OKay so they was charging hundred and something dollars to knock down that big tree that had a nasty lean to it right toward my Home . . I got this one due to such great reviews , due to say this bad boy handled that big tree like nothing , i use regular 10-30 from pennzoil . Let me tell you i was so surprised of how easy and steady this worked , down came that tree and i also used it to clean up the area . I am very Happy , after use cleaned it right up , made sure it was full of oil again ... . really recommend this to anyone , this bad boy didnt let me down and so far so Good ...
 I was sceptical about how much power an electric chain saw would have . I have always been a `` gas and oil '' man who mixes my own fuel . This saw has plenty of power and is better balanced than my old Homelite . I 'm impressed and would buy this unit again . The only down side is the limit of 50 feet for the extention cord . That may be a problem in the future , but for now everthing I need to cut falls below the 50 feet maximum . Good cutting and be safe !
 We had a freak snowstorm that hit early in the season before the leaves were off the trees resulting in many downed limbs . One limb was 40 ' in length in our front yard , perhaps 8 '' in diameter . This chainsaw did a fine job of cutting these limbs up . It is my first chainsaw and I am impressed with how easy it is to operate .
 Saw has plenty of power , solid construction , appears very well built . I especially like the oil level being visible at all times . This chain saw is a great value.One thing to note , the saw chain does not stop immediately when you release the trigger as with some other electric saws . This is not a problem for me , just something I noticed after using a friend 's Poulan 3.5 HP electric .
 I recently had a large Bradford pear tree fall during a bad thunderstorm , and from its size and bushiness , I knew I would need a chainsaw to cut it all up small enough to haul to the curb . In addition , I also had a sick oak tree that needed to go to the curb with it . Although I am not particularly scared of chainsaws , I did n't like the idea of tangling with a `` Texas Chainsaw Massacre '' type of gas saw . I felt I could get more safety and ease of use , and almost as much power -LRB- but certainly enough power to meet my needs -RRB- with an electric chainsaw . This Poulan seemed to have everything I was looking for , especially with the power category checking in with 4 HP , so I had it overnighted with some oil and had at those trees over the weekend . I was pleasantly surprised at the impressive cutting power of this saw . As soon as I put it to a branch , chips were flying and wood was falling . It helped make quick work of both trees . I actually took the time to read the manual beforehand to be sure I understood the safety mechanisms , including the highly effective automatic chain brake , and I had no trouble operating the saw . When the chain finally slackened and fell off the bar -LRB- after almost two hours of fresh-out-of-the-box cutting -RRB- , I thought I would be able to get it back on in short order . In this area , however , the manual is a little lacking , and it was only when I put the manual aside and used my brain power that I was able to reattach the bar and chain to the saw and make use of the adjusting mechanism to tighten the chain . This saw does use a lot of oil , which is good for the life of the saw , but it makes clean up a bit of a chore with all those oil soaked wood chips in the main housing . Still , once you know how to take apart and put everything back together , the saw is not that difficult to clean up . As for overall ease of use , I honestly do n't think there could be anything better . I 've used electric chainsaws before , and none were as simple and strong as this one . So , even though this saw is not exactly perfect , I consider its drawbacks to be small enough that they do not warrant subtracting a star from its rating . Finally , one word of caution
 This was the first time I 've ever used a chainsaw and this was just a joy to play with - err , I mean , a joy to cut down trees that have fallen in my backyard during the recent Hurricane Irene . What I love most about the product is its simplicity . Pour oil in the tank , plug it in , push the safety button , and hold the trigger to start the saw . If that does n't work , you probably have the safety bar pulled away from you , so pull that towards you and it will work . Other than that , I ca n't fathom why one would need to purchase chainsaws two to three times as much as this one .
 I guess I was one of the lucky majority who got a non lemon unit . I cut up 3 cords of tree length barely seasoned logs in a matter of hours . This thing guzzles the oil , but I do n't care because it went through the wood like butter . I used a 50 ft. 12/3 cord in conjunction with a 25 ft. 14/3 cord as recommended by another reviewer and it worked perfectly ... no overheating . I worried about over using the unit , but it worked like a champ . I could not recommend the product more . The brake worked well to speed in putting down the unit and I only threw the chain once when it got pinched when a particularly heavy log dropped because I thought it had been supported , but I was cutting off the support . But I was able to put the chain back on in no time flat and having the unit up in running with a nice tight chain . Very satisfied ... very happy .
 This chainsaw has been excellent . I am using it to clean up my redwood forest . It has cut through 3 logs over 3 feet in diameter left over from the logging of the old growth trees . While there is some rot most of the wood is quite hard due to years of seasoning in a damp climate . Needless to say , smaller logs and live trees are no problem . The oil does not leak out when not operating , so I do n't have to empty the reservoir between jobs . I highly recommend it .
 Since this is the first chainsaw I have ever purchased , I have nothing to compare it to . However , this chainsaw is perfect ... right out of the box . There 's no assembly ; just put in the oil -LRB- which is sold separately -RRB- and plug it in . After receiving it , I just had to take down one of the `` rag '' trees in my yard . The chainsaw operated perfectly . Had the tree down in a matter of minutes and cut into pieces . I would recommend this saw if you need one for your home . I thought about a gas chainsaw but decided that I did n't want to deal with starting issues and gas/oil issues a few times a year . This saw is perfect for the home owner that just needs a chainsaw to have when needed . The final selling point was the 18 '' saw-blade .
 I received my new Poulan Pro 400E a few days ago and was n't sure what to expect . Had a landscaping project involving cutting old telephone pole logs into 3 feet sections . The first saw I used was a gas powered one and the chain on it got dull fast . My wife was headed out to the site and she brought the new chainsaw just in time for me to test it out . And man did that 400E do the job ! It was like cutting through butter ! I was skeptical before about electric chainsaws , NOT ANY MORE ! This has to be the quietest , easiest to use and clean chainsaw I have ever owned ! I do n't have to worry about getting out the old gas container to get gas or about the gas/oil mix going bad . Just add the oil and check chain tension and its ready to roll ! Great saw , I ca n't stop telling everyone about it !
 I had wanted to buy a gas chain saw , but my wife pointed out that the trees that we would want to trim or remove were within the length of an extension chord . I checked Consumer Report and this model was top-rated . I had been thinking of a 16 or even a 14 inch saw , but the CR review nailed it . It works as advertised , though I have only used it this last month . It has incredible power and saws through the trees and branches in quick order . Also , I received it in just a matter of 3 days . Wow !
 I was a bit concerned that an electric saw would n't keep up with my gas saw , but was willing to try it , as I go for long periods of non use and would have problems storing a gas saw -LRB- forget to put in conditioner , etc. -RRB- also , needed to use indoors to cut a large gluelam beam , and this saw has no fumes . The saw surprised me ... . Plenty of power , about the same weight , and less mainentance . What more can you ask for ?
 Have owned many gas chain saws in the past , including expensive ones . After a few years of light to average use and performing proper storage maintainance for winter months when the saw is not used , the gas saws always develop carburator problems and become difficult to start.Finally gave up on gas and decided to try this Poulan Pro . Saw has adeqaute power and performs well . Biggest problem is getting used to dragging 150-200 feet of electric cord behind me . This is not a saw problem but is a problem with a lot over 250 ` long and is heavily wooded .
 Nice size , not too heavy , it was pretty cool . The light work that I needed it for it worked like a charm ... Its a solid piece of equipment for an electric chainsaw .
 I bought this saw after reading the review on Amazon . I also checked the reviews of the electric saws I found at Lowe 's and Home Depot . When I ordered this saw from Amazon , I got free shipping and it arrived in less than a week . I used it to take down and saw into manageable pieces , a tree about 18 '' diameter . No Problem . The auto oiling feature is nice also .
 Zheece ! Most of our heat comes from harvestedtrees we have planted for this purpose . This4 Horse Electric is by far the best -LRB- of too many -RRB- chain saws I have used ! So simple compared to anygas saw & it cuts equally fast & well , limited onlyby the length of your extension cords ! Hey , that18 inch bar lets you go after those thick trunksthat were heretofore limited to that troublesomegas eater , too . Happy cutting ! It will be !
 My purchasing experience has been VERY good - the Poulan chain saw arrived quickly and I was using it in about 15 minutes - just had to read a few things to make sure I was doing it right . Put some oil in it and went to work . The saw is very powerful . I was quite pleased - plenty good for all of my around the house needs .
 I was dubious about how useful an electric chain saw might be . But I have an electric edger and an electric string trimmer and they both do a good job for me . I had several dead Mimosa trees , up to about 7 inches in diameter , in my back yard and wanted to cut them down and then cut them into the relatively short lengths that the trash pickup people will accept at the curb . So I ordered the Poulan Pro 400E 18-inch 4 HP saw from Amazon . I read the instructions , paying particular attention to the extension cord recommendations . Poulan recommends a minimum wire gauge of 14 AWG for a 25-foot cord and 12 AWG for a 50 foot cord . Use of a 100-foot cord is not recommended . However , I bought a 50-foot 12 AWG cord and also a 100-foot 12 AWG cord . The Mimosa trees were close enough that the 50-foot cord would reach them . The saw worked extremely well . It had plenty of power to handle the trees and made short work of the job . Although the use of a 100-foot cord was n't recommended , I had a Chinese Tallow -LRB- Popcorn -RRB- tree further away than 50 feet that had a large limb extending toward my house that I wanted to remove . So I used the 100-foot 12 AWG cord and removed that limb . I did n't notice any reduction in power and the limb was quickly cut off and reduced to curb-sized pieces.Before ordering this saw , I read the reviews here and I was careful to ensure that the chain brake was disengaged when using the saw . From some of the reviews , it appears that several people had ruined their saws by not observing this precaution.A handyman who is experienced in using both gas-powered and electric chain saws helped me with some of the work mentioned above and he had high praises for this saw and has since recommended it to some of his other clients .
 Some reviewers said the saw came DOA -LRB- would n't start -RRB- . Mine came that way because the saw has a built in safety feature to avoid kick-back injuries . In front of the handle is a guard that will shut the saw off if it is pushed towards the blade . All that is needed is to pull it back until it snaps into place closer to the top handle . I owned a Stihl gas saw for many years and it had the same feature and so do other chain saws.Excessive chain saw oil useage was also a complaint for some reveiwers . My Stihl used about the same amount of chain oil . The chain creates lots of friction and needs constant oil to keep it from getting prematurely dull and wearing out other parts . All chain saws need chain oil . Check the reservour every half hour or so.One lesson for chain saw cutting that is best learned early is to not allow the blade to contact dirt or sand . If it does , and it will at some point , stop cutting and remove the chain from the bar and soak it in cleaning solvent -LRB- not gasoline -RRB- . Dirt will wear the bar and sprocket out fast.This Poulan saw is a very good value . It has more power than I expected from an electic saw . With that said , do not decide to buy one and start your own tree business . The Poulan will not last as long as professional saws nor can it truely compete against the big gas powered models . It does hold its own quite well for most home chores . I cut a dead tree down that had a trunk diameter of about 9 inches . In my opinion , that is probably as big as this saw should be pushed.For my purposes and at my age of 62 , this saw is perfect . It 's light and it does the job . Keep the blade sharp and the oil filled and it 's just fine for occasional home cutting .
 This chainsaw arrives much faster than expected , free by air . The 18 '' size was just what I needed for cutting slabs of redwood . I would highly recommend this product . The only weakness is that extra chains are not offered by the same supplier , a back-up chain is always desirable to have .
 Got so tired of my gas saw and all the hassel that goes with gas saws for simple home use I gave it away.I reviewed lots of electric chain saws finding the Poulan 400e to be the best of the lot . So if you need a `` oncein while '' chain saw get the Poulan 400e and never look back it 's that good.Other saws may be Ok but if you want a electric chain saw that just rips a log down to size the best choiceis the 400e .
 I have used several light duty gas chain saws for pruning and cutting down small to medium sized trees around the house . My old homelite was worn out and decided to try an electric since they seem to have grown into a usable size.This saw has performed flawlessly for three multi hour pruning sessions on limbs up to 5 inches in diameter . I have not tried it on anything really large but it is light enough to tote up a 32 foot extension ladder and powerful enough to make quick work of the limbs I wanted to remove.I have a couple 8 to 10 inch trees to remove yet and am sure this saw will do the job . I really like the lack of fuel mess and ease of clean up . Hopefully no painful startup after a couple years in storage . Just keep the chain sharp and go .
 I cut up a small tree in my backyard with no problem with this chainsaw . If you have access to electricity where you 'll be cutting this is a great choice .
 This is a superior electric chain saw for general home use . I sawed up an ash tree for firewood ranging from 5 inches to 24 inches in diameter . It was powerful and cut it like butter . Limited use otherwise . It appears to be the best out there for the homeowner .
 Bought based on Consumer Reports recommendation . Good solidly made chainsaw is simple to use and powerful . Also liked the way that the chain adjusts and the ease of cleaning after use . Had been struggling with a hard-to-start gas chainsaw -- if you do n't mind dragging power cords around I would highly recommend an electric chainsaw for occassional use in your backyard .
 I bought this chainsaw to cut down a giant set of junipers in my backyard . It was a tangled mess , branches 30 + feet long , all hooked and twisted among others . I say this because the ability to easily cut , then stop cutting to try and get out what I had cut off was a key reason I bought an electric one . you can cut for a few minutes and just set it down , no restarting BS like with a gas one . The Poulan had the juice I needed , cutting through 10-15 inch stumps no problem . Also , I know I wont use my chainsaw more than once or twice a year , so the maintenance on a gas one did n't make sense to me ... this one will be ready to go anytime , as long as the oil is full . the oiler worked great , every time I checked the chain for tension , the bar was well oiled . the chain tensioning system worked well , as with any chainsaw , the chain loosens , but it was easy to adjust and maintain . If you are a homeowner , this would be a great option .
 I bought this chainsaw because the gasoline saw I have now is hard to start and required mixing gas and oil for fuel . This electric Poulan was not disappointing . It 's powerful and cuts throught 12 '' logs with ease .
 RECEIVED SAW IN GOOD TIME -- PACKING WAS GREAT -- WENT TO USE THE SAW AND ALL IT DID WAS BURN THE WOODAFTER CHECKING THE MANUAL I FOUND OUT THE CHAIN HAD BEEN INSTALLED BACKWARDS -- THE MANUAL WAS VERYCLEAR ON HOW TO INSTALL A NEW CHAIN , SO AFTER ABOUT 20 MINS . OF CORRECTING THE FACTORY 'S MISTAKEI WAS OFF AND RUNNING -- I WOULD ADVISE THE FACTORY TO TIGHTEN UP ON THEIR Q.C. -- LOVE THE SAW ANDI 'M SURE THIS JUST ONE THAT SLIPPED BY
 Took a little time to ship but then arrived in 48 hrs.Just as advertised and works well.Completed the job we purchased it to do saving a lot of labor .
 I 've been cutting firewood for days , much of it mountain mahogany , about the toughest but hottest , longest-burning firewood ever . -LRB- It 's about four times heavier/denser than fir and pine wood -RRB- This wonderful , VERY-well designed / engineered/built saw cuts through it smoothly , near-effortlessly . While 's very easy to handle , clean , adjust.I 'm not sure , but maybe only one downside could be is thatit runs through chain/sprocket pretty fast . Or , maybe not.Oh
 Unbelievably effective . I 'm a senior citizen who lives in a wooded area , and I got tired of wearing myself out cranking gasoline saws before I even started the job . This saw is easy , efficient , effective , and sure does the job .
 The Poulan Pro 400E is a great electric chain saw . Does an excellent job with good safety features . Would definitely recommend this saw for the homeowner with a small yard .
 This chainsaw has the power . Big 18 '' blade cuts very nice . Feels just like a gas one , but no mess . I was quite surprised , even after reading the reviews . Highly recommend this electric model , great Amazon deal , too .
 I have done quite a bit of chain saw work , but now live in a suburb and could n't see spending 250 bucks for a decent gas chain saw . Plus , the other reviewers made sense , why mess with all that gas and oil and trying to start the thing if you are just dealing with occasional storm damage . So I bought this and went after a good size Maple tree today . It really worked great . A bit light , and I suppose I missed the weight of a gas saw , but it cut very well , even did a bunch of cuts through 16-18 inch `` limbs '' . I let the saw work , and did n't force it though . I really worked great . I finished , and put it on the shelf . Nice an easy . Highly recommend
 I chose this tool based on its primary use - light duty work around the house with the assumption that electrical power would be readily available at a typical house . I debated for some time going gas powered , but then if I did go that route I was going to pick Stihl or Husqvarna , having had excellent personal experience with Husqvarna as a true back woods working saw . My first task with this saw was removing bushes at my parents house . Handling and weight of the saw were fine , no fatigue . Power was not an issue , nor would I think it would be for heavier jobs . Overall feel of the saw was quite nice after getting used to it . I 'm never a fan of plastic cases on any tool that might see abuse but since it 's not the 60 's anymore I ` spose I do n't get my choice , the case seems like it will hold up though . The blade size for the package is quite nice , it seemed like many comparable saws had shorter blades . I like to be able to utilize the entire blade and get into tight spots at times . Electrical hookup so far has not been an issue , I did purchase a 100 ' 12awg extension cord as part of the intent of use . Good value for the price .
 This was intended to be a Christmas gift for my husband , but he happened to be home when it arrived , and he snatched it up . He wo n't have a big gift to open on Christmas , but he 's so thrilled with it , it does n't matter . We have a mountain property with a ton of dead trees , and he has a field day slicing those trees into firewood . He loves it because it cuts so effortlessly . I love it because it 's quiet . It is electric , so it 's limited by the length of your extension cord , but with a small generator , it can venture far into the woods . For the size and the price , it 's a great chainsaw !
 This is a much-reviewed item , and I have little to add . I am writing this review after having used the saw twice , each for about 2 hours . First of all , the motor is powerful enough for light or medium duty use . Trunks or limbs 12-16 '' diameter can be cut without too much trouble , and I notice that others have cut larger than that . Listen to the motor , do n't strain it , take your time , and you will do fine . The electric cord is a nuisance , as it is for any corded tool . As commented by others , it uses a lot of chain oil , but I do n't think the use is excessive . Keep checking the level ; the translucent reservoir makes that easy . I had no problems with excessively rapid chain loosening ; check it frequently and adjust it as needed . When I removed the chain and bar for cleaning , it took me a while to get everything put together properly . But that is the case with any such task performed for the first time ; now that I understand what is supposed to go where it should be much quicker in the future . It would be helpful if a chainsaw expert could comment on how important it is to clean out the oily sawdust between uses ; from a casual glance it is hard to imagine that the stuff could cause all that much of a problem but it certainly might . Bottom line
 I ORDERED THIS CHAIN SAW THROUGH AMAZON AND IT CAME RIGHT AWAY BY UPS . THE SAW WAS READY TO GO JUST HAD TO ADD CHAIN-BAR OIL AND PLUG IT IN . I SAWED UP SOME OAK TREE LIMBS IN SHORT ORDER . THE SAW WORKS JUST GREAT .
 I had a lot of large tree limbs fall this year an instead of hiring someone to cut them up , I decided I give the Poulan Pro 400 a try . I figured if it did n't work out I would only be $ 90 out of pocket which was still far less than hiring someone.The Poulan made short work of both large and small logs and limbs . I cut up more than a cord of wood in one afternoon and since it is electric it does n't weigh as much as a gas powered chain saw so I was n't completely exhausted at the end of the day.I would highly recommended this item to anyone searching for a chain saw for mid to light duty log and limb cutting .
 The saw works great it is easy to use and light weight . The long bar makes easy work of large logs .
 Good saw with enough power for work at home sawing up branches and trees that have broken or fallen around the property .
 I 've owned and used this chainsaw for about a month . I upgraded from my small , cheapo , 14-incher . The 18 inch bar goes through oak logs much easier and the motor has more power-hasn ' t bogged down yet . My neighbor uses a more powerful gas chainsaw but it 's a hassle to use-stays running while arranging logs to cut , need to mix oil and gas , and is much louder.It does use a lot a chain/bar oil but that 's why the sell it in the gallon size.I highly recommend this Poulan chainsaw , and the price and shipping through Amazon were both great !
 I used this saw all weekend . A big oak in my yard dropped a huge branch so I bought one of these to clean it up . The biggest cut was maybe 14 '' or so . This machine worked fine . . no problems whatsoever .
 Many years ago I had a gas powered chain saw . It was dirty , smelly , noisy and did n't have as much power as this electric saw . It was probably more expensive , too.I have to use near power source , of course , but so far I have found that my cheap Home Depot 50 ' power cords work just fine . I have found nothing that this saw ca n't handle with ease .
 Have used gas chain saws all my life But this little thing really cuts , I use it to re-cut fire logs that are to long for my outside wood boiler , I sometimes cut them too long in the woods and this thing is really handy , and it was cheaper to buy here .
 I do a LOT of wood cutting ! I purchased my first Poulan electric five years ago , but the nylon drive gear suddenly locked up with a broken tooth . I have n't been able to remove it to replace it yet . I had probably cut 30 cords of firewood before the failure - NO complaits ! I just purchased a replacement with free shipping . I 've dropped & sliced 3 foot plus diameter trees with these saws . I use both the supplied 18 '' bar and the aftermarket Oregon 20 '' bar . They both work fine . Never run without oil and this saw will last a long , long time . I 've had two -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- gas saws fail before my first Poulan failure ! I 've NEVER had a problem sawing whatever needed to be sawed . This item IS WORTH whatever you pay ! I have pics if you want to see the results!Can I give it SIX stars ?
 This is very good chainsaw , It fast and powerful , I cut my 12 + '' trunk in just matter of minute . there is no problem at all after many time of using it .
 This saw is easy to operate and is very powerful . Much more than one would expect from an electric chainsaw . My neighbor doubted it would work as well as his gas powered chain saw . He made a cut from the tree and then I made a cut with the electric saw . He said , `` I think I need to buy myself one like yours . ''
 i did my homework on this one.i have a pretty powerful gas husky 18 `` about the same power , goes through anything , starts up nice.can ' t beat the price , does n't use much oil , chain easy to ajust.so far so good
 After reading eernest4 's most thorough and informative September 7 , 2010 review , I purchased this chainsaw . I 've used to to cut down one Weeping Willow . I found it a solid performer , especially for the price .
 For those that do not want the hassle of a gas chain saw , this is the answer . Plenty of power and easy to maintain . It cuts as well as my old gas saw without the mess .
 I bought the Poulan Pro 400E 18-inch 4 HP electric chain saw based on the reviews I 've read on Amazon . I must say that I agree with the reviews mostly . This is a good starter chain saw , and it is definitely worth the money . I wo n't dwell much on the positives since there are already a lot of other reviews that mention it.One of the most annoying things that I do n't like about this chain saw is that it sucks up , drains , eats up , consumes , etc. a lot of motor oil . A 25-ft tree branch fell on my yard . I would estimate that the branch had about a 40 inch maximum diameter . I used up 1 quart of Poulan Pro oil in less than 1 hour and 30 minutes . I 'm not sure if electric chain saws normally consume this much oil , but I just think that it is a lot of oil . The chain and chain bar was actually dripping with oil.Anyway , that 's about my only complain . The other features of the chain saw are great . It was definitely easy to disassemble the chain and bar and clean up . You just need to unscrew two bolts and that is it .
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B00080OD9Q Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4 Horsepower Electric Chain Saw -RSB- -RSB- I MUST SAY THIS POULAN 400E LIVES UP TO WHAT IT SAYS IT CAN DO . MY PURCHASE WAS STRICKLY TO AVOID HAVING THE PROBLEMS OF STARTING UP MY GAS SERVICED CHAINSAWS DURING THE COLD MONTHS HERE IN NORTHERN ILLINOIS . BROKEN LIMBS AND LARGE BRANCHES FROM MY TREES DURING WINTERY STORMS ARE NO MATCH FOR THE POULAN . LITTLE VIBRATION AND SMOOTH CUTTING MAKES FOR EXCELLENT HANDLING . JUST KEEP ON EYE ON THE OIL RESERVOIR AND THE CHAIN WICH HAS A SIMPLE ADJUSTMENT SCREW AND YOUR READY TO TEAR INTO THE WOOD . FOR THE PRICE -- THE 4 HORSEPOWER ENGINE DOES ONE HECK OF A JOB . I WILL , AND HAVE RECOMMENDED THIS PRODUCT TO MANY OF MY NEIGBORS AND FRIENDS .
 I bought this from Amazon 's Warehouse Deals and saved a little more $ off the already pretty-good Amazon price . The box was a little crushed , but other than that , I think it was brand new.It arrived in a couple days -LRB- thank you Prime ! -RRB- , and I put it to work trimming some oaks and taking down a huge photinia . Did n't notice any hesitation cutting up any of it . It 's nice that it 's lightweight , so wielding it while trimming higher tree branches is n't uncomfortable . Plus , since it 's electric , there 's no hassle stopping and starting it over and over.This will quickly pay for itself .
 This is a good starter saw or one for intermittent use . Easy to handle and will do the job on logs and trees up to 16 '' in diameter .
 Okay first off , I have to say that I am a chain saw `` virgin '' . Never owned one before and never had any experience using one . I admit it , I was a scaredy cat . But , finally after getting tired of waiting for my son-in-law to come over with his chain saw to help me , I just decided to bite the bullet and buy my own . Well , I did my research , and based on the reviews here bought the Poulan Pro . It arrived today and I am stoked ! I read the instructions well , purchased a bottle of chain saw oil , filled the oil reservoir , familiarized myself with the saw , and got to work . Started up like a dream , and in about 30 minutes cut down what was left of my dead peach tree trunk ! No problems , no kickbacks -LRB- which the instructions were careful to warn about -RRB- , no jams . The only thing I noticed which really is n't a negative , is that it is a bit of an oil hog . I had to fill the reservoir twice , but the instruction manual had told me to check the oil level often . It has a kickback brake , which works well , but since I did n't have any kickbacks it did n't `` kick '' in , lol . I just used it as extra precaution when not using the saw . The chain loosened a bit during use , but it 's easy to tighten , and they give you a little tool to do it too ! This little saw is perfect for women who , like me , are the `` handymen '' around the house . This little baby is going to get a LOT of use ! :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I did n't expect as much power from an electric as this saw has . I have a Husquvarna 350 gas saw that cost 3 times as much and I actually enjoy using this one more . Cuts well and the chain stays tight . Do n't have a clue what the one star reviews are about but I 've cut my share of wood and really like this saw for the price .
 I bought this chain saw a year ago with the intention of light trimming and cutting up small 2 '' -3 '' diameter stuff for my wife 's metal mesh fire pit . It did really good as expected . Well today our Bradfood Pear tree we planted 16 years ago was weighed down with ice and snow which split one branch in the the middle about 6 feet up -LRB- 8 '' in diameter -RRB- . It fell on the fence . I was concerned that other the 2 other large branches off the trunk -LRB- 8 '' -10 '' in diameter -RRB- would fall on the house or our gazebo , because the forcast was for more snow . So I bundled up got out the saw and extension cord and began to saw up the limbs that were on the fence & the others I thought might come down . The saw worked great , I just had to adust the chain after cutting a couple branches . Also , I made sure the saw was running & up to speed before I would make a cut . I ca n't believe how great this saw worked in the cold & wet , it really came in handy . We are sad to have lost our tree but , I can sleep tonight knowing I wo n't wake up with a tree landing on our house or gazebo . Anybody need some firewood : -RRB-
 Used to cut up a large tree that fell down in a storm . Works very well . Plenty of power.Appreciated the review from another customer about the blade break potentially turning off power to the saw - make sure this lever is pulled in.Note
 This is the 2nd one of these saws that I have owned . The first one was used and abused for 2 years , and when it failed I quickly went out and bought the exact same saw . I 've cut trees up to almost the full blade length with this saw and it never balks . Cuts at an angle fine and is pretty light weight . Probably the best electric chain saw out there .
 I am 71 years old and have cut a lot of wood . Have heated our house for at least 25 years , probably have cut more wood than most . But with my age starting my old gas saw , climbing up a ladder into a tree is not very easy any more . Any way about this electric saw I cut up a 24 inch white oak a couple of weeks ago . Must have gotten about 4 cords of wood from it . This saw cut up this tree like it was butter . It cut nice and straight and I was not tired when I finished . I wish I would have bought this years ago . Some reports say that it has plastic gears in it ? I do n't know but for $ 90 I do n't have a problem , My gas saw cost me over $ 300 , has always done a good job , but at my age I will go for the electric .
 Does n't stop and it can cut big trees . Excellent product for the Electric Chain Saw type .
 Nothing to complain about does what it is supposed to and the price is right . Chopped up some large oak logs and it never even hesitated even when I hit some knots . It is almost frightening hot it cuts so smoothly , makes you a bit more relaxed than you probably should be with a chainsaw.We 'll see how it works in a year from now ...
 Chose this saw after reading other reviews . I needed to replace a 25 year old sthil saw . Since my usage of the stihl had drindled to about once a year , I decided that the expense and upkeep of gas units was not worth it . If I 'm out of range of the extension cord I will either rent of hook up to a generator.Product received in a timely manner . It would have been nice to have a blade guard with the saw .
 I had one very large dead tree on my 5 acre property when I bought it . Not wanting this tree to come down on anyone , I used a 14 '' electric saw to start out , but it quit working under the load . The 18 '' Poulan from Amazon not only cut the tree down , but kept working all the way from bottom to top and is still working after replacing the chain with another purchase from Amazon . She runs fine on a small generator when I 'm not near the house to get power . Great machine .
 I bought this saw to deal with a fallen tree on my property that had smoked by previous electric saw . The price seemed right , and the reviews were mostly very positive so I went ahead and bought it the same day that the old saw went belly up . I gave the new saw a test run on the first day , and it made short work of the problem tree . It was n't a huge tree , but it took a dozen or so cuts through a 12-14 '' diameter trunk to whittle it down to manageable size . Every cut was quick and clean , and the motor seemed like it was just loafing along . This is a far more capable saw than the one it replaces , and I think I paid about $ 50.00 more for my previous electric . It 's only a 1/2 horsepower more powerful , but it feels like much more . Ca n't speak for it 's durability at this point , but based solely on performance it 's an easy 5-stars .
 I purchased this chain saw about 2 weeks ago based upon the price and the reviews . I must say that I 'm very pleased with the purchase . It arrived intact and ready to go . All I had to do was add chain oil - check the chain adjustment and go saw some wood . I made sure I had good eye and ear protection . The saw initially cut very quickly but soon seemed to bog down . I surmise it 's because the wood I 'm cutting is still wet and at about 16 to 18 inches in diameter - rather thick . I purchased the Dremel chain saw sharpening attachment -LRB- # 1453 -RRB- for about $ 12.00 and was able to sharpen the chain in about two minutes . I highly recommend this attachment ! If you need a chain saw and do n't want the hassle of the gas engine and do n't need to use it remotely - I recommend this saw . It really will do the job with power to spare .
 Worked great for me . When I needed firewood for my Franklin stove , that I had bought from Ben himself , my friend brought me a dumptruck load of fir logs that were as large as 18 inchs . I did ` nt want to run my gas saw that would have maded a lot of noise to disturb to neighbors . Now they are borrowing it from me . Lots of happy people with this saw . BURT
 I needed something to take care of large limbs that fall in my yard , so something that I use only periodically that does n't need a lot of upkeep or effort to use . Took a little getting used to , in particular the cleaning and adjusting the chain . But all in all it seems a good buy . I used it once for several hours . Probably more this fall . Eats up oil , but performs well . No complaints .
 I 've used a small electric chain saw for 15 years around the house . In my opinion , an electric chain saw is the way to go for most people as long as you do your work within 100 feet of the house . My neighbor has what is supposed to be one of the best gas models out there , and he always has trouble getting his started . I think most homeowners use a chain saw once in a while , and then it sits on a shelf for months at a time . With an electric model this is n't a problem . Mine always starts as soon plug it in and push the trigger . If a gas model is n't used on a regular basis , it gets even harder to start , not to mention the trouble and mess of mixing and using gas . This electric saw is very powerful and does all I want it to . It has a good quality feel except for the cheap saw blade cover which is n't worth using . Overall , I highly recommend this saw .
 Plenty of HP & well balanced too . Limbed and dropped a 20 '' diameter apple tree like it was a stick of butter . Tree to stacked cordwood in about 20 minutes .
 I use it to clear brush , cut limbs , and cut small trees . It is surprisingly powerful , reasonably quiet , and very reliable . No maintenance , no mixing gas and oil , no refusal-to-start . Just what I needed !
 A windstorm took down two tree 's in my back yard . The church that owns the woods behind my house , had so much damage , that they said they would not be able to clear it from my yard . I purchase this saw , after reading many favorable reviews , and I give it a thumbs up . I had never used a chainsaw before , so I ca n't compare , but I could n't have wanted a better experience .
 UPDATE 3/18/2010 : Last week the winds hit 60 mph and another tree came down ... a 60 foot pine . This saw did it 's job , and at the risk ruining the chain , I 'm going to try to get through the rootball . In my first review I said you do n't need a gas chainsaw , and I meant it , however , when you have no power , a gas chainsaw is a Godsend ! -LRB- At least , I think it would be -RRB- . LOL . Even still , I am so happy with this purchase . This is such a great saw , my neighbors used it as well , and they love it , too . The only thing to keep in mind when you are cutting thick pieces of trunk is that you do n't want the tree to collapse onto the blade and lock you up . This can happen if you get cocky -LRB- and it 's easy to do with this saw , because it is soooo capable ! -RRB- . Two weeks ago we had 50 + mph winds and as luck would have it , my neighbors tree fell into my driveway -LRB- and SUV -RRB- . FYI this is MY responsibility , as it is an act of God . This is according to my insurance company . Had I informed my neighbor in writing that his trees were endangering my property , I am told it would have been his responsibility . I just mention this for anyone reading so they can start sending out letters . Anyway , as I said , as luck would have it , and I am a lucky guy , the tree just dented and scratched the SUV , but nobody was hurt . Since my neighbor offered to help clear the tree and was never heard from again I decided to order this chain saw and clear it out myself . Please note the base of the tree is a bit over 22 inches ! I ordered this chain saw because it was the biggest I could find , and because I had heard good things about Poulan . I should note that a couple of years ago I used a friends 14 inch chain saw , and another FYI , take breaks every half an hour if you are not used to it , and make sure the chain is sharp , otherwise you could end up damaged the ligaments in your hand/arm . I wore a brace for 6 months . So , back to the review ... Because of poor weather , getting home late , etc. , I did not have a chance to dispatch the tree until tonight . I can honestly say it took me less than 45 minutes , working in the dark and by myself . This is one awesome chain saw . It is not as heavy as I thought it would be and very easy to handle . Make sure you add enough oil , but be careful as it is very easy to overfill , as I found out . Also be sure to tighten the chain , especially in the beginning as it becomes a bit slack and there is a very real danger that it can come off and really hurt you . This does draw a heck of a lot , so make sure you are using a very good extension cord -LRB- 12 gauge -RRB- , and probably not more than 50 feet . As far as kick back , I experience very little , and only when I knew it was comming . For example , when I was about to hit another branch , and even then it was nothing major . The kickback guard is probably not going to do all that much if it really comes back at you hard , but read the booklet , as it tells you how to avoid it . Do not try to use this on small twigs or branches , it will just whip them around . Always wear eye protection , and always pay attention to your stance and be sure the saw is directly in front of you , not on the side . Also , if you are cutting a thick trunk , as I did , it is better to have a friend in case you need to put a wedge in the cut -LRB- sometimes the tree can come back on itself and lock up the blade , and that could be VERY dangerous -RRB- . Always keep it properly oiled and clean and you should be very happy with this . I prefer this over a gas powered chain saw for many reasons . It does not require gas . You do n't need to play with a choke . You can turn it on and off easily and quickly . Honestly , you do n't NEED a gas chain saw unless you are going to be doing a lot of serious cutting . This will do just about everything a gas chain saw can , unless you need the portability of gas . That is the only reason I can see getting a gas one over this . I am not happy with my purchase , I am thrilled ! I ca n't imagine anyone not loving it ... just remember , read the booklet ! and , be careful .
 After reading all the reviews , I decided on purchasing this particular chainsaw . I used it right out of the box on my oak tree and it worked great . It cut at least two six inch branches without difficulty . I then took it to my brother 's back yard and I cut a whole mature cottonwood tree down . It also managed to cut a four inch oak tree limb that was overhanging over the garage . This is my second saw . It 's much better than my gas operated saw.Since I live in South Texas , good firewood -LRB- other than mesquite -RRB- is hard to come by , so I volunteered to cut my neighbor 's oak tree branches for the firewood . I had to replace the chain once . Otherwise , it keeps on running and cutting . Excellent product for the money.The only drawback
 I was n't too sure about getting an electric saw since I 've always had nice small engine types , but I had just bought a small lake front property and only had some clean up work to do and really did n't need a big tree killer . Figured I 'd give it a try . What a pleasant surprise ! It makes quick work of wood even up to 14 '' diameter . This is the best value I have ever had in a saw . Having said that , do n't buy this saw and then think you 're Paul Bunyan or that your suddenly going into the lumber business . It ' for small to medium work and does a great job at that . If the job is bigger than that , you are going to need a bigger saw .
 Had the saw for about a month now , cut about 3 cords of oak , so far so good . Realy like the light weight & cutting ability with logs in excess of 18 '' . No gas & engine oil & not breathing the fumes is also a big + . Works great with my Honda generator when I 'm over 100 ' from the house . I went through 3 sears 18 '' gas saws in the past 12 years if it lasts as longI 'll be quite happy .
 In the aftermath of an early fall -LRB- leaves still on the trees -RRB- snow storm that put down 35 '' of wet heavy snow and devastated a number of trees , I immediately ordered this saw . Now after 8 truck and trailer loads of limbs and almost a chord of firewood cut I could not be more pleased . It has required nothing more than a chain tightening , some bar oil and electricity . It cuts as well as my gas saw but is light and comfortable to use .
 This electric chainsaw performed as well as everyone said it would . It was powerful , easy to use and light to handle . I cut up an uprooted tree with 14 inch diameter trunk easily and quickly . I did have to purchase a heavy duty 10 ga. 100 foot extension cord because of the distance from my outlet so added another $ 50 to cost of this setup . But now I have a cord that I could use for other uses . And the saw never stalled or strained while in use with the long extension cord .
 The saw works perfectly and is exactly what I expected and needed . I recommend this item for anyone that needs to trim or cut down small -LRB- 12 - 15 '' -RRB- trees . This product was in my hands three days after I ordered it .
 Poulan Pro 18-Inch 4 HP Electric Chainsaw # 400EI have 2 acres behind my house that needed to be cleared of about 50 trees ranging in size from 6 '' to 24 '' diameter - I hope to be able to attach photos to prove this-This chainsaw is amazing , I was able to fell 43 HARD WOOD trees in less than 16 hours of work . So far the only problem I have had is the oil is not feeding properly to the chain -LRB- I was using a standard chain and bar oil and switched to Poulan 's brand and that is when I started having the problem ?? -RRB- But because it is under warranty I am able to take it to a place in town to have it repaired -LRB- I live in a very small town and this is a great benefit -RRB- . Anyway , I have been so impressed with this chainsaw and have told many friends about the product and where to get it for under $ 100 ! Worth every dime and more ! NO TAX FREE SHIPPING!I have even used it with my generator when I got too far from the house for the cords to reach with no problems whatsoever.For the money you ca n't beat it.I really do n't think you will be able to find a better product for the price .
 I just opened the box , added oil , plugged it in and absolutely nothing . No indication that it even wanted to try and start moving . I 've requested a replacement against my better judgement , but based on the other reviews it only appeared that a small % of them were bad , so I took my chances . We 'll see how the replacement works.Well , a little embarrassed . I received my replacement without any hassle from Amazon , which is why I shop with them . However , the replacement had the same problem . I thought , there 's no way two could be bad . So I read the instructions again , and again . Then I found the problem , quite a few pages in after the `` Operation Instructions '' Poulan describes the brushguard brake function . The brushguard must be pulled toward the handle to start.So , I rated the product 4 stars out of sheer embarrasment , however their instruction manual gets -1 star .
 This unit performed pretty much as expected , cutting through logs up to 18 inches in diameter with relative ease . I even used the saw to cut a hollowed dead Maple tree into sections before carting it away.If one were to express any reservation about the saw it would be with regard to electricity consumption . I suspect -- but can not quantify -- that the unit consumes a good deal more energy in terms of dollar-per-hour-of-use than a comparable gas model , as evidenced by a substantial increase in the subsequent electricity bill . Any references that could confirm or refute this would be welcome .
 Ater haveing 2 gas saws that may or may not start when you need them , this saw is always ready
 Length :
 same as before . I can handle it and I am a woman . Because it is electric no motor to heft .
 My husband is too macho to use an electric chain saw so he sticks with his loud , stinky gas saw . That 's fine with me , because mine stays sharp longer since I 'm the only one using it . The saw is pretty heavy for an electric saw but it works like a trooper and you do n't have to remember to buy gas and keep gas around . It will tone up your arms while you 're trimming those trees .
 This is not a gas chainsaw , if you are going to cut trees down get a gas chainsaw.Now that that is over , this is great , I spent sunday cleaning up very large branches , some 12 + inches in diameter . Stupid hurricane . Works great.Has very little oil leakage , not bad at all , does not spray oil when in use either . Great chainsaw.For the power to weight ratio , you ca n't beat this . If you want a professional chainsaw husquavarna all the way , if you want to clean up down trees/limbs on your property Poulan electric is awesome.Now I just need a Honda generator : - -RRB-
 Excellent product as advertised ... lightning fast shipping . . very professional service ... thank you , thank you ...
 My husband 's gas-powered chain saw can be hard to start - especially on cold days . An electric chain saw can be the answer to the problem - as long as the cutting or trimming job is n't too far from home !
 Has plenty of power . Got it at a good price , and love it .
 I have had this since 2008 and it is still going strong . Great for cuttng stove wood to size . Do n't let the fact that it is electric fool you this baby has POWER !!!
 For the price I paid , this is a very handy chainsaw for backyard type chores .
 I purchased this saw to cut up fallen branches -LRB- some 6 '' dia . -RRB- and it worked like a champ . It 's easy to handle , quiet and cuts like butter .
 Received shipment in good condition prior to estimate date . Chainsaw worked great . Ready to go right out of the box , just add oil . It 's worth the extra to get an automatic oiler . Be sure to have oil as none is with the saw . The tool included for tightening the chain is a nice touch . Almost bought a smaller one , but glad I got this one . Recommend it highly .
 Very good product for around the house.Actulally I had a bad one!Amazon send me a replacement within couple days.Very please with the product and the customer service from Amazon
 I have cut up a ton of trees without any problems , so far . Will let you know more when I cut down 3 16 '' tree 's .
 I had to take a tree down in my yard and did n't want to deal with a gas operated saw -LRB- I 've had one before -RRB- . Did some research and the Poulan Pro 400E was the saw that continued to be mentioned + you ca n't beat the price . It did not disappoint . Very powerful and not as noisy as gas saw . I highly recommend this saw to a homeowner that occaionally needs a chain saw for pruning or cutting down a tree with a trunk that is 16 '' or less .
 Performs well and gets the job done . It replaced a 15 years old electric Craftsman that parts were no longer available . I was happy with purchase . Automatic oiler seems to do the job . Old one required pumping oil button .
 Used this saw for the first time the other day . The dead tree I cut was only about 10 '' in diameter on the trunk but it went through it like a cheese slicer through my favorite pepper jack ! It says 50 ' for the cord but I tried 14/3 cord @ 100 ' and it worked fine for this small job . A larger job I do n't know . So far very impressed but I have a lot more projects around the property to clean up . Very satisfied after first use
 This is an excellent tool . I have had it for five months and use it frequently . I cut large amounts of oak firewood all year around , some of which is two and more feet in diameter . This saw just keeps going hour after hour . Plenty of power . You just do n't have to worry about it.I also cut a fair amount of lumber . It will cut through a 2x12 like it were wax.The electric motor is perfect for my style of constant stop and start cutting -- no having constantly to restart a gas motor . The chain uses oil liberally but that is ok with me -- the well oiled chain seldom needs re-tensioning even after heavy use.I live in Houston and even here , electric chain saws are simply not available locally . Amazon was the only game in town for a good selection of electric chain saws.It arrived in a few days . It is plug and play . Replacement chains are readily available at Lowes/Home Depot -- although it took me days to discover this . This is my first chain saw -- I had no idea where to go for replacement chains.Now we both know.This is a great boy-toy . At a great price . I would love to have received it as a gift ... Happy sawing .
 I prefer electric chainsaws since they do n't have nearly the noise and none of the stink of a gas-powered one , which I 'll only use if I have to get farther than 100 ' from an outlet.I 've been bucking wood this fall since I got the Poulan , and it 's been trouble-free , operating just fine on a 100-foot cord on 14-16 '' oak.I 've read some reviews that suggest the saw might quit after a short bit of use , but I agree with one other reviewer who wrote that this is probably due to buyers who do n't understand the chain lock mechanism . Make sure you check that before condeming the saw . I 've also had to deal with a bad GFI breaking in my panel , which has nothing to do with the saw .
 I bought this electric chainsaw to replace a gas Craftsman chainsaw that was hard to start , stalled when you turned it at an angle , and also stalled when I wanted it to idle . This electric saw runs at the push of a button , is quieter than gas , does n't stall , and cut through my 6 '' birch like butter . It was exactly what I needed and it was cheap . Now I have to wait till the county toxic waste drop off day to dispose of the gas & oil mix from the old Craftsman . Going electric is very easy for anyone using a chainsaw within a 100 ' of an outlet . And if I do n't use it for a year I do n't have to worry about draining the gas & oil mixture , replacing the spark plug , or wondering if it will start .
 works really well and does not jam or slow on really big logs . very powerful and sharp . a little heavy but that is to be expected from a good product .
 The electric version is the best choice for us . We have many cedar trees around our 6 acre property , and this saw does the job . And right out of the box . I would buy another one without hesitation . And I would recommend this saw to my friends.About the usage of oil . Yes , you need to keep your eye on it . The reservior is not too big , so just be aware and keep it filled . I bought the gallon 30 weight oil at Walmart for about $ 8 and so what 's the big deal ? Just keep on topping it off . It 's so much fun using this electric saw.Buy some good leather gloves and eyewear.So glad we no longer have to fuss with the 2 cycle gas engines . No more mixing . No more hard starts.This is plug and go . 5 star rating . + + + + + + + + + + + + + After the review above , I purchased the Oregon S62 18-Inch Semi Chisel Chain Saw Chains.It does not fit properly . Way too much slag . Can not use . Have to use the OEM chain which works just fine . Disappointment though .
 I grabbed this saw as I was tired of watching a can of pre-mix go bad . I use this saw in conjunction with a 3700 watt portable generator for all kinds of duty -LRB- plus it 's good exercise for the generator -RRB- . If used with reasonable prudence , it WILL complete any task that you ask of it . Just be smart about the job , and large trees CAN be worked over with this saw.Oiler works nicely and the saw spins enough rpm 's to effectively clear chips from the cut . Just keep that chain sharp!Even though the extension cord sometimes gets in the way , the lightness and responsiveness of this saw makes up for this minor inconvenience.All in all , I 'm VERY pleased with this saw .
 Poulan Pro 400E 18-Inch 4.0 HP Electric Chain SawI did not expect this saw to be a replacement for my gasoline chain saw but because of how well this saw cuts , I may never use my gas saw again . I have been cutting logs up to 14 '' or 16 '' with enough ease to even go larger if I had to . The only negative is having to drag around the 12 guage extension cord and move the generator to within 100 ft of the working area . But the positives more than outweigh that one point .
 I purchased this saw to clear up after an ice storm . It was well-reviewed by Consumers Reports , so I bought it from Amazon . It did a fine job .
 So this saw is awesome for someone like me . I do n't use it very often , maybe every couple months if a tree falls or a branch or the like , maybe a little mor often in the fall and winter for some random firewood . It is great in this regard because I know if it were a gas saw I would be constantly fighting with the choke , gas/oil mix , pull cord , etc. . I love having this saw where you just pull the trigger and it goes . The one down side obviously is it needs to be plugged in so you ca n't take it somewhere -LRB- unless you had a generator , but that runs on gas so get a gas saw ? -RRB- Anyway , this is the perfect chainsaw for the average homeowner who needs to cut a few times every now and again , not all the time .
 Worth the Money . Starts and cuts as advertised , Unlike the gas version which I replaced with this . Also delivered on time ...
 I bought this chainsaw to cut up a significant amount of firewood . The majority of the pieces are trunk sections , so about three feet in diameter and solid oak . The saw does n't seem to have any trouble cutting through them , although it takes a little more time that I was expecting . I should note that I have never used a chainsaw before , gas or electric . I knew that I would only be using the saw periodically and never far from an electrical outlet . Keeping mixed gas and dealing with another small CC engine was not something I was interested in.This saw does the job and is very easy to use . If you 're not looking for something industrial grade and wo n't be too far from an electrical outlet I do n't think you can go wrong .
 I needed to cut down about 30 trees in my back and front yard . I started out using a friends chain saw . Have n't needed one for about 20 years . Got fed up with the two he loaned me , they were a husqvarna and a mcalich or something . Would n't start all the time . So I said , `` why not , I 'll try an electric chainsaw . Glad I did . It is kind of nice using a saw that runs when you need it . There is n't a tree on the property that I ca n't cut down with this thing . It works better than i ever thought an electric could . NO DOUBT i reccomend this saw . Low maintenance , light , easy to clean and you never have to use a gas/oil mix . Well worth the asking price .
 Excellent product , exceptional value.Good power and supplied with adequate chain.Have used it so far 5 times and it has exceeded my expectations .
 Lightweight but powerful for an electric . Very convenient , and nice and quiet . I like it for cutting firewood , and felling small to medium trees , but use my 20 '' Husquvarna for the big stuff
 Although I have n't used it but maybe 2 or 3 run time hours , this electric saw works great . I have a gas 18 inch that is in shop so I bought this , being kind of leery of the capabilities of an electric but was pleasantly surprised by its aggressive cutting abilities even on fairly large limbs . I have had no problems with it so far.The only issue to get used to is make sure not to run out the oil tank , which uses 30W oil .
 This is not the first electric chain saw I have had , but is the most powerful . It cuts through 12 '' logs as fast a a gas powered saw , I have also had my share of gas powered saws . The only short fall is how far from the power source can you go . I will say this saw is the best in its class .
 I originally bought the Poulan Pro 42 CC 18 '' Gas Chainsaw but after reading the reviews here I took it back without even taking it out of the case and bought this one instead . I am very glad I did . I only need a chainsaw for around the house to cut fallen trees or the odd job . So the idea of keeping a can of mixed gas and oil did n't appeal to me . Not to mention the saw would sit on the shelf for months at a time between uses and I did n't care for the starting problems or engine repairs of a gas chainsaw . However I was worried that this electric chainsaw would not be powerful enough . I had 2 fallen trees with a bases of about 15 inches that I needed to cut into firewood immediately . This chainsaw performed perfectly . I realize that it was new so the chain was nice and sharp but it still had no problem cutting through everything quickly . I loved being able to start it and stop it at will without the hassle of priming a gas engine or overheating problems or running out of gas or messing with the choke . I stopped whenever I felt like it and came in the house for a drink of water . Went right back out and with just a squeeze of the trigger was back to cutting again . I have a perfectly cut half cord of firewood in just a few hours . Amazon delivered the saw to my doorstep in 7 days with the free shipping . The saw did not come with a case or chain oil so I had to make a quick run to the store for some oil . I was happy to see that the saw used almost a quart of chain oil for the 2 trees . This told me that chain stayed nice and wet . Afterwards I spent about 10 minutes cleaning the saw back up like new and put it back on my shelf for the next time . It only took removing the two lugs and the chain and bar came right off for cleanup . Nice job Poulan .
 As long as you can use it within extension cord reach , this is a great tool . the chain oiler is very good - the chain is always nice and wet without spraying oil , which is exactly the way I like it . And , of course with electric , there 's no gas mixing and start up problems , and the saw is considerably quieter and lighter than a comparable 2-cycle powered tool . But , keep in mind , this is not a toy -- lighter saws can kickback easier , but on the otherhand they are easier to control as well.Regarding the extension cord , I was worried that 4HP -LRB- 4HP = 2984W = 27A @ 110V -RRB- would draw a lot of current . But I 've had no problem using my regular old orange 14ga 100 ' outdoor extension cord . It seems to work just fine , and does n't get warm even after an extended duty cycle . The saw only draws full power under extreme motor loading situations -- like if the chain is binding or dull or something ...
 This is a great little saw and a real value at the price.It 's powerful enough for the typical yard cleanup jobs you run into , and it 's clean and easy to use , since all you have to worry about is keeping the chain oil reservoir full . This is NOT a production-style saw that you can take into the woods and cut fire wood . It 's a yard maintenance tool -- and a good one.This saw more than justifies the `` Best Buy '' rating Consumer Reports gave it . I 'm very glad I bought it , and I 'd do it again .
 YOU MAY NOTICE THAT ABOUT 90 % OF THE REVIEWS FOR THIS SAW ARE GUSHING WITH PRAISE , AND THE REMAINING 10 % SAY SOMETHING LIKE `` QUIT WORKING AFTER 20 MINUTES . '' WELL , I THINK I HAVE SOLVED THE MYSTERY ... TURNS OUT , UNLIKE MOST ELECTRIC CHAINSAWS , IT HAS A `` CHAIN BRAKE '' WHICH IS DESIGNED TO STOP THE SAW QUICKLY IF YOU BUMP IT , AS YOU MIGHT IF YOU LOST CONTROL OF IT . UNFORTUNATELY , SOME OWNER 'S MANUALS DO N'T SHOW THE CHAIN BRAKE IN THE DIAGRAM , IT REFERS TO IT AS A `` HAND GUARD . `` ALSO , THE TROUBLESHOOTING SECTION DOES N'T MENTION TO CHECK THE CHAIN BRAKE -LRB- I.E. , HAND GUARD -RRB- POSITION EITHER . TO USE , IT NEEDS TO BE PULLED TOWARDS THE USER.I WAS PERPLEXED DURING MY FIRST USE WHY AN EXCELLENT SAW JUST DIED . I CALLED AMAZON AND THEY PROMPTLY SENT A REPLACEMENT . WHILE I WAS WAITING FOR IT TO ARRIVE , I TOOK ANOTHER LOOK AT THE `` DEFECTIVE '' SAW AND REALIZED THE HAND GUARD HAD MOVED FORWARD , ENGAGING THE BRAKE.THIS IS AN EXCELLENT SAFETY FEATURE FOUND ON ALL GAS SAWS , BUT I WOULD HAZARD A GUESS THAT MOST OF THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS ARE THE RESULT OF A DEFECTIVE OWNER 'S MANUAL , NOT A DEFECTIVE UNIT , SO CHECK THIS OUT BEFORE RETURNING YOURS TO AMAZON!AS FOR THE SAW , I LOVE IT . I 'VE USED MANY GAS AND ELECTRIC CHAINSAWS OVER THE YEARS AND THIS IS BY FAR THE BEST ELECTRIC SAW I 'VE EVER OWNED . IT IS QUIET , POWERFUL AND AFTER FAIRLY STEADY USE , HAS YET TO REQUIRE CHAIN RE-TENSIONING . I 'VE OWNED REMINGTON SAWS THAT WERE PRETTY GOOD EXCEPT FOR THE TENSIONER.THIS SAW DOES AN EXCELLENT JOB OF LUBRICATING THE CHAIN . JUST BE SURE TO EMPTY IT WHEN YOU 'RE DONE SO IT DOES N'T DRIP DURING STORAGE.UPDATE
 I do a LOT of wood cutting and I mainly use two of these electric saws . I only pull out the gas saws if I have to go far away . I 've downed 4 foot diameter trees with these saws . Here are some tips : - use heavy duty 12 gauge extention cords for 100 feet or more . I regularly use 2 of them connected together for 200 ' reach.-keep it more than 1/3 full of oil and fill it up before you cut through sappy wood like pine . A stuck chain will strip the ring gear.-the aftermarket Oregon chains work a little better than the Poulan chain.-watch out for pinched chains . It will stip the ring gear.-keep the chain sharp ! I sharpen about every 2-3 oil fills . I use a diamond rotory file on my dremel . Works awesome . Be sure to lower the ramp in front of the cutting tooth as you sharpen it down so you have goood `` bite '' . The good thing about electric saws is that you have incredible torque . I mean you can just lean on your saw and cut through wood like butter . The bad thing is that if you bind the chain , it will likely strip the ring gear since it 's made of plastic . There is no clutch like on a gas saw . Go easy when cutting sticky wood or really hard wood . Use a plastic wedge to hold open long cuts that might bind.If you do strip the ring gear , you can replace it , but it is n't easy to get the saw back together again properly . They are only $ 13 from Poulan . There are a lot of screws and some of them are hidden . Watch out for the washer under the ring gear . You have to be sure to put the oil line back into the slot so it does n't rub on the ring gear . Took me awhile to figure out why oil was pouring out from my saw after I put it back together . The oil line is easily damaged by the ring gear if it touches it . Get a new $ 2 drive sprocket before you use the Oregon chains and replace them every once in awile . Getting the torsion spring on the hand guard is n't easy . Set the chain brake `` on '' before you take the saw apart.I 've cut probably 20 cords of wood with these saws and gone through 6 chains and 8 ring gears . Good luck !
 A big tree limp fell in my backyard . Tree removal companies wanted $ 350 to remove it . Decided to buy a chain saw and do it my self . I 've never used a chain saw before and was intimidated by the gas powered ones . Bought the Poulan based on the positive reviews and it works great . Easily cut through over 14 '' of wood and not that scary to use . I saved my self a few hundred dollars and have some wood for the winter . Might keep it or sell it on Craigslist .
 Made short work of a ficus tree about 15 '' across.Easy to use , and great power . Hard to believe that it is an electric . Used other electric saws in the past that could not hold a flame to this one.I can think of no drawbacks to this product
 I was in the market for a chainsaw . I chose an electric over a gas one simply because I did not feel like I would use it enough to warrant owning a gas powered one and its associated problem when left unused for long periods of time -LRB- gas varnishing , carb issues , etc -RRB- . I had my heart set on `` The Big Cut '' Ryobi 18 '' electric one from Home depot -LRB- Model #
 I love this electric chainsaw . It starts everytime . No more pulling and pulling trying to get it to start . No more issues with carbureator rebulding . And with 4HP , it has plenty of power & speed to match those $ 200 gas models at Home Depot , Lowes , etc. . It 's more than just a limb saw . I used it to cut down several good size trees up to 2 ' in diameter plus cut up the trunk for removal from the property . For many homeowner users , this will be a great choice for a general purpose chain saw . Only negative is no case -LRB- just a plastic sleeve for the chain -RRB- . But still a strong value for the $ .
 My McCullough 2 cycle gas saw was always a pain to start and I did n't like the gas fumes . The primer ball teared and the saw would n't idle and stalled . I looked around for a low cost electric and found this . This saw is much lighter and easier to handle than the gas saw -LRB- it 's also much quieter -RRB- . I was quite surprised how well it cut and was impressed that it had no problem going through a 14 '' diameter limb that fell off a large maple tree during a storm . I made quick work of the limb and put the saw back on the garage shelf where it will stay until the next storm and fallen limb needs removed . The gas saw found itself in the garbage can !
 Chain saw worked well for my ice carving but was a little noiser than I expected . I will know more about its performance as I do more carvings for outdoor exhibitions and demonstrations .
 Could n't ask more from a saw this cheap !! Excellent for round-the-house jobs . I would recommend this saw to anyone .
 Very nice chain saw . Started working right oout of the box and has helped me cut down a fair amount of trees / logs over the years . I daresay it could probably do bigger trees as well , but I have only ventured upto trees about 6 inches across , more or less . The only drawback is the electric cord , which doesnt have a hook or something to keep it in place during reasonable usage . Other than that , works like a charm . Liked this so much that I ended up buying the same brand snow thrower as well , which is also great . All in all , Poulan Pro seems to make good products .
 Just keep it filled w / chain oil and occasionally tighten the chain -LRB- a couple of times in first 15 minutes of use , then check it before each use -RRB- . I got it out of box , got it ready and used it long before it would have taken me to even get my gas one started . Cuts good and is heavy enough to let eat through your wood .
 I do n't have any prior experience with chainsaws , so I ca n't really comment about how this item compares with other chainsaws . With that said , this item works great for my use . It 's only been a few days , but I 've been cutting and trimming trees with this chainsaw without any problems . The chainsaw is easy to use and maneuver . I 've been cutting tree trunks with a diameter of 1.5 ft without any issues.Full day rental at my local hardware store is $ 55 , so I figured I 'd just pay a bit more and get my own . Glad I did!Be sure to grab some chainsaw oil because the item does n't come with it . I had to make a quick run after opening the box to get some .
 I was hoping to get a chain saw that could handle my Chinese Tallow tree 's 24 '' diameter trunk . All I can say is WOW ! The 18 '' bar made the job much easier than anticipated . I was pleasantly surprised how quickly I was able to fell and buck the tree . The Poulan 18 '' 4HP Electric Chain Saw 's automatic oiling system worked flawlessly . I did use quite a bit of chain oil , but the saw never seemed to be straining to do its job and the blade held up quite well.I first connected a # 12 wire gauge 50 foot extension cord from the power supply to make sure I had plenty of amperage available . From there I used a 25 foot # 14 wire gauge cord so if I should accidentally cut the cord , I would n't have to replace the expensive # 12 50 foot cord . There was no noticeable drop in saw power or efficiency.As of this writing , I have used the Poulan to also fell a Pine tree with a 20 '' diameter base using the same blade . So , for the cost of a saw , chain oil , and an extra blade , I have saved about $ 800 or more that I was quoted for the removal of 2 trees.One last thought . I always remove the chain , thoroughly clean the assembly and reassemble it after every use . This is especially important if you do as I do and use the chain saw to cut the huge tree roots when removing the stump . I know it 's not recommended to use the chain saw near dirt , but I clean off as much dirt from the roots as I can before cutting . And I ALWAYS use a worn -LRB- not dull -RRB- chain for root cutting .
 Bought this to cut down some 5-8 '' buckthorn trees , did about 5 pretty quickly . Had n't anticipated a 60-80 year old , 22 '' round oak going down in the front garden during a rain storm . Used the Poulan to cut through an entire oak tree and it did the job very well . Had to use a lot of oil also needs a sharpening tool . Both can be bought at Walmart for about $ 6 for the 2 stroke oil for a quart and the sharpener , which is a angled file that sharpens the curve and straight edge of the chain for about $ 10 . Do n't usually do reviews and go off other people 's advice - so impressed with this I thought I 'd share .
 Saw works really well as long as your job is not too demanding . The mechanism that holds the motor brushes is made of plastic and when it becomes overheated it melts . This causes the brushes to move to a nonfunctional position and the motor stops .
 When I am looking for something , whether it is for myself or my husband , I look for several things before I push the Add-to-Cart button . And in these tough economic times , the last thing you want to do is throw away your money.So , here goes my review . First this chainsaw had a great price and with the Amazon Prime , we received it in just a couple of days . We had a Craftsmen gas powered style , which my husband just found annoying to use . The starting of it was temperamental , the weight was cumbersome and the running to buy gas and the special additive was just a pain.Second , we had already purchased a smaller 16 inch electric Remington chainsaw and he wanted another one with a longer chain and more power.Third , he found this one easy to use right-out of the box . The much lighter weight allows him to cut more wood , because you are not fighting fatigue . A much easier start-up , just the push of a button and its running and also a useful sight-glass for the chain oil.Fourth , the electric is much quieter than the gas ones.And just for your information , my husband likes to split wood , with a maul ax . He only uses the chainsaw on really difficult pieces and I do mean difficult . His biggest challenges in our neck of the woods is Eucalyptus . It is very hard wood and very heavy and both of our electric chainsaws have worked great.He has replaced the chain on the Remington once , but has not had to change the one on the Poulan yet and he has been using it , mostly on the weekends for over 6 months now .
 This Poulan chain saw is great.Worked flawlessly right out of box.Very good saw for price . Plenty of power & works well plugged into 100 ' 12/3 cord .
 Right out of the box this unit had the power to cut about 1/2 cord of wood to length for my stove . While I like the light weight and power -LRB- I am used to a big 58cc gas saw with a 20 `` bar -RRB- the chain does not seem as aggressive as my other saws . I am sure my neighbors liked the fact that I did not have my gas saw out ... After an initial cut time of about 15 minutes , I tightened the chain and it seemed to be fine through the rest of the cut . The auto oiler works to the point that it seems to have too much oil coming out and this , combined with the chips and sawdust , required a complete teardown and cleaning after I was finished . The plug did not have any type of connector to keep the extension attached and even with the typical jury-rig of knotting the plugs I still had it come apart from time to time . The chain brake works well and I did not have any kickback problems in hard or soft wood . It looks like some routine maintenance and keeping the chain sharp will keep this saw going for a long while .
 Bought this saw expecting to ruin it cutting crossties for a landscaping project . But was I surprised -- this chainsaw outperforms more expensive gas chainsaws that I own . None of the hard starting , gas-mix problems , etc. . This saw has the power , chain design , and cutting power to keep the gas models on the shelf . I rather use a remote generator if I have to in order to use this saw . I was expecting a wimp of a tool with a short life -- but this one is a `` for real '' chainsaw !
 I bought this saw because it was reasonably priced and had very good reviews . I am glad I did . I had a big pine stump left in my front yard where I had a tree taken out a couple of years ago . It was about 17 '' in diameter and a couple of feet high and had been hidden in an azalea bed . The 400e had no trouble with it even though the stump was still very dense and heavy with sap . This saw chewed it up with very little effort , even when I had to squat at weird angles and cut sideways . It was over pretty quickly thank goodness . Plenty of power for the job . Only one small beef - no case . I would have paid another $ 20 or so to get a nice case or zip bag for storage . The plastic bar sheath is hilarious . Also , watch your extension cord lengths . I originally bought a 100 ' cord . When I saw the 400e 's user guide did not recommend cords over 50 ' , I bought a 50 ' 12 gauge cord . The freaking thing would not reach my target by about 4 ' - can you believe that ? I kept it anyway and decided to use the 100 ' cord after all since other reviewers commented that they went this route and had no trouble . No problems on my end either - no power loss or heating up . The longer cord worked just fine . I highly recommend this saw - the 8 lb . weight is great as well when you 're working on a big job ...
 I was very pleasantly surprised at the power this saw actually has . I have & use my 18 '' gas powered chainsaw but wanted one a little bit easier to use , however , I was concerened about the power of an electric one . This saw is AWESOME !!! The only thing I would change is the chain cover that comes with it . WHAT A JOKE ! It 's a cheap piece of plastic about as thick as a sandwich baggie . I guess safety was n't a concern when they designed that . Other than that , this is a great saw .
 Excellent powerful chain saw . Only minor complaint is owner 's manual does not recommend using the saw with an extension cord over 50 feet . I have very successfully used it in heavy duty operation with 300 feet of heavy duty outdoor extension cord . Highly recommended .
 Right out of the box this saw impresses . Filled the tank with oil -LRB- about 8 oz . -RRB- , and felled/chopped 2 30 ' trees in about 20 minutes.It really likes to drink the oil , it used about 3/4 -7 / 8 of the tank in the process of taking the 2 trees down and making firewood.The chain needed tensioning every few minutes , but it was easy as any other saw . It came with a T-handle tool with a socket on one side and a flat headed screwdriver on the other . I expect the chain to stabilize shortly.The stock chain is n't very aggressive , but it does n't slack at cutting speed either.Just make sure you have plenty of oil on hand -LRB- 2 qts for a long day of cutting -RRB- and a spare chain handy.Have ordered the case for said saw -LRB- poulan case . . it DOES NOT FIT in the Northern Tool / Husq cube looking case -LRB- tried at Northern tool today -RRB- -RRB- . Edit : Having ordered the Poulan `` Fits All '' case , it does not , in fact , `` Fit All . `` It may `` fit all '' gas powered units . . but.The case needs to have part of the innards removed so the saw fits down inside sitting neatly . It 's not hard to remove , a simple razor knife does the job , but it 's annoying .
 I wanted to get a chain saw and spoke to a friend who reccommended buying an electric one . It was the best advice I have gotten in a long time . Gas powered string trimmers and lawnmowers are great until they stop running - then they are a hassle to have to fix . I went on Consumer Reports and this model was one of the highest rated models listed . This thing is great . I used it all day cutting back some unruly trees in my front yard . Some of the branches I cut of where pretty thick . It did everything I needed it to do .
 Having worked in logging for 25 plus years and owning other electric chainsaws over the years for various projects around the house . I at present time own 3 other smaller electric chainsaws . I bought this Poulan Pro 18 inch chainsaw to cut some larger trees that the bar and chain would barely reach through from one side of tree . This chainsaw has plenty of power to cut through the trees with no trouble at all . If your chain is sharp , you will have no problems at all with this chainsaw . I was totally please with it 's operation . I recommend this chainsaw to anyone that needs a electric chainsaw without the mess of a gas powered engine .
 I had checked out several saws in this category and am VERY glad I settled on this one . PLENTY of power ! Was a bit surprised to see a smaller 5/32 '' chain on it but it does fine -LRB- being careful to MAKE it cut in a flat plane and NOT a curved cut -RRB- . I have used it to cut firewood and downed trees/limbs up to 2 ' in dia . with complete satisfaction . I use a 100 ' 14-gauge cord on a 20-amp circuit with no promblems . :D Highly recommend it !
 Really impressed how easily this went from the box to the tree . Cut easily through 8 inch limbs . MUCH easier than maintaining a gas saw when you only use it once in a while . Highly recommend this one .
 I purchased the 403E back in March , 2010 for just under $ 90 . Did the requisite research at reputable review sites prior to making my purchase . I 've used gas saws and this electric version does not disappoint . This is a solid , well-made piece of equipment that is approximately 34 inches in length . I 've used it to cut down and trim into manageable pieces , a 20 foot tall red oak tree that was over 12 inches thick in places . Also used it to cut down to the ground a large number of sizeable bushes . When the chain came off -LRB- not the saw 's fault , I blame it on my not tensioning it correctly -RRB- it was very easy to put back on . Loosen a couple of bolts , lift the plate off , slip the chain back on and retension the fine tuning screw a few turns -- which took me about 3-5 minutes to do -- really simple . I have no regrets having purchased this equipment -- other than wishing that I had bought it several years earlier as it has saved me a LOT of hard work and time . Definitely would recommend this item to others who need a medium duty , in the back yard-use saw .
 My husband says the Poulan Pro 400E , purchased at Amazon , is quite powerful and easily cuts through 6 '' to 12 '' logs of Cherry , Black Walnut and Maple . He has an 18 '' gas chain saw that is very tempormental , so the Poulan is a change of pace with it 's plug and go operation . He mounted his generator on the rear scoop of his Ford 9N tractor for use way back in the woods - works out fine . The auto oiler also seems to work O.K. Good value for the price .
 I have owned several gas chain saws over the years and they always work well if you use them on a continual basis . Like most home owners once you are done with what you got it fore the chain saw can sit for months , or even years before you use it again . What a problem ! I would always have to rebuild the carburetor , or clean the sludge , or varnish from the gas lines . Clean or replace the spark plug . Even after a few hours of work the gas chain saw for some reason would be hard to start . So when I needed my chain saw to work it would not answer the call , so I decided to look for an electric chain saw to cut the trees that came down when a big wind storm came my way.After many hours of research , I decided to give the Poulan Pro 400ES a whirle . To my not so surprising amazement it started the first time I pulled the trigger , and every time I needed it after that . I have cut more than 7 cords of wood in the past week and no problems . Some of the pieces are more than 3 feet wide and this thing has cut through it faster than any saw I have ever used . The trees were Oak and Pine , and it worked flawlessly . I have not had any of the reported problems that others have written about in their reviews . I use a 100ft , 12g extension cord . I have a generator I used at a friends house to help with his wind blown tree damage and it worked perfectly.I still have my gas chain saw and I will rebuild the carburetor again and get it back in working order , so I can sell it on Craigslist . I highly recommend this electric chain saw especially for home use . I have bought 4 more to give as Christmas gifts . I could not be happier !!!
 This saw performed better than I expected . Has plenty of power and is easy to handle . I have never owned an electric chian saw and was skeptical.Cut smaller logs with ease and larger ones with minimal effort . Well worth the money .
 After the recent windstorms in the San Gabriel Valley -LRB- 12/2011 -RRB- , just about everyone had a tree or 2 down , not to mention all of the other destruction.I had one tree that fell . It was an old rotted orange tree.Didn ' t need the wind to bring it down.So I tried to use an axe and a hand saw on it . Orange wood is really hard stuff , but my new chain saw worked great.I think I had most of it chopped up in the same time I thought about using my axe!Put a little oil in the reservoir and you are up and cutting . Oh yeah , plug it in !! Much better than a gas saw as you do n't have the messy fuel/oil mix and clogging after not using it for a year or 2 . So if you cut once in a while , get an electric.It is a little messy because of the automatic oiler that mixes with the wood chips and drips , but just pop off the cover with the supplied wrench and wipe it down.I tell you , its a lot easier than choppin wood with an axe , and worth the 5 minutes to clean it afterwords!Oh , as long as you has access to 120vac . If you are out in the woods , than its not going to work well !
 The Halloween 2011 snow storm took down a bunch of small trees in my yard . I have never used or owned a chainsaw . I did n't want a gas saw where you have to worry about oil/gas mix so I went with an electric saw.This saw is ready to go , right out of the box . Just add oil , check the chain , plug it in , and you are ready to go . I easily took down and cut up 2 birch trees -LRB- 6-10 inch base -RRB- and a dogwood tree -LRB- 7 inch base -RRB- within a few hours . I did not find the chainsaw used much oil and did not have to add any oil during use.Great saw , excellent price , easy to use for both women and men . You wo n't be disappointed .
 I have had this in the box for some months now . Was reluctant to get to the job of cutting up several fallen trees on my property . Was n't expecting too much from it , but was influenced by the number of positive responses . So , I headed out back and proceeded to cut away . The only thing that prevented me from cutting down all the trees on my property is the local ordinances protecting them . I did n't want to put the saw down . What power and the ease of cutting was superb . So smooth and quick . Yes , I know the cutting chain is new , but after 12 ten-inch trunk trees , the chain was cutting as though it was just out of the box . Loved it and would buy another one if had to . Good Luck !
 I 'm sure the most common concern for long time gas powered saw users such as myself is `` will it have enough power ? '' . The answer is yes , unless you are a logger , this thing has plenty . I 've been cutting some fairly dense russian olive wood and this saw melts right though . My only issue was that I have always used motor oil as a bar lube -LRB- used motor oil actually , and never had a problem -RRB- but when I tried it with this saw it simply refused to pump the oil . After switching to the Poulan bar oil , it works like a charm . I recommend using hearing protection , its not overly loud , but I do n't want to end up as one of those guys who always says `` whats that ? '' . I love this saw .
 This particular Poulan electric is an excellent tool . It can quickly dispatch and process real trees . It 's surprisingly light and well-balanced . For heavy work ... whether pulling from an AC outlet or a generator ... be sure to use a short , heavy -LRB- 10 or 12-gauge -RRB- power cord because its motor is capable of drawing some serious current if the blade starts bogging down for some reason . For light duty work like pruning , a general-purpose outdoor extension cord -LRB- 14-gauge -RRB- will probably suffice .
 It just works . Easy to use and refill oil . Works great for around the house .
 This was my second unit . The first was replaced by Amazon which was awesome . This is the perfect saw for trimming and cutting up downed trees .
 Pleasantly surprised . I expected more of a toy than a tool . This is a real value .
 This saw has plenty of power for the type of cutting I do . I use it to cut up deadfalls and broken branches for outdoor camp fires , and it works great for this .
 I had to cut up a wind-downed Ponderosa Pine approximately 14 '' diameter trunk with 6 '' -10 '' limbs . I have a Husquvarna gas saw that I was constantly repairing and as usual it would n't stay running when I started this project . In frustration I thought I would give an electric a try and the Poulan handled the job without a single problem . Although I have only used it this one time so far , in my opinion , for the active homeowner this saw is a perfect choice . Simple to use , more than adequate power and easy to clean . A real value . The blade cover is laughable but there are several after market choices including a $ 30.00 case from Poulan .
 This is really a great chain saw . I cut five trees down with it and it had plenty of power to do the job with ease . The saw is well made handles easily and being electric all you do is add oil and never have to worry about it starting .
 We purchased the first of these in a refurbished unit and did quite a bit of work on it before it started having trouble . The repair was minor but the bench fee was nearly the price of replacing so went ahead and bought a 2nd one - used the chain etc from the first as spares . Pleased with the purchse . For a fraction of the cost of having tree trimmers come out for one visit this gets the job done fast . Strong enough to make quick work of most jobs plus , living in a hurricane prone state means we often need to remove limbs , large branches or even trees that come down during a storm . Rather than wait days or even weeks - this allows us to move about the yard without danger . A must own - great price . reliable product .
 I 've always used a gas powered Homelite so I was a little wary of an electric , but the convenience factor took over -- I never run out of gas , I never have to pull a starter -LRB- my Homelite 's starter cord kept coming out -RRB- . Surprisingly the Poulan is heavier than my old Homelite , which is why I only gave 4 stars -LRB- plus , I really need to be aware of where my extension cord is so I do n't cut it in half -RRB- . Otherwise it is great -- cuts well , acts like a regular chainsaw . I did buy from Amazon rather than a discounter , private party , or refurbisher because some of the other reviewers indicated that their saws just quit working at some point . Amazon has a great return policy . I 'm knocking on wood but , so far , it 's working great !
 I just used the saw to cut a 180-year old oak tree -LRB- over 30 inches in diameter -RRB- . A tree professional helped me to fell it to the ground . I saw it into little pieces . Surprising , it is up to the job . A little tip for anyone who may use the saw
 Works right out of the box . I was up and running in 5 minutes . Cut down a large cherry tree with ease . It does go through the chain oil , so keep an eye on this . I even had it 25 ' up in a willow tree trimming off a 25 + '' diameter branch . I have owned 2 gas powered chainsaws before this . After 6 or so years they get to be a pain and you have to spend a good deal of $ $ to fix them , or buy new . Now I just plug and play .
 I was doubtful about electric vs. gas for a chainsaw , but I read the other reviews and decided to give electric a try . I just received this chainsaw yesterday to clear larger tree limbs that had fallen due to a severe storm . The chainsaw had plenty of power and was ready to go out of the box except for lacking chain oil which I got ahead of time since I had already read a review that mentioned the oil was not included . I did not need the 18 inch bar but decide to get it since the price was about the same as a 16 inch bar . I am glad I got the 18 inch bar since I now realize this chainsaw is only limited by the extension cord rather than the power of the chainsaw . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have used this saw to cut down some 30-40 ' birch trees in my back yard without too much trouble . I did have the chain come off a few times , but I think it was my fault for not tightening it enough after the first few uses . The blade cover is a joke like others have said ... quite flimsy , almost looks like something you are supposed to throw away -LRB- packaging -RRB- .
 Based on some consumer reviews and other experiences I had with Poulan products , I purchased this item . It arrived in 2 days which was amazing to begin with . Great job.This saw performed flawlessly right out of the box , not 1 adjustment needed . On the first day of use , I was cutting wood for about 4 to 6 hours and I cut some pretty big trees . Not one problem , it was perfect . What else can I say . I read some other stories where people had some big problems but I guess I was lucky , good karma.I think , no , I will be purchasing the gas powered 20 '' Poulan in another couple of weeks . I expect it to perform the same way .
 Being a new homeowner with 5 + acres . Mostly wooded . I did n't realise how important having a chain saw would be.Over the past three years . I have had the odd tree fall down or lean in a way that made them somewhat dangerous . So I have rented gas powered chain saws to ease the problem.Was not to happy with them . Trying to figure out gas/oil ratios . Having to prime before cranking and sometime not having them start.This past winter I had 8 trees come down and decided it was probably time to get a chain saw . Read good comments on the Poulan 18 '' Pro . So divied up and bought one.Have cut up ALL eight trees . Each with at least 24 '' diameter . Used about a gallon of chain oil but have n't had to replace or sharpen the chain yet.A great investment and I would highly recommend the Poulan 18 '' pro elactric chain saw for any homeowner in need of such a piece of equipment.S . Staniforth
 This chainsaw has plenty of power and runs quieter than gas powered models . Chain keeps well oiled . My doubting father-in-law was impressed . He came over to help fell a dead walnut tree with two of his chainsaws and we did n't pick up either . This one did the job all by itself ! Definitely a good buy .
 I got fed up with my old gas chainsaw and decided most of my cutting would be done close enough to AC that I could live with an electric model . This Poulan saw has more power and is easier to use than my gas saw ever was , even new . The saw looks like it will be as durable but only time will tell . I started using it right after I got it and so far my impression is that I made the right decision to buy this model .
 Awesome enough said . Takes down trees like nothing , 50 + footers . You will not be disapointed . It 's unstoppable ! Ash trees , oak trees like butter .
 When we decided to remove a 16 inch round tree from the end of the driveway a few weeks ago , my husband struggled with his 8 inch chain saw to remove the smaller limbs but was confounded as to how he was going to remove the trunk . The almost new but unreliable , leaky gas powered chain saw was out of commission so I looked on Amazon and found this Poulan electric . This is a fabulous little saw and never even balked at the trunk . It did an amazing job finishing off the trunk and even cut the rest of the debris into manageable pieces.This is a very quality product for the money and will be used a lot in the future but I was so grateful to have this messy tree finally away from the driveway.Considering that we were running this saw off a generator , when he hit large , wet sections of the tree , there was no hesitation on the part of the saw . It did the job and the blade stayed self lubricated , which is a wonderful feature . Our old one has to be primed all the time.As a wife , I highly recommend this saw for any tree job for your husband .
 Lots bad reviews on this chainsaw ; yet I wanted to be a believer -- mainly because it was such good value . Well , I saw one review stating that many people who are running into the problem of chainsaw suddenly not working is due to the safety bar being set . I was sold ! And hoped that this guy 's review was correct . My own review ? I LOVE IT!I have a 1.5 hp 12 '' elec. chainsaw , and it just was n't big enough for me to cut down my tree.This chainsaw is plenty powerful enough to cut down a 30 ' sycamore tree with trunk base radius of 36 '' . WhooRah !
 I had the 10 '' Poulan pole saw and it cut so good I thought I would give this 18 '' a try . I have been very impressed . It has good power and cuts great . Also , no cranking just plug it in and start cutting . The automatic oiler works well too .
 excellent saw lots of power , well built , cuts wood as well as saws costing much more . five stars from me ! Mike Roy
 Every year when I need to use my chainsaw , I have to take it to a shop for `` maintenance '' which costs me $ 80.00 / service . With this plug-in electric saw , all I have to do is keep the chain oil container filled . The Poulan works as good as the gas powered saw I had , but after paying $ 80.00 for the new saw I am done paying . I whish I had realized this $ 800.00 -LRB- or 10 years -RRB- ago !
 I got this chainsaw because Consumer Reports listed it as a best buy and it did not disappoint . I have used it to take down a couple of medium sized trees in my yard and it worked great .
 Powerful , sharp and easy to use . This saw is exactly what I wanted . The instruction manual that comes with the saw even taught me a few things about how to use the saw and how to fell trees safely .
 Hi . Allow me to introduce myself . I live in a remote village located in the rural outskirts of Spain . It 's a nice little place , and me and my people have thrived there for countless generations.Lately , however , an American agent of some sort has shown up . He seems to be looking for some missing girl judging from the picture he once showed us . Now , I 'm not gon na lie , my people are aggressive . We 're not infected monsters or anything like that , we 're just aggressive . So , when the agent kept trying to break the language barrier and inform us of this missing girl , one of villagers kinda lashed out a little . I do n't think that justifies a gunshot to the head.So , the agent gave up on communicating with us and is now just killing on sight . I took refuge in my barn and thought desperately of a way to dispose of this American . A few minutes later and I had devised a genius plan . I opened my tool shed and got out my Poulan Pro 400E . Just holding it made me feel stronger ! And then , almost without thinking , I emptied out a nearby sack of flour and placed it over my head . I do n't know why I did this , but I realized how menacing I would look once I poked eye holes out of it.There I was , with my Poulan Pro 400E , ready to bust some heads . Finding the American agent was easy , all I had to do was follow the sound of gunshots . I eventually found him capping my people outside the chief 's home . I revved up my Poulan Pro 400E and began my pursuit . The second he heard this baby running he got a terrified look on his face . He quickly switched his handgun out in favor of a machine gun and pointed it my way . Ha ! Those puny bullets merely tickled my body ! It was as if I had became three times stronger just by holding my Poulan Pro 400E . The agent ran out of ammunition and switched back to his handgun . This time he took careful aim at my sack-covered face . I was amazed , the flour sack provided protection from the bullets , so much that they did n't even phase me.As I approached ever nearer , the agent turned and headed upstairs . I can only assume he ran out of ammo and began searching for the many boxes of ammunition that we villagers like to randomly place . I followed his trail up the stairs and caught him with his back turned . This was it . I lunged as fast as I could towards him , and he turned around just a moment too late . He was now on the receiving end of my Poulan Pro 400E with a look of pure pain on his face . After seconds of futile resistance , his head was sawed off with a nice clean cut . It dropped and bounced on the floor , much like how his limp body did soon afterward.That 's my story . What it all boils down to is this ; No matter the situation , a good Poulan Pro 400E can always help . It most certainly helped me !
 I received my saw today ... money well spent . I opened the box , checked the chain , filled it with oil and went to work !!! Having read all the reviews submitted made my decision - an excellent decision it was , from the selections offered . Poulan is apparently affiliated with Husqvarna and so you get two great companies giving you a great chainsaw . Ron
 Chews through trees and wood like butter!Don ' t forget to buy chain and bar oil . It is cheaper to buy it at a hardware store so that you avoid the shipping charge .
 After the heavy ice storm in Oklahoma I had a ton of tree limbs to cut , but did n't want to mess with a gas chainsaw . This one did great with all sizes of limbs , the chain kept lubed extremely well , and the recommendation to check the chain after running a short time was indeed true because it did need to be tightened a little , but that was easy ! Would buy it again !
 This saw does everything I need it to do and does it well .
 The saw I got before this one was a peice of junk . This one is as good as any gas chain -LRB- I have 3 -RRB- saw as long as you have a LONG ext. cord or a mobil AC gen.
 This is a great chainsaw . I had no problem cutting trees down . The saw has plenty of power .
 There really is nothing I dislike about this chain saw . I bought it to replace a cheap electric chain saw . If you use it for a long time it will get too hot and the thermal shutdown will stop it from running for a while . I would guess it took an hour or more to become too hot . I was cutting thick logs and that really works the motor hard .
 The key to know is that you can run it with 100 ft of electric cord -LRB- proper heavy gauge as recommended -RRB- . I checked with Sears -LRB- this is the same as a model they sell under a different name -RRB- and the wise old techy said 100 ft. not a problem.He was right.Just remember , in comparing cost to gas powered models , that 100 feet of extension cord will run $ 100 or more , if I remember correctly -LRB- shop around -RRB- . I got two 50ft cords , makes it a little easier to deal with when I 'm cutting closer to an outlet.Have used gas models in the past , and do n't notice any difference in cutting power or speed between this electric and the gas models.Been using this for a couple of years . We 're in the northeast , had many trees down from August 2011 hurricane , October 2011 ice storm , and now Sandy . This saw eats up everything , easy to use . Have also used it to take down some good sized trees . Does n't seem to need any sharpening so far . Just cuts and cuts and cuts . Very happy customer !!!
 I had quite a few tree limbs fall recently in a storm , so i decided to give this saw a try . it works much better than i hoped . it cut through those tree limbs like they were not even there !! i ` ve also used it on my neighbors fallen limbs , and she was very grateful .
 How could you pass up a deal where they deliver it to your door cheaper than you can get it at Sears or Lowes or Home Despot - all less than a mile away . Bye-Bye Brick and Mortar ...
 I 've used this saw a few times and it is a pleasure to use.It 's one of those rare cases when you are happy with your purchase and feel like you received good value for your dollar .
 I love it . I used it to cut down a 4 ' diameter palm tree that had died 2 years earlier . It has plenty of power and never jammed , even cutting the weird wooded palm tree stump .
 I live in Colorado where we get high winds several times a year and then have to deal with fallen limbs from mature maple trees in our yard . The Poulan Pro 400E has plenty of torque to cut through the hard maple wood and cuts through pine trees like butter . Good for around the yard or wherever you have 115 volts AC available . I 've been told that it 's sacrilege to own an electric chainsaw by macho men , but I can deal with that pain .
 Looks and runs like brand new , could not be more pleased . Should be thru cleaninglimbs and brush in a few days .
 Surprisingly powerful and quiet . For some reason oil will not flow to the chain bar from the reservoir . This will require removing the chain bar , emptying the oil tank and dismantling most of the right hand side of the saw to access the tubing going to the tank .
