 The Sassy Baby warming dishes are great ! Add the hot water let it sit while you get baby ready to eat and away you go . Also keeps the food warm while baby is eating . The bright colors also hold the babys attention . We bought two one for home and one for grandmas house.Sassy Baby Warming Dish , Colors May Vary
 This bowl sticks well to wooden , plastic , and synthetic wood surfaces . It tilts slightly to allow my daughter to reach into the bowl and take out her food . This prevents her from becoming frustrated and wanting to pull the bowl off the table/tray . Although when there is no food left in the bowl , she has on occasion pulled the suction from the table , this is still the best suction bowl I have tested .
 I bought this dish for my granddaughter who just began solids at 4 months . I had a similiar feeding dish when my children were that age and how wonderful it was to feed them warm cereal , meats and vegetables . So the concept of hot water within the dish to keep the food the perfect temperature is nice . I looked everywhere for one and finally found it on AMAZON . It is great . Easy to use , easy to clean and very well made . The bottom portion of the dish separates after use when you clean up so that you can get the hot water out easily . I highly reccomend this product .
 These warming dishes are great . My daughter uses them at her house with her twins so I ordered 2 of them for my house also . Neat product !
 This dish is good the only problems i have with it are hot tap water wo n't work as well as very hot water i have a bun coffee maker and i get my hot water from that source this works great , and hole to fill it could stand to be a bit bigger . but overall its a great product
 This is a great toddler bowl . We are using it with our great nephew who is 8 months old . But a choice of color would be nice . We got a pink one for a boy .
 My mother told me about a bowl , like this , she used to have when we were kids . I found one and ordered it . She was grateful and uses it all the time . I use it as well and it really does keep the food warm .
 I bought this for my grandson and it is great . Easy to clean and keeps the food warm .
 I had used something similar for my boys when they were toddlers , so I wanted to buy one for my grandson . It was hard to find , but I was pleased with how it looked , & with the price .
 i used these for my older daughter 6 years ago and was excited to buy new ones for the baby because it is brilliant . i do n't like to microwave baby stuff , and now i do n't have to . i freeze lots of babyfood that i make , so i just put them in the sections here and add hot water and in a few minutes she can eat yummy stuff without microwaving . a must have , and i am a minimalist to be sure .
 I love this dish . I try to keep from microwaving my baby 's food , so I put really hot water in the base of this bowl . It warms my baby 's food -LRB- even food from the fridge -RRB- and keeps it warm . As another reviewer said , the dish is very difficult to separate .
 I have read other reviews of this product where they have had difficulties with it . I have nothing but good things to say about it . I originally ordered 2 but recently ordered 1 more to have one for each meal . It warms the food up nicely and suctions well to the high chair . I am very happy !
 This is exactly what we needed . My son wo n't eat unless his food is the right temp . This dish keeps it exactly how he likes it . It does n't make the food too hot either . Only thing is I would of liked to pick the color of the dish . I did n't see anything that allowed that and now we have a pink bowl . Not a huge deal , but would of preferred a boy color .
 My grandson was trying to learn to feed himself , but the food would become cold quickly . Remembering a food bowl I had for my children nearly 40 years ago , I began my search and found this bowl . Filling it with hot tap water , letting it stand to warm up the surface , and filling it with slightly warmed food solved the problem . One important note
 I had a dish like this for all of my children . When my granddaughter started on food - I was surprised that none of the local stores carried these dishes . I was so happy to find it on Amazon . I like the fact that the dish comes apaprt and can be used seperately , and is easy to clean . The only drawback is that it 's a little difficult to seperate the dish - there should be a tab on the bottom to grab .
 I wish I had this for my children . I love using this for my grandbabies . I do n't have to worry about getting the food too hot and the food stays warm for quite a while . This is great !
 Keeps food warm . Sticks to the tray of the high chair . Gerber bowl does n't stick . The little dividers are nice for serving . The only complaint is that it is very difficult to get the divided bowl off the bottom .
 This item is perfect for the baby who is finicky with the temperature of their food ! It keeps the food warm and at the perfect temperature for our little one ! The suction cup feature is great and the bowls separate for easy cleaning .
 i do not use these for warming the food . i did try that once and it was just a pain . i purchased the bowls because they are divided and stick to the high chair . so they are great for that , but i would not recommend getting it if you are just looking for a warming dish .
 We tried the Baby warming dish . We found that for our 1 year old it was pretty small , and did n't really hold enough water to keep her warm.I think it would work ok for an infant , although I think a blanket would work just as well.Recommendation : Buy ******************** HoldSell
 This is just an adorable little pillow . It will be great as an added decoration in my baby room . Remember this is a BABY pillow , so it is smaller and not made for an adult . The person who previously gave this pillow a rating thought it was too flat and small , but I found it was perfect for a baby room :-RRB- Plus ! It 's a perfect match to the Nautica 4 piece crib set .
 I love this set ! It was the only set I was able to find that I liked and that was 100 % cotton . A lot of other sets have a high % of polyester . The colors are bright and the detail work is high quality . I am very happy with the product and feel it was worth the price . It 's fairly gender neutral too , but I 'm using it for a boy.UPDATE
 We love this set -- we used it for our daughter , and now we 're using it for our son . Sumersault is rated highly by Baby Bargains , and this set is well worth the money . It 's held up really well for us over almost three years . FYI , it goes well with the Pottery Barn `` classic stars '' rug in blue .
 I purchased this carseat cover because over time my son had worn through the orignal fabric on his carseat . It is VERY easy to install and makes the seat look and feel new again . What an improvement !
 My son was born in early October and this cover was PERFECT for him . It fits very snuggly on his Graco infant carrier and keeps him incredibly warm ! The version we have is fleece on one side and rayon on the other so it was waterproof , which has been wonderful . The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because my son just turned 4 mos old and he 's too long for it and he HATES the lack of room he has around his feet .
 I purchased this product for a recent beach vacation . It was really nice to have a place for my 14mo old son to play when he got too hot in the sun . He did think it was fun to try to tip the tent over !! The only downside to this cabana is that you have to put it together like you would a camping tent , which means you have to insert the poles into the holes , etc. . And with a toddler who likes to explore , this can take more time than you would like . Nonetheless , we are still very happy with this product and would recommend it highly . Last thing - one of the best features of this cabana is that folds and packs away very small so that it can fit on a suitcase for flying .
 This tent takes a little work to put together . I do n't know what people are talking about when they refer to the wooden poles and getting splinters as the poles on mine are metal . Anyway , once put together it is quite cool ! I am 5ft 9 '' and I managed to be able to sit in it along with my 4 year old -LRB- sitting -RRB- and my 5month old baby -LRB- lay down -RRB- so there is plenty of space . I got mine on sale at a babies r us store , so I do n't think I would actually pay -LRB- ... -RRB- for it though . You could by a basic regular tent for that much !
 My husband and I are very happy with our play cabana ! We bought it for our 4 month old back in May 2005 . We have used it for 2 beach trips . My husband was able to put it together and take it apart easily on the beach -LRB- even on windy days -RRB- . We love the side pockets to put sand bags in to keep it stable on windy days . We just filled plastic bags with sand and placed them in the pockets instead of putting the sand directly into the pockets . With the front being netted and the 2 side `` windows '' being netted she got a great cross breeze . We love that it is SPF 50 . We placed her tent under an SPF 50 umbrella for extra sun protection and shade . We love it !!
 After a horrible night in a hotel room with our 10-month-old son in a crib `` sleeping '' next to us , my husband found this tent online . We take it EVERYWHERE , as it gives him a familiar place to sleep away from home & us a safe/secure place we can put him -LRB- ie
 We registered for this item since we are expecting our second son in June . We wanted a place where he could be outside with the rest of us , but would n't be in the sun , and be away from the bugs . We set it up in our yard yesterday , and it 's also big enough for our 2 year old to be in . I gave it 4 stars , because it does take some time to assemble . It 's basically a mini pup tent . I was looking for something that I could just pop out when I need it , and fold up when I do n't , so I was a bit disappointed with that , but it 's probably my fault , I did n't really take the time to check out the package . I 'll probably go back and get the SunDome , it 's more portable , but we will be definately keeping this one .
 I have this tent and have owned it for over two years , it 's now being used for my 3 yr old and 8 month old . The tent is easy to put together if you understnad how to use a tent . Slide poles threw slots while its flat then insert into holding tabs . Takes 3 minutes to set up . Well worth the price which i thought was low in the first place . Also recently broke one of the poles . I emailed the company and this was thier response . `` Thank you for taking the time to write to us in regards to your Cabana Tent . Prince Lionheart is a family company who for thirty five years has prided itself on manufacturing innovative , quality products for you and your family . I 'm sorry to hear of the difficulties you are experiencing with it . We carry the replacement poles , if you could please reply to this email with your mailing address and phone number I would be more than happy to send you a new replacement poles for your Play Cabana Tent '' . I never expected my poles to be replaced for free but they are . This makes me even more happy with the tent and company.Iin this day and age to have a company stand behind it 's product for that long of a time frame will make me a loyal customer for as long as I have to buy childrens products ...
 This tent is really easy to set up . I do n't know what the other people are whining about . If you 've ever set up a tent of any type you 'll have no problem with this one . I timed myself and it took about 2 minutes to set up . The poles are your typical fiberglass not wood . My wife and I use this tent for festivals so that our daughter has a nice cozy place to avoid the sun and feel safe . She sleeps in it like she 's at home . The tent is really light and easy to transport . It 's tall enough for an adult to sit in but short enough for people sitting behind you to see over it . It has lots of ventilation for those hot days as well . 5 STARS .
 At first they were a little too snug on our door knobs , but then we figured out that we can flip the rubber grippers around so the thinner side is facing inward . Now they are more child proof and our two-year-old has n't figured them out yet like he has other brands .
 I bought this frame along with the Zanzibar frame to put in my grandson 's jungle-themed bedroom and they both fit the decor perfectly . Both frames are sturdy and attractive .
 I got these for the Enfamil 6oz ready to feed glass bottles . They fit perfectly . I can not believe they even sell the glass bottles without the nipples because its so hard to find the nipples ! I ordered the bottles from Babies R Us and was shocked they did not include nipples ! What good are the ready to feed bottles without the nipples that fit -- its crazy ! Thankfully i found them here on Amazon -- got ta love Amazon!Shipping was very very fast with this company . A + ! They are a bit pricey or disposable but I use them more than once . I 've read several posts by moms who reuse them more than once . . you just have to check for deterioration ... I guess the material used is not as durable .
 My daughter was first introduce to these in the hospital where she was born . I could n't find them at any store . Great buy ! These are soft and durable .
 My baby loved these nipples in the hospital , and I could n't find them in any stores . I was so thankful to be able to find them on this site . Thanks .
 Our son spent 7 weeks in an NICU and these were the nipples he started with . We were given a nice supply upon discharge & then finally ran out . Instead of trying to get him used to new nipples I was quite happy that I found these online . Delivery was fast , product was as advertised . If we need more , I will definitely buy from here .
 These are the only nipples that my daughter really likes . These are the same ones that were used in the hospital .
 This is a great product overall . I was looking all over the place to buy these from stores but could not find it anywhere . My wife and I wanted to use these because the baby had used them while in the hospital and there is no washing or maintenance involved . However they are a bit pricey and the flow is fast relative to other nipples .
 I used these in the hospital when my baby was born and they are great!Now I have them in my baby bag along with the formula bottles and I always have a clean nipple when we are out . I recommend them .
 My 3 month old daughter seems to have no complaints with these . There are easy to use and clean . They work well and are a good buy .
 Ijust want to say I 'm very please with the product . The only thing is that my packet came with 9 nipples not 10 .
 I love these nipples . I 've ordered so many of these because my son will only use this nipple . We have tried the Medela nipples and every other type imagineable that will fit on our Medela bottles , but this is the only one he would use . It 's a slow flow which is perfect for him . We will be buying more before we head to Cancun so we can use with the Similac Ready to Feed bottles .
 We used similar type of nipples in the hospital when our baby was born and wanted to have the same with us when we travel from one place to another as being disposable they come pretty handy . Would recommend these not for daily use but when you are traveling . Its good that we found them on Amazon : -RRB-
 These are so convenient for `` on the go '' . You can just take and toss . We bring them with us while traveling .
 This is the only nipples my son loves using . I wish they had it in stage 2 or 3 .
 I have a VERY picky 4 month old who refuses to eat using any kind of nipple other than these . These are what they started him on in the hospital and although they are supposed to be disposable , we have been able to use nothing else since -LRB- despite numerous purchases of other brands to try with him . -RRB-
 This bouncer is a good price and sturdy for baby . He loved it . I had to buy another one . The bouncing and vibration works great . The cover is easy to clean . Getting it together and apart is a little tricky .
 We had this bouncer for my son when he was an infant . Ours had the built in blanket but was essentially the same and we never used the blanket because he would kick it off . He loved this bouncer . It bounces really easy which is what he liked . As young as 3 months he would use his leg to get it going but as he got older it obviously got faster . The vibrator on it stopped working after like a month even with new batteries but my son did n't like it so no loss . We had to put it away when he got to like 8 months because he would bounce it so fast it was nearly hitting the floor . That was a sad day .
 just enough light ... not too bright ... I use it every night in my daughter 's nursery .
 Arrived fast and in good packaging . It is however a small roll , so look for size . But , it was perfect where I needed it . Matched the rest of nursery . I 'm happy with it . 5 stars :-RRB- good job to seller .
 I have never put up wall paper before so I was a little nervous . The wall paper was easier than I thought . Just use a lot of water and it will come out fine . It took us a little less than an hour to put up the border all around our nursery . It looks great and matches the crib set and valances perfectly . I would highly recommend to everyone .
 we have the rest of the items in the set , so we purchased the wallpaper border too . it 's super cute ! my only complaint is that it did n't include instructions on how to put the wallpaper up . i 've never put wallpaper up before so i really do n't know if it 's pre-pasted already and i 'm supposed to sponge some water on it or do i have to buy a glue product . it would be better if the product included instructions . not sure if this is amazon 's fault or the manufacturer .
 Colorful border and sticks very well . This was our first time hanging a border and it was easy to figure out , but definitely not a one person project . When measuring , cut the border between the stars . It is easier to match up .
 This definitely takes a little bit of learning curve , if you 've never put up paper before -LRB- I had n't -RRB- . It was a job that took both myself and my mother-in-law to successfully complete , but the finished product is awesome ! We love it .
 The slot machine is very nice , it was shipped promptly and arrived in excellent condition . It is smaller than I had hoped but I do n't remember if dimensions were given in the item description . I would order from this seller in the future . We have had fun with it !
 This is a fun little toy . My son got it this past Christmas when he was 5 . When you get the winning three in a row , the machine spits out all of your change . You can put any coinage in the slot .
 We were very pleased with this toy bank . It is definately a conversation piece when friends drop by our little home Tiki Bar . It is a bank and a tiny slot machine rolled into one . Not intended to be a `` real slot machine '' , it works just as described . For people who play slots just because it 's fun and are n't trying to win a fortune , it 's an entertaining game type of toy .
 Gave as a gift . Person loved . Be aware , the only way to get out the money is to get a winner . She got great joy when she did , and the money came out .
 This machine was no longer available but I was notified the very next day of the status . They substituted a more expensive machine and eveyone at my casino party seemed pleased with the different machine.Very fast delivery , they next day shipped it and I had it for my party that very same day .
 I could not have been happier with this product . I bought the whole bedding set and everything for it somewhere else . I did n't buy enough border , and when I went to order more they were out of it . I had already put it up on the walls ! I found it here , and it arrived so quickly ! Plus , it was the same price ! I was so thankful .
 the product is cute and just what i was looking for . they were very helpful when i called and asked a question prior to making my puchase .
 We had a long road trip home coming and we needed a portable bottle warmer . We took a chance on this one since it was cheap and if it did n't work we were n't out much and could stop on the way and pick up a more expensive one . That was not necessary , this bottle warmer worked quickly and effectivly . It takes about 10 minutes to take a bottle from room temp to warm -LRB- our little lady likes them a little warmer than most , too -RRB- . It seems like people thought they could get a warmer that acted like a microwave and would heat the bottle in seconds ... We still use it , now for jars of baby food and it works amazing for those as well , taking only about 3 minutes to heat those . I would recommend this for anyone !
 This worked great on a 13 hour road trip we just took . We would start warming the bottle about 20 minutes before we expected baby to eat , and then mix the formula in the hot water bottle . You ca n't wait to warm the bottle until she 's crying , because that will take too long . It was a lifesaver on this trip and I highly recommend it . We brought our own water and did n't have to pull off the highway in random towns to find hot water ; it was perfect .
 I used this during our vacation in India . It worked out great to warm up baby bottles !
 I 've tried a few car bottle warmers and this by far is the easiest and most efficient . It adapts to whatever kind of bottle you are using , including wide bottles , and angled . It takes about 15-20 minutes to thoroughly heat a full bottle which can be inconvenient if you 're in a hurry . My method on a 10 hour car trip with my 11 month old was this , I had each bottle pre-filled with water -LRB- either bottled or from another safe source -RRB- when we got about a half an hour from a place I knew we were going to stop , or a half hour from when I knew we would HAVE to stop I would put the bottle into the warmer and let it start warming . Once we reached a stopping point I used a portable formula dispenser , mixed up the bottle and voila . It may take time to heat but if you plan accordingly this is n't a problem . It 's inexpensive , hassle free -LRB- does n't require boiling or any other maintenance -RRB- and very portable . I throw it in her diaper bag anytime we 're going a half hour or more away from home -LRB- you never know when your car might just break down ! -RRB- . I think this is a must have for any parent who travles frequently by car .
 This is a very attractive and sturdy lamp base ! I really like it ! It looks just like the picture and actually , was a lot sturdier than I had thought it would be .
 This product is not just for kids , but very good for adult drivers who do not ordinarily have passengers in the car . I put all my `` junk '' in it which used to be jumbled on the seat beside me . When I am going to have someone else in the car , I just pull it out and put it in the back seat . So much nicer than tossing stuff from the front to the back to make room for a passenger ! It looks so neat and holds everything I need .
 We purchased two of these . They fold up easily , but when they are set up , they hold quite a bit . We put one inbetween the driver & passenger seats of our van . It seemed like we always had stuff sitting there , so I wanted it a bit more organized . I think this product was worth the price , and it works well for us . It shipped quickly .
 These Carters baby albums are very cute , high quality , and easy to use . They have pockets for the photos rather than those electrostatic pages which makes them far easier to use -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . They also have space to write notes next to each photo . We liked the one we got for our daughter so much , we bought another when we had our son .
 I had bought a Carter 's photo album like this -LRB- different pattern -RRB- for my first son . We just officially filled it up with birth-18m pics . I needed a new one , and we have our 2nd boy on the way . I bought 2 more for both of them , and they are all so cute . I love the designs , and that they are n't just flat pictures , but built ` scenes ' . I bought this one particular for my 2nd son.I will continue to buy Carter 's photo albums through their baby & childhood , and I also get them as gifts for others having babies .
 This was a great gift for my granddaughter . I thought the quality was good and she really like the gift .
 I bought one of these for me in a store and bought two more from Amazon for the grandchildren . Great Album.Very easy .
 This is an excellent item . The seller shipped fast and I am 100 % satisfied with the overall transaction . Would definitely buy from this seller again .
 I love this baby book ! It is everything I was looking for . Really nice quality and lots of space to write in facts and for pictures . The only issue I have is that in the picture it looks pink and when it arrived it is actually light green on the right side and the gingham on the spine is a peachy coral . Still it 's really cute , but if the color is really important to you , be aware .
 This baby book has all you need for your little bundle of joy . I love the quality of the cover and pages . The orange gingham and green polka dots are suitable for boys and girls . Could n't find anything like this at my local shops . Great value ... Enjoy !
 This book has something for everything you could imagine . A well rounded , great way to record your litte one 's earliest days . There 's also something for a few years down the road !
 the book is so cute ! it 's orange and green - not pink and green like it looks in the picture . you can put tons of pictures in it , there are tons of pages for dates that are important ... an excellent book to keep all of babies memories in . I bought a carters one for my first kid and then this one for the second . i love them both and they are very similar , but i loved this ones colors more .
 This is a great baby record book . The pages are so thorough and laid out so simply . I gave it to my cousin and she just loved it ! I only gave it four stars because it did n't include a pouch or pocket page which I saw and liked in many other books , to keep newspaper clippings , the band from the hospital etc. . Otherwise it is a great book !
 I loved the content of the book . It is very gender neutral . So that pink side really is a orangish color . The description does n't do it justice on the information that it collects . I am very pleased with my purchase .
 This record book is fantastic . It is orange and green -LRB- looks pink & green on the web -RRB- and very cute . I liked the items it asked for - cost of various items , birth information , etc. . Some babybooks have the most bizarre items they ask you to include . This one is great . I only wish I would have had this one for my first child as well .
 As the reviews say , it 's not pink , rather its orange and green which is perfect for a boy or a girl.This book has pages for everything you can think of and lots of pages to put pictures in.we loved it .
 Originally purchased this in 2008 , but it got torn and I wanted to replace it with the exact same item . Good , basic book , but includes all of the important milestones ~ gender neutral . I was actually hoping to find this book in a different style for my new daughter , but did not have luck .
 This is SUCH a cute baby book . I love it . And it has lots of different pages to write down things in . I really the like the teeth chart and family pages .
 I love this baby book . It is a treasure and is the perfect book to document my son 's life . It has plenty of room for pictures and places document all of the important details in your baby 's life ! I should also mention that in the picture , the color looks pink . In real life , it 's actually more orange/peach . It 's perfect for a boy or girl .
 It is simple enough that I do n't feel like I 'm scrapbooking -LRB- because who has time with a toddler and a newborn -RRB- but has a lot of fill in the blanks and page suggestions that keep me on track . I say suggestions because you could easily cover the prompts with more pictures and write other information on some of the pages . I have one for my daughter and my son . The color is NOT pinkish as it seems in the picture , it is a light orange gingham .
 I was put off by the price many times but this book was perfect for me when I finally purchased it . Has great prompts to add info and dates for milestones -LRB- first teeth , day of school , walking , crawling , etc. -RRB- Places for a few select photos for you to attach on your own . Good family history section for both parents to list , siblings -LRB- yours -RRB- , grandparents & great grandparents . All in all just what I wanted to start the baby book for my first born . Well made and looks to last !
 Thsi book is the greatest . I really covers everything baby would want to know when she gets older . My warning is that you better start writing the minute you get it or you can miss important days as you get so busy when baby is born . Try to get this item before baby is born so that you can acquaint yourself with the information you will need to enter . GET IT !!! My only regret is that one day after I bought it my sister bought me one so I could have saved that cash . My sister returned it .
 I love this baby book . Very good quality and great content . Have enjoyed filling it up ! I got it before I knew what I was having and it 's perfectly non gender specific if you are waiting to find out .
 i have yet to fill this book out , but was very happy when they arrived in the mail . the colors are different than they appear online - green cover w / orange ginham . i liked the pages to record the memories and places to put pictures , etc. .
 I recently purchased this memory book for one of my sisters who is expecting her first baby soon and she was so grateful . She loved it and now I am considering buying more for other relatives who are expecting . .
 this was for our fourth child and we have had a baby book for each one . I was apprehensive about ordering a baby book with out seeing it in person but I liked the price and it looked good online so I got it . my wife and I were very happy when it arrived . good quality , great price , had everything we wanted in a baby book .
 I just love this book . It was exactly what I was looking for.thanks .
 The product itself is very good . I bought it very frequently from amazon.com since my baby was born.But recently amazon.com raised the price from $ 7.49 to $ 10.49 which is much higher than any other grocery stores . Like in Target , the price is only $ 9.44 ! If amazon.com still maintains this highest price for this product , the customers like me will go to other stores for sure !
 I prefer Swaddlers to Baby Dry during the day , but they 're hard to find in bigger sizes . These Baby Dry Pampers will hold a LOT . My son sleeps 10 to 12 hours a night -LRB- 8 months old -RRB- and the diaper lasts all night without every leaking . These big packs from Amazon are fantastic , too . The price is less per diaper than from -LSB- ... -RSB- and even Sam 's Club plus Amazon does free Two-Day Shipping on diapers right now . -LRB- I won a free year of Amazon Prime for one of my diaper orders , too ! -RRB- Ca n't beat that .
 These are very good diapers . My dayghter does not like huggies or any others . These are very expensive and Amazon 's subscribe and save really saved us a bunch of money . go Amazon and Pampers .
 Great diapers . At first glance they look flimsy and thin but these diapers are superior to all other bulky diapers . These diapers do n't leak ! They can absorb a great amount of liquid . Also , when the child is wearing them , it almost looks like they 're not wearing a diaper at all . They 're form fitting and thin .
 This is a great amount of diapers especially for new borns and infants . I was worried that we would n't make it through all packs before her weight change to next up because we ordered a bit late , but the tape is stretchable so it 's great . Pmpers is the brand that has only been working for my youngest currently .
 Except for the price I have no issues with this product . My baby is more comfortable in these diapers compared to other brands
 these are good diapers . i do n't feel like they 're as top notch as swaddlers , but they 're the best option once a kid outgrows them . also a great deal with subscribe and save . if you keep your eye out for deals you can get the 204 pack for under $ 30 .
 Daughter is 11 months old now but we 've been using this for a while now.Some individual diapers tend to malfunction -LRB- leaks -RRB- but overall this is a good product.Typically , a diaper can go 8 hours -LRB- will be full and heavy -RRB- before it bothers the baby and/or starts leaking .
 Diapers are great !! Amazon is great !! The free shipping ios wonderful !! I go on-line , order , pay and have the diapers sent to my son and daughters home . They love getting diapers in the mail form Grammy !!!
 Pampers have been the best diapers for us to use on our little boy . We have n't had any issues with them leaking and he can sure fill them up during the night . I highly recommend these diapers .
 Had used the swaddlers for my baby till size 3 after which I switched to baby dry and have been extremely pleased with the product ... very absorbant without any leaks .
 have 5 kids at home , tried all brands before , from huggies to costco to pampers , etc. by FAR the best in terms of cost and minimal leak . Does not shred like huggies . No reservation
 Pampers -LRB- BabyDry , Swaddlers , Cruisers , etc -RRB- have proven to be the best diapers on the market for our two kids . We have tried other brands -LRB- thinking we 'd save money -RRB- and Pampers are the only diapers that have proven to be leak resistant through thick and thin . Currently , I have a 3 year-old -LRB- potty trained by now -RRB- and an 8 month-old . We are very vigilant about changing diapers , but still had constant leaks with other brands . Pampers diapers only failed with the rare `` blow-out UFE -LRB- unholy fecal explosion -RRB- '' diapers that no human creation could have contained . They are not the cheapest but when you consider the convenience of reliable diapers and decreased laundry expense , they are bar-none the best diapers out there.Disclosure
 This product Pampers is quite good when compared to Huggies which I was using for almost a year to my kid.This diaper is soft and absorbs more than Huggies.I prefer this to anyone.Thanks
 Pampers are one of the best brands I have tried . They hold in the worst messes and only leak under extreame conditions . I have n't had any trouble with diaper rash at all - something I was very concerned about . The price is a bit higher then I would normaly spend on diapers , but thanks to amazon mom , they are within the realm of reason .
 I 've had a lot of trouble finding a paper diaper that fits my 29 1/2 '' long , 23lb 7 month old boy , he 's a wiggler , jumper , tosser , turner , and roller , but these seem to fit really well . We 've had no poo up the back -LRB- even when he poo 'd while jumping in his bouncer -RRB- and no leaks overnight , both of which were problems before . I have n't had any rashes from chemicals , dyes , or perfumes which was also a problem with other brands in the past .
 WHAT A HIT THIS WAS : I got these at a great price . Had them shipped right to my Son and Daughter-in-law . With a 21 month old & the new born , it was such a hit . Delivered right to the door . No running to the store . No packing up the kids to run to the store for diapers , No calling daddy to `` on his way home stop and get diapers '' Plus I timed it so that they were delivered on the week both of them did not get paid . I just love doing this for `` no spiecial reason '' Just as a nice surprize , and such a HIT !!
 Pampers or swaddlers all equally good . Swaddlers comes with additional box packing , such a waste on environment . I like it better because it comes without additional box packing
 it keeps my baby dry for horus and the product was delivered in 2 days
 Made the switch from Swaddlers to to this , initially influenced by the price and the reviews I read . I know I made the better decision ; my 6-month old stays drier and he seems more comfortable too . I 'm definitely making the switch for good .
 Ca n't beat Pampers . The Baby Dry 's do great at absorbing pee . Make sure you check out the price at Babies R Us . They are comparable and sometimes cheaper , but if you do n't live near one , then the convenience is terrific .
 I created an account to have diapers delivered to my daughter 's house . Having twins , her life is busy enough . Free shipping , ca n't beat it . love this idea .
 We have tried a lot a different brands for our little girl . We had issues from rashes to UTI 's from them . We tried these Pampers Baby Dry when she was just a couple months old and have been using them since . Great for wetness protection . We just recently upped the size to the 4 b/c our daughter is now 27 pounds .
 it wo n't go wrong with pampers . i used to use Hugies . Now I swith to pampers . I like the smell and compacity .
 My children have sensitive skin , and this is the only disposable diaper that I 've tried that does n't give them a rash . The large box through amazon.com/mom is a great bargain !
 These diapers worked great on my baby . I loved how thin they are . All other brands look bulky next to the Pampers .
 Love Pampers Baby Dry . . I use them for both my 1 and 2 year olds and it works great . I never had a leak problem or any rashes !!
 I switched to these when my son kept leaking through his other diapers and they are wonderful . I no longer wake up to wet sheets and pjs . They hold great all night long !
 I am the mother of 4 ranging in ages 1-16 and I have always used Pampers , they are the best . I have tried them all and none of them compare to Baby Dry . I do n't have a problem with leaking , they do n't tear easily , they have a nice sent , and they are affordable . What else could you ask for ?
 When my girls grew out of their swaddlers we moved on to the babydry and loved them . They fit perfect and have no leaks . I suggest pampers products to everyone I know . It is the only brand that has proved itself over and over to me and I trust on my sensitive kids bums .
 I love Pampers . It took me a while with my twins -LRB- who are now 7 -RRB- to figure out what diapers worked best for us . Pampers never let us down :-RRB- So with my son we have always used Pampers .
 As a first-time mom I found that all my friends used Pampers on their children , so naturally I decided to use Pampers as well and I love them ! The Baby Dry diapers are thin , fit great and do not leak . I was given another brand of diapers at my baby-shower and we do not like them at all . In fact , we still have a partially unused package because we 'd rather pay for the superior quality of Pampers than deal with the leakage from the free diapers .
 I recently started using these for my 2 year old daughter at night . During the day her regular diaper is fine but it was leaking at night for the past couple of weeks . Every day she would wake up with wet pants . Since I started using these about a week ago , her pants are dry each morning . Less laundry to do is a good thing !
 I have used Pampers Baby Dry on my son for several months now and have been very pleased . For reference , my son is in the 90th percentile for height and weight for his age . These Pampers fit him well and we have had no leaks , though this may not be the case for a baby with a different build . In comparison , I have also tried :1 . Huggies Pure & Natural , which shed lint all over my baby 's bottom ; 2 . Huggies Snug & Dry , which also shed lint in addition to leaking at night ; 3 . Pampers Sensitive , which is also a great diaper that I used for his first few months . It is just more expensive and we no longer needed the `` sensitive '' option.Overall , Pampers Baby Dry are great . The only downside is that the tabs can sometimes rub the thighs . Pampers has remedied this by adding `` wings '' to the front sides to protect chubbier thighs from the plastic tabs . Additionally , with Amazon 's Subscribe & Save , these diapers are very economical .
 The word `` used '' looked odd , but the fact is that only the box had a dent , the diapers inside were as good as the `` New '' ones .
 We found that the product is really good . we were using pampers dry max , but had problems . but this is pretty good .
 We use Pampers Baby Dry Diapers for nighttime -LRB- pottytraining during the day -RRB- - they work very well and dont leak . This big box is an excellent value .
 We 've always used Pampers products , but this is the place for a bargain ! Quick service and quality product ! This is the only diaper that does n't cause a skin allergy with my child ! No plastic touches your baby 's skin ... love Swaddlers !
 I 've tried just about every diaper out there ... but I always end up coming back to Pampers . They not only have the best value but they work ! Amazon mom makes the price even better with the subscribe and save . My only regret is not subscribing earlier ... I could of saved hundreds !
 Ca n't say much about buying and shipping diapers . It arrived on time and diapers are keeping my baby from crying when he wets himself . Another satisfied customer .
 We love the option to buy diapers on Amazon ! And they are really quick about shipping -LRB- sometimes the NEXT DAY !! -RRB- . The only thing that is unpredictable is the condition in which the box comes in . Sometimes it 's pristine . Other times the handles are falling off and lots of tape has been used to `` repair '' it before it comes to me . If you do n't keep the boxes , this is n't going to be a problem . However , we 've been storing our sons out-grown clothes in the boxes - rather the boxes that are usable . :-RRB- So it 's a bummer when we ca n't use the boxes because of their condition .
 I love buying diapers from Amazon , because they automatically come every month when you sign up for Ship and Save , and they 're somuch cheaper !
 I have usesd pampers sicne my first child 3 yrs ago ! I tried the other brands and store brands , but nothing compared to Pampers . The other braands would either give a rash or leak , but pampers did not do any of that . My daughter has never had a rash and my son had one his entire life and thats because i tried a different brand ! -RRB-
 I keep buying this type of pampers because I 've read many reviews about the bad chemical smell of dry maxx pampers .
 I really like these diapers ! I had fewer leaks with these than with the Pampers Swaddlers , and while I like the contoured fit of the Huggies Pure and Natural , I loved the super absorbency of these . They hold a LOT ! My baby is a heavy wetter , and we almost never have a leak with these . Even though they are not as stretchy , I find that they fit just fine compared to the Huggies , and for the price difference and absorbency , I would choose these .
 Thanks to Amazon I no longer have to run to the store to get diapers they just show up on my doorstep ! And the savings is great !
 Pampers will always be my favorite diapers and frankly you get more in the `` Baby Dry '' than the more tailored pampers that have more gel . My baby does n't break out with `` Baby Dry '' like they do with the more tailored ones . The only thing I do n't like is they do n't hold enough wetness at night . But when you have a baby that pees a gallon , I guess you 'll have this . ; -RRB-
 We really like these diapers . They are not as thick so it is easy for my active toddler to run and play , but they are much cheaper than cruisers . It seems like they even have fewer leaks !
 I have tried Huggies , Pampers and Loves , so far Pampers by far were the best , and for this price of only .17 cents per diaper its a Great Deal ! I have priced around and didnt find a better deal for this size . Very Happy
 I have used Pamper 's Baby Dry diapers since my daughter grew out of the Swaddler 's . They work really well and very seldom she has any `` leakage . '' The best part is that they fit to her body very well and they are a great price , especially with the huge boxes !
 I got this item at a great price compared to other retailers . I never have problems with pampers products . My son is able to go all night without any morning accidents or wet clothes and bedding .
 Nice product ! I love that.I always use this all year , so I will buy this in the following days , thank you .
 This is a great diaper for daytime . But , lately my baby has been leaking at night.I tried a bigger size and that did n't work.My little boy sleeps on his one side and now I have to switch him from side to side during the night to avoid leaks.I think I am going to try one of the nighttime brands and see how that goes .
 Pampers Baby Dry diapers are the best product for my little girl . My wife and I both think they are reliable and very helpful all the time .
 Just noticed I could buy open box pampers for cheaper , this arrived just the outside was opened , but who cares we any how dont keep the box , the pampers where closed in original package .
 Worked as advertised . I was disappointed to find how messy they get inside however . Still , everything stayed where it belongs .
 Best diapers by far . We 've been using this brand for our little ones for years and I would n't dream of switching .
 almost all brand diapers we tried , this is the best , good price , over night protection , ` soft , no red rash ever.love this product , will come againand the 30 % off is great deal
 Our grandson lives across the country from us . Your Subscribe and Save feature has worked well , he never runs out ofdiapers , we get an excellent price and my son and his wife think of us everyday.Thanks Amazon !
 Our grandson lives across the country from us . Your Subscribe and Save feature has worked well , he never runs out ofdiapers , we get an excellent price and my son and his wife think of us everyday.Thanks Amazon !
 I love the large pack of diapers and I love Amazon delivering it to my front door . Highly recommend.MollyLexington , KY
 I just received my bulk buy and I can see the savings already !! I figure there are about 5 weeks worth of diapers and I only spent about 3 weeks worth of diaper money to get them !! I definately will buy again
 It is really convenient . They deliver the diapers to your front door within 2 days.I did the subscription and our diapers never runs out .
 We were using regular diapers and Dylan 's clothes were always wet by morning . these diapers hold a phenomenal amount of liquid . he now sleeps through the night . No more 12am changes .
 I am the mother of a 14 month old daughter . Baby dry has proven to be very economical when you buy the bigger packs . With 176 diapers in the package , they last a lot longer than the ohter brands I was buying without having to compromise the quality . Price wise it 's cheaper too . This is my 3rd order and if all goes wello , I 'm will continue ordering them . However it does seem to be less soft than the other brand I was using but my dauther is very happy so I think all is well .
 It fits well and can be on baby all nights . It 's a great product and i 'll recommend for all parents .
 Our little one -LRB- now 2yo -RRB- has been in the 95 percentile for weight since birth . These have been great for us
 The only thing you may consider is to order a big larger size than it recommended.For example , we used size 6 back since my son was less than the weight range recommended by the instruction .
 I 've tried other brands , but with my daughter 's sensitive skin , these seem to be the only ones that she does n't get a diaper rash from . They last all night , so I do n't have to disrupt her sleep to change a leaky diaper either . Love , love , love Pampers Baby Dry .
 ships fast.Better prices than most stores.I purchased the open box diapers and had no problems . The box was a little damaged but nothing major
 For perfect . No leaks . Love the pampers rewards program . Will stay with pampers until potty training . Will continue with mom program on amazon .
 I have not had a issue with leaks of any kind . And the price is great for the quantity . I will be buying again . At least until she grows out of them .
 While I prefer the cruisers it 's really not a big deal because the baby dry work just as well they 're just not as cute .
 It was a very smooth transaction with timely delivery . Products as described , and it is a very good diaper for my kid ... soft and gentle . Highly recommended .
 These fit my son really well and never leaked until he hit about 24 lbs . Around that point they started getting a bit tight and leaking at night sometimes -LRB- he sleeps 10 + hrs , so they 're on him a LONG time , plus we live in the desert so he 's allowed all the water he wants during the summer -RRB- . We just switched him up to the size 4 's , and no more issues . These are the first size of diaper that I found he grew out of before getting closer to the upper weight limit . All in all , happy with the diapers . They are lightly scented , which I generally try and avoid , but not outright perfume-smelly like some other brands of diapers we tried after he was born .
 I have always been a pampers person and now with the new design , I am completely loyal . The hook and release is always easy to use and the diapers also have a softer feel .
 These diapers hold so much liquid ! Not that I like to let my baby soak in a wet diaper for hours on end but I 'm still amazed at the weight of the thing when I pull it off after he 's slept in it all night ! They have leaked from time to time but only if I neglect to untuck the gathers around the legs or if he falls asleep sooner than usual -LRB- I wo n't wake him up to change his diaper when this happens so sometimes he goes longer in a diaper than usual -RRB- .
 I used Pampers swaddlers when my baby was first born and LOVED them !!! It 's silly , but since he 's outgrown swaddlers and I 've started buying less expensive diapers , I 've missed the powdery clean smell of Pampers in his room , I also figured they would be a lot better than Huggies because of the price , so I was excited to find a good deal on these Pampers . Turns out they 're just fine -- they are softer than Huggies , but when they get wet they feel like they are full of gel , kinda weird . I do n't think they are worth paying more to get , but I did n't have any problems with them . Oh , and my baby is around 20-21 pounds , and when I am done with this pack , I think I 'll move to size 4 . He 's only 10 months -LRB- so a little chubby -RRB- , and the diapers are getting a little small around his waist . Plus , if he sleeps for a long time , he challenges the capacity .
 It does n't leak , stay dry for a long time , and above all , has a thinner layer that provides flexibility to my daughter 's movement . Strongly recommend it .
 These are good diapers that do n't leak , even with overnight soakings . They do n't hold up to blowouts as well as huggies little movers , however .
 Delivery of the diapers was sooner than stated on billing form . The price is also great-cheaper then anywhere else that I checked . I like the fact that there is no shipping charge because of the `` free shipping over $ 25 . '' Thanks Amazon , I 'll be ordering diapers again .
 I used Cruisers with my first daughter and never had any problems , but she was never prone to diaper rash.When my second came along I was sure I 'd use Cruisers for her as well . I started her on Swaddlers and had no problem but as soon as we switched to Cruisers she started getting horrible , painful diaper rashes . I was sure it could n't be our beloved Cruisers . So I tested it by putting her in Baby Dry and Huggies and every time I did , it would clear up . As soon as I put her back in the Cruisers , she 'd get it again.So we switched to Baby Dry and have n't had any problems . She is a super-soaker and drinks a ton of fluid and we 've never had a leak.Just recently , my husband accidentally bought a pack of Cruisers while on vacation . I figured since she was older -LRB- 19 months -RRB- that maybe she 's outgrown her sensitivity to the Cruisers , but as soon as we put her in them , the rash started up again.So , if you have a baby with sensitive skin , definitely try out the Baby Dry .
 I think Pampers are the softest , probably the most comfortable diapers out there . However , I also think they 're not the best for overnight . Although they do a pretty good job of preventing leaks , sometimes it seems like the whole diaper is a little damp and soggy . Also , Pampers always run on the small side of the size.So , I use Pampers at the beginning when we go up a diaper size , and not always at night . Sometimes they 're fine for my baby , but on an especially wet night , they 're not .
 Good quality product , but not great for our 1 yr old to wear overnight . Overall we 've been satisfied with it for use during the day .
 I always buy these diapers because they are so absorbant . The price on amazon for them is one of the best prices I 've found .
 I feel like as my son gets older the pamper brand is not holding enough . I definitely recommend the newer pamper !!
 These diapers are , by far , the best ! They are really soft , stretchy , and absorbant . They also do n't smell like urine like the Huggies .
 Had issues with other Pampers diapers like cruiser and extra dry . This one I had been using for very long time and never had any problems with it . Great value and quality for great price . I purchase it with Subscribe and Save ! I wish I had known this earlier , I would have saved a lot !
 Pampers have been my first choice for by boy . He can sleep in them all night and not get wet , he also runs , climbs , and crawls for hours with no leaks . I love the velcro/sticky tabs as they are very easy to open and close do/redo over and over to get the best fit on your baby . I tried other brands and as an infant these were the ones that particularly stole the show for performance in all the neccessary categories in diaper quality for my boy
 Fantastic deal ! I can not find a better deal with the free shipping . Thank you ! A big help to the family 's budget .
 This is a great deal , I have looked at many places . I have bought my child 's diapers on here since she was born!Its always fast shipping too
 We have 5-month old B/G twins . I love these diapers . They are thin , yet they protect very well . We have n't had diaper rash yet and will hopefully stay that way . But I do rinse them off almost every time they poop . We tried huggies and they just did n't hold up - too bulky and too many leaks . So go with these !
 I find pampers work better for longer leaner babies , toddlers than for chunky babies . Less leakage . Huggies work better for chunky babies .
 Suits for my baby , very good product . Since beginning we are using pampers , we have initially had diaper rashes but now it is fine .
 The last four years I 've been using Pampers Baby dry . I always start off with the Swaddlers Sensitive which are fantastic . I used to use the the cruisers until they changed them . Left my older son with a horrible chemical burn . We switched through four different brands of diapers and ended up with the baby dry . I love them ! Only time they leak is when it 's time to move up a size . My oldest used to be a soaker too ! Huggies did n't contain the pee nearly as well . Luvs were a joke . I love the pampers quality !
 I love these diapers for the money . They are great and do n't leak ! I have two in diapers and can not tolerate leaking . These do the trick !
 It was so fast delivery only for 3 days and with free shipping also without any tax.It 's cheap then everywhere .
 We used couple of other brand buy by far Baby-Ddry is the best . It really works and keep my boy dry for longer time . I would recomended this any time . Good Luck
 My son is 12 lb now and I think size 3 works better on him . Always used Pampers when my daughter was an infant . Locks great and prevents leakage !
 I buy this item on a regular basis . I hope that it will be available soon .
 They are very absorbant . And the contact surface is still dry after several pees . Pampers diapers are better than Huggies . One should be aware of the size . Although it says `` Size 1-2 '' , actually they are really the size of 1 . There is a gap to size 3 .
 I have found pampers are the best diapers on the market . They do not leak and they fit my son the best .
 I love this diaper . My baby is big and heavy and has not pottery trained yet . It never leaks . It is hard to find big and good quality diaper at the supermarket . The shipping is very fast . But I do n't understand why they have raised the price many times recently . Except that , I love it .
 These diapers work perfectly for my 2 year old son who is large for his age . I was wasting money on Huggies and having him wake up wet every morning . I decided to try these , and they are great .
 I have used these diapers with both of my children . They were the only ones that did n't leak or explode . Plus you get the Gifts to Grow reward points , which are a great bonus !
 Best diapers I have bought for my children . Always happy and never a bad moment . A great bang for my buck ! I will buy this product over and over as I have it on my subscribe and save subcriptions .
 What an excellent value ! I only wish I had discovered the deep discounts while my son was younger . And free shipping to boot ! Wow , well done .
 Great product for a great price . I buy all my diapers through Amazon Mom . They have the best price ever . If your not an Amazon Mom then you need to be !!!
 I love the Pampers brand -- they 're soft , they fit my daughter really well around the legs and across the tummy , and they do n't leak . I 've never had trouble with the closure tabs tearing or not staying closed either , which I ca n't say for other brands . I love that I can buy a huge box of these here for cheaper than I can get them in stores . I would n't buy them any other way .
 Pampers are the only diaper to use ! I did n't notice a difference between Baby Dry and the Ultra Dry but just know that other brands -LRB- Huggies etc -RRB- do n't even compare to the wetness protection .
 Great Product to have for our babyShe is enjoying a lot with more comfort all the timeWe recommend this product highly
 Pampers are the only diaper that will hold over night for my son . We r potty training now but still use pampers diapers for outings and bedtime .
 We have twins and go through a lot of diapers each day . We tried all the different brands and have come to only rely on Pampers . They are well made and have the fewest leaks for active lil ' ones .
 These baby dry diapers live up to their name . We used to use Luvs and Huggies and our little guy had us changing the sheets sometimes 2 or more times per day . Since changing to Pampers Baby Dry diapers , we only change the sheets when they get dirty . What a concept . It may sound like a small thing , but it 's not one to overlook . -LRB- Did that sound like too much of a commercial ? Oh well , it 's early ... -RRB-
 Pampers and Huggies are , in our opinion , the best diaper brands out there . We have a slightly preference for Pampers because they look less `` bulky '' on the baby , compared to Huggies or store brands . And it is the best deal I have for diapers , considering the 15 % discount from Amazon `` Subscribe & Save '' program . However , I 've noticed that the diaper is no longer available as a `` Subscribe & Save '' item , so I am not sure whether I would buy it for the full price - I would have to compared unit costs using my spreadsheet to see if it is worth it .
 Its the only brand I use and I love buying it in economy packages , you cant beat the price .
 Have been buying diapers for all my grandchildren and by far Pampers Baby Dry have been the best buy for the price . No compliants only good feed back from the parents .
 We subscribe Pampers for every month . Before we use `` Baby-Dry '' , we love the `` Caterpillar-Flex '' design of Swaddler . However , the new `` baby-Dry '' have the same design and larger size compare to the Swadle . So we choose the `` Baby-Dry '' size 3 for our baby.Swaddler is wonderful , but `` Baby-Dry '' is also good .
 These diapers are a winner . They have kept all three of my children dry with no leaks . They are well worth a few extra cents .
 I have tried almost every other diaper there is , and I love Baby Dry diapers . My son has no more leaks , he is able to move comfortably , and we love the stretchy side panels . Pampers are overall the best diapers I have used .
 This was a great deal at the time for # 3 size diapers with free shipping until I became a bargain shopper . Costco has a better deal IF you look at the whole picture -LRB- per diaper price -RRB- . Do your home work parents ! We like the `` Baby Dry '' type because it really holds the `` stuff '' in .
 Since using this product we have n't had a wet bed or poopy pants during the night . I use these at night and regular pampers during the day . I love both of them . I 've tried Luvs , Huggies , and the biodegradable Next Generation ones , all have failed me . Pampers is the only way to go .
 I ordered this box of diapers in the afternoon , & the next day the diapers were on my front door step . AMAZING ! Loved the speedy service from Amazon , & I love Pampers diapers !
 Pampers diapers are great . The monthly delivery service is even better . It is great to open the door and receive the box of diapers without having to drive out the the store . A wonderful thing for a busy new mom !
 I have four children and have tried all the available disposables , including other Pampers diapers . I love Pampers Baby Dry the best . I do not have leak issues and by using the Amazon Subscribe and Save method they are also very economical for me .
 i 've tried many other brands of diapers on both of my boys over the years and always go back to pampers . they do n't leak , even overnight , and are really soft . so glad i can get such a good deal on them from amazon mom !!!
 I have tried just about ever type of diaper out there and these r the most absorbent . My son easily fills up other brands half way through the night . These go from 7pm to at least 7am with no leaks !
 This product is of course an everyday necessity but the subscribe and save is what puts it over the top . We save so much . thanks amazon
 This was my first time to buy diapers on amazon and wow the price was great and shipping was super fast I am so excited I dont have to go to walmart to get diapers anymore !!!
 Personally I found these diapers better than any other brands or even the other sub-brands of pampers . They soak well and donot give a wet feel.My older one got a rash when by mistake my husband got us the cruisers . Great for travelling - will last you for atleast 5-6 hours if not more -LRB- and if there isnot much of a poo-poo scene ... :-P -RRB-
 its good to buy . no problem at all in use . recommended to my friends . it is good till 10 hours .
 Hi , I bought these diapers for my special needs child . She is 8 years old , but very small so the size 5 fits her just right . These work great and the price is affordable , I subscribed and got a good discount and do n't have to worry about running to the store for diapers . The only thing I do n't really care for is the tapes that you attach it with are a little too narrow and do n't stretch for a more custom fit .
 Having been through three infants now , very happy with these diapers . They work as well or better than any other brand I 've tried , and I honestly have tried everything . . even many off-brands . You ca n't beat the price/quality/convenience package when you have an amazon mom subscription and request these to be sent regularly .
 I love these . They are less expensive than the other Pampers and they are softer and work very well . I used the Pampers Swaddlers when my son was smaller than size 2 and after that I switched to these . He is 26 month old now and he is 23 pounds and he is using size 5 . He is on 3 percentile weight and I do not go with the weight chart for these diapers as in that case I have to use size 4 . You will know when to switch to upper size , when it gets full over night or it leaks # 2 . I guess soon I have to switch to size 6 as it is almost exploding in the morning . I used costco brand and Huggies , but I did not like them . With the subscribe and save the price of these are better than the other brands .
 These diapers are great . They fit our daughter who has a narrow waist and hold really well . Out of all the diapers we have used , these are our favorites .
 The Good
 Pampers diapers are excellent for the babies who are sensitive to the diaper rash . they worked well on my baby skin .
 I purcased these diapers because I have a big 2 1/2 year old and needed diapers that would fit his larger frame . I tried other brands but they were too narrow , thus causing more diaper leaks . These fit my son well and are a less expensive option to Pampers Cruisers . However , I do think the tabs need to be roomier . One advantage Huggies diapers has over Pampers are their tabs - they always seem to be big enough , wheras Pampers have to be fitted just right . Evenso , I still recommend these diapers . They are slightly cheaper than the Huggies Snug and Dry and I think Pampers are more absorbant .
 We have used these diapers on our 1 year old for the past 6 months , and I can only remember one time that the diaper leaked in the middle of the night . The diaper will be very full in the morning , but no more middle of the night changes ! We will continue to use these diapers at night .
 No leaks , no blow outs !! I also love them because it 's easy to tell if she has wet or not , other brands are so thick it 's kinda hard to tell .
 It is soft , long length . My kids very love it . I will recommend this item to my friends . I hope this items are cheaper than now .
 Good product using it for my 11 month baby holds a lot of urine no leaks , no blow outs
 I love that I set up subscribe & save and they just arrive at my door without worrying about running out . I looked at BJs and Sam 's Club and the pricing is very close in comparison .
 This product is great and cheap . I love it , my baby love it . Would recommend . I can change my baby diaper every 4-5 hours without worry since she was 6 months until now 13 months .
 Awesome value , better price than Costco SAMs club . We just subscribed using the trial feature and tried it out . Value buy , enjoy .
 I would n't think to go with another brand of diapers . Pampers has the best quality , they do n't leak , do n't cause rashes on sensitive skin , and they are comfortable fitting . I have tried other brands and nothing compares to Pampers !
 We have these on subscribe and save for our last 2 kids . My youngest is potty training and we have 1 in the oven so we 'll continue to use these . They hold well , no leaks or accidents . Good quality product .
 I love pampers baby dry diapers . I have use other pampers and had leakage problems and these diapers are great . Have no leakage problem at all . Love it Recommended
 I love pampers it 's durable . I did n't like it when my baby was 2,3 months old because when he poops it leaks in the back . After he started sitting down and walking it is the perfect diaper for him
 LOVE these diapers !! My 8 month old daughter was leaking through her diapers until we found these !!! No more wet sheets in the morning !!! AND , you CA N'T beat 222 diapers for 30 bucks !!! LOVE AmazonMom !!!
 I 've changed plenty of diapers since my son 's birth and after trying different brands on the market , the Pampers Baby Dry are one of the best I have used for him . The Pampers Baby Dry does exactly just that ... keeps baby dry!The diapers have a baby powder scent to them and feature Sesame Street characters . Now that my little guy is a toddler and walking all over the place , I was n't sure if I would have to `` upgrade '' to the Pampers Cruisers , but these work perfectly fine and flex with him as he walks and toddles about.The diapers do swell , but they are pretty absorbent and I have only experienced a handful of leaks and thankfully no poop blowouts as of yet.No rashes or skin irritations experienced with this diaper and using the Amazon subscribe and save has saved me money and delivers these right to my door .
 We have tried many brands of diapers and the Pampers Baby Dry are by far our favorite ! We have never had an issue with these diapers . The economy pack is worth every penny and with Amazon Mom and Subscribe & Save , these diapers are a steal ! If you are able to snag some Amazon diaper coupons too , the price is unbeatable !!! This family recommends . : - -RRB-
 This is a great buy . You can not find another buy that even compares . Add on the free shipping and they deliver it to your door . It is a fantastic deal . Diaper wipes also !!
 I love these diapers ! They are very absorbant and thin ; not bulky at all ! I have tried the other major brands and they either leaked or was very bulky on my little man . I love the fact that there is the mesh lining in the diaper . The urine does n't stay on the surface of the diaper -LRB- inside -RRB- like all the other brands do ... which is great , since less likely chance of diaper rash . I do n't think that these diapers are any more expensive than the other major brands . These are definately well worth the money and piece of mind of a cleaner and healthy bottom
 We think that these are great diapers . Virtually never have a blowout.What we learned is that the weight recommendation on the box should generally be ignored . The size 5 packaging says 27 + lbs . Our baby started wearing these at around 16-18 lbs.It 's really very simple . When the diaper gets full , there 's no more room ... thus the blowout.With our first child -LRB- using the size/weight recommendations -RRB- , blowouts and ruined clothing were a regular occurance . With our second child -LRB- ignoring the size weight recommendations -RRB- , blowouts are a rarity .
 Most strongest and absorbent diaper I know been using this brand since march 2011 . I give this brand to all my expecting mommy friends and they love it just as much as I do .
 We love this product . We have used just about every kind of disposable diapers , and this is by far the best product . Our daughter has sensitive skin , and these work great . They also seem to last longer and hold more -LRB- you know what -RRB- than any other brand we 've used . While maintaining a large holding capacity , their diapers are also very flexible making it easy for our little girl to move . Highly recommend !
 I am so pleased with Amazon Mom especially with buying diapers . The Pampers economy pack gives plenty of diapers to last me until my next delivery . I love the price .
 great for the money . Especially if you sign up for subscribe and save and amazon mom discounts . I like it more than many other brands i tried .
 We have been buying these diapers since our son was born and love them !! No leaks ! I would recommend them to everyone !
 If you have room to store them , this is an economical way to buy diapers . I appreciated the free shipping .
 All we use on our children is Pampers . Yes they may cost a little more , but you save money because you do n't have to change diapers as often . I would rather spend a little more & know that even though my son or daughter has a wet diaper , they are not going to get a rash if I wait 2 minutes to change them . Peace of mind is priceless , especially when it comes to my kids .
 We 're on kid # 2 , and this is still the best disposable we 've found . My only issue was that my son was leaking by the early morning , so we tried a few brands of overnight diapers . Those were VERY uncomfortable - they got very stiff , and I think it made his diaper area very sore -LRB- he sleeps on his stomach -RRB- so back we went to these . He only leaks about 2-3 times per month , so I can deal with it .
 I was a little bit of a diaper snob a couple months ago & had to use the premium diapers . We were using Huggies Little Movers which were Ok . I found that they were bulky , would hold a urine smell & were pricey . I then switched to Pampers Cruisers & those worked really well . I liked the feel of them & they were less bulky then the Huggies . I never had leaking problems with either ot them . My mother in law bought me a package of the Baby Dry size 4 . I just thought these were Pampers cheap diapers & they would n't work as well but I was proved wrong ! We 've been using the size 4 for my 12 month old for a month now & have never had a leakage problem . They are not as soft as the Cruisers but they are not terrible either . They are also much cheaper & with the Amazon mom deal they are even cheaper ! Our daycare lady changes my daughers diaper 6 times in 7 hours so not paying a lot for diapers makes it seem better . They are worth the try .
 I was a little woried after reading reviewers say the diapers were not the same as the ones in the store .
 great value , great diaper , my 21 month old daughter leaked in every other brand except PAMPERS , i love pampers brand , however i did have to buy a size 5 in the Pampers and in other brands she could wear a size 4 but i wont buy any other brand now .
 For the price , these diapers are great ! My little one used to go through diapers like they were water . I initially put her in Pampers Cruisers , but when you used 20 + diapers a day it starts to get really expensive -- these were a cheaper alternative . The quality is n't a high as Cruisers , but still a great diaper . We rarely get leaks , and when we do I know it 's time to bump her up a size . The Amazon Mom program really helps make these more affordable than the store generic brand .
 They work great only had a few times where it leaks not a lot would buy again because of the price . Bought from amazon fast shipping . Amazon rocks .
 I subscribed to getting diapers once a month . My question is how can I go in and change the size ? My daughter is a size three now but will be in a four pretty soon .
 I got this with S&S ; and it is a very good deal for me.BTW , no leak for my boy .
 Ca n't beat the economy boxes from warehouse deals ! Only way to go ! My second purchase of diapers , no more store purchases if warehouse deals keeps stock of these !
 As a mom on a budget I have tried every different brand and type of diapers out there in an attempt to save a few bucks . I have yet to find one that can out perform these Baby Dry diapers . Unlike the cheapy store brands they are soft and comfortable for my daughter , we never have rash or leak problems and as long as I order them from Amazon I can get them cheaper then the store brands . Ca n't go wrong with these !
 great product ! I have tried other diapers and my children leak thru . Pampers seem to be the only diapers that keep them dry for the most part . Fast shipping and great price !
 We are using these diapers for our 1 month old son and so far they are working good . Good quality and there were no leaks and comfortable . Works as intended . Value for money . Much cheaper than the local stores .
 I never would have imagined I 'd be buying diapers online , but it is the way to go for sure . This was a great price , and lasted us about 2 months , maybe a bit longer . The fit was fine , and we have n't had a blowout yet -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . When the price is right , Pampers are my favorite .
 Pampers are just that one brand that you KNOW will always be trustworthy and work great ! Not only do they hold my daughters messes that most diapers let leak , they are so light weight and comfortable that she can move freely without bulk . When they get wet , they do n't bunch up and ball up like most cheaper brands do . I love Amazon Mom because they allow me to get superior diapers for non-name brand prices !
 Well!We never had any issues with pampers brand of diapers.We 've tried all other brands -LRB- Cheaper & expensive ones -RRB- and nothing comes close to diapers .
 My first t-fal product . Was impressed with the online videos about the product . It met my expectations when I have the product and love to use it .
 This seems to work for us . When he was nursing at night we still needed 2 diapers to get through the night . At this point with 1-0 night nursings 1 diaper generally does the trick .
 Yes will be telling friends and family . Great to be able to buy extra large package . the price was decent for what you are getting .
 I have used Pampers Baby Dry for years . They are thin , soft , and the hold a lot ! I highly recommend !!
 I have used these in size 1,2 and now 3 . These are my favorite brand . I tried them all but the pampers baby dry work the best ! Such a great deal through amazon with the subscribe and save plus my amazon moms discount ! 37.00 for 246 diapers that actually work , ca n't beat that !
 It is very good but it is becoming little expoensive at amazon as compared to other brands available at stores like costco .
 I love pampers brand . Great value with this product . I have been getting this for my daughter and now I getting it for my nephew . Very convenient .
 they fit my daughter perfectly and i dont have to worry about leaks or anything anymore , before i started using Pampers Baby Dry Diapers my daughter 's diaper would always leak esp when she pooped but now with Pampers Baby Dry Diapers they can totally handle anything she dishes out .
 Great price , I recommend this to anyone with a new born or a child in diapers period , can find a better price in the store .
 The same wonderful diapers you find in stores , but -LRB- especially with Amazon Mom and Subscribe and Save -RRB- cheap ! Thank you Amazon and thank you Pampers -LRB- we do n't use any other diaper brand for our infant , as we have found them inferior -RRB- .
 I have been a Pampers mom since the birth of my firstborn . I like the baby dry better than the cruisers because these fit her better . They seem to be slimmer and longer -LRB- sits higher on the waist -RRB- . We are nearly done with diapers for the older one now , but I will buy them again for the baby when she grows in to 5 's
 Pampers diapers are the best brand of diapers and you cant beat the price on this 276 count box . I have searched at Walmart.com and Sams Club and they ca n't beat this price .
 These diapers are soft , smell good , and keep my princess dry . I used a different brand with my boys but the princess broke out when I used them on her have had no problem with the pampers .
 I 've tried cheaper brands but they seem to give my son diaper rashes over time . Amazon Mom 's club is even cheaper then sam 's to purchase diapers . Thank youAmazon Mom .
 I personally prefer the swaddlers . The baby dry diapers are okay and I really am not a big fan of the snug and dry huggies . I like Luvs and the Swaddlers the best ... I really have no complaints about the Baby Dry though .
 Provides great protection for my 1 year old and he does n't break out in a rash ! Any other diaper makes him break out in a rash and these are sensitive enough to not be irritating !
 This is the best way to buy diapers , and this pack of diapers , this pack lasts a long time . I recommend the subscribe and save feature because of the discount and the extra perks .
 The diapers showed up in two days as promised and they were exactly what I expected . Good purchase and certainly a better deal than going to Wal-Mart .
 Pampers is the best brand available as compared to others pampers is the best but buying pampers from amazon made my life easy.i dont have to rush to the stores to buy the same box with a higher price , and absolutely loved amazon when i saw the box delivered after 1 day .
 The shipping was free and real fast!It 's so convenient!I used to buy pamper 's cruise for my first one , but the quality has been changed.The cruiser has oder when I take it off in the morning.I changed this cheap version of pampers.It 's decent quality , no oder , and reasonable price compare to cruise.I love it better.Only concern I have , sometimes it leaks , so bed is getting wet from over night .
 Asusal ... Pampers is the best ... we are using it form my baby from past 14 months ... no complaints ... actually we never tried any other brand ... from day 1 we are using the same one ... we amazon mom it is much more cheaper than store prices ...
 After trying a bunch of different brands and types of diapers , including Pampers Swaddlers , I 've found that these work the best for my baby girl . We used the Swaddlers when we first brought her home because that 's what we were using in the hospital , but after a few days her skin turned really red ; we switched to a different brand and the irritation went away -LRB- I suspect she was having a reaction to the Dry Max -RRB- , but we were n't happy with that other brand 's performance at all - there were leaks all the time . We had similar issues with leaks with every other brand we tried . A friend recommended Baby Dry because it was still Pampers , without the Dry Max and so we tried them and they are AMAZING ! They hold so much , she can go all night without needing a change and she has not once had diaper rash in the two months we 've been using these diapers . There have been occasional poop leaks out the back of the diaper but they have been few and far between compared with the other brands we tried . We will NEVER use another kind of diaper for my baby !
 Cheaper than big stores and great value . Lightweight and keeps babies dry and causes less irritation to babies skin when compared to other brands
 I 'm a first time mom , so I wanted to try out all different types of diapers to see which ones work best for my baby . Pampers are my absolute favorite , but I think the Target brand comes in second -LRB- with Huggies at the bottom of the list -RRB- . I love Amazon Mom and Subscribe & Save because the deals are good enough that I do n't have to settle for a brand that I do n't like as much just because they 're inexpensive .
 Only minus point is this product has no indicator.Product is good better than other ones in market , initially i was worried whether this would leak as i read some reviews , i had never faced leakage till now , there is no leakage in this Baby DRY Pammer product , may be i havent tried for more than 12 hours , absoultely good for a 3-4 month old baby .
 These diapers are great overnight diapers . We had been using Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive and loved then , but they stopped doing the job . My son sleeps 12 hours at night and spends most of it on his stomach . The other diapers just could n't hold a night 's worth of pee . He kept waking up around 3 or 4am all wet . We tried these -LRB- in a bigger size because the size 2s were getting a little snug -RRB- and loved them . Most nights they hold 12 hours worth of pee and poop . Occasionally -LRB- maybe now that he 's eating more volume during the day -RRB- we 'll have to change the diaper after about 11 hours , but that 's still pretty good in my book . -LRB- I bet they would last all 12 hours , if he did n't sleep on his tomach for the entire night ! -RRB- He wears them all day now too and rarely has a leak . They 're gentle on his skin and work well . I love them !
 These diapers fit and absorb very well ! I 've used this brand in size 1 and 2 also , and have been pleased . My son is slim and very tall and these fit him pretty well .
 Good value for me for two reasons . With Amazon Mom and Subscribe & Save discounts , you get lots of diapers for the cash . Also , my little guy had to have most of his colon removed when he was 6mo , which means we have a lot of messy diapers . Pampers keeps the mess in the diaper much better than other brands I have tried . So , they save us from a lot of extra icky laundry and accidents .
 I love pampers diapers . I have two boys and have used pampers almost exclusively . They have fantastic leak protection and fit my boys better than other brands .
 I had cruisers for my son until I saw the new ` flex ' in baby dry ... Have no problems till date ... I compared once the cruiser and the flex baby dry side by side . . There was n't any obvious difference . . So I have been continuing with Babydry.And it 's cheaper than Cruisers : -RRB- Amazon is great . . I just plan a little ahead and order online . .
 These tend to run bigger than the Cruisers so if you 're not ready to move up to the next size they help . I 've had a few leakage issues though but that would n't deter me from giving this five stars . They move well too , when they get wet they do n't become overly bulky
 I tried many many different diapers before I decided on these . I like them because -LRB- 1 -RRB- they are the only ones out of all the others that I tried -LRB- Huggies , Especially for Baby , and different types of the same brands , like different Pampers and Huggies styles -RRB- that held everything in and were super-absorbant for nighttime and -LRB- 2 -RRB- fit my big baby better than their same size competitors . If you have a large baby , these fit well . My baby also used to poop right out of other diapers and these actually contain it ! The reason I gave them a 4 instead of a 5 is because Pampers Baby dry has improved their line since these came out . These did not have the stretchy side tabs that Huggies did , which made it hard to fit my growing baby . Now , they have `` Flex '' tabs , so they are perfect . The reason I had tried other brands was because I really liked the flex tabs/stretchy tabs of other brands . But now since they have it as well , they 're perfect , just make sure the package says `` Flex '' on the front.The only other problem is that there are so many of them , my baby actually outgrew them before I finished the package . If your baby does n't grow like a weed these are fine . Mine gained a pound every two weeks and was into the next size about half-way through these . Check out the weight limit to make sure it 's worth it based on how fast your baby grows .
 My son likes to sleep on his tummy , for what i can tell , he couldn have wet his clothes wet 3 times each nite using Huggies . But with Pampers , even though it 's not 100 % guarantee there 's no accident , it only happens when he drinks super-lot during the nite . And the problem with Huggies is that it not only absorbs much less , there 's also some `` jelly '' coming off onto his skin . It 's a mess !! For my 19-m-old boy , Pampers works 3 times better than Huggies !
 I mean , who would n't like diapers delivered right to your door with no shipping . I hope the wait time for these can be reduced . I ca n't imagine ordering diapers and waiting 3 to 5 weeks for them to arrive!My son is 16 months old and wears this size .
 Baby Dry -LRB- meant for nighttime use -RRB- and Cruisers have the reputation of being the best disposable diapers on the market , and the reputation is deserved . Baby Dry has the same `` caterpillar flex '' stretchy tabs as Cruisers , the same slim form factor , but they are more absorbent than Cruisers , as they are designed for overnight wear , and more importantly , they do NOT have the annoying liner that Proctor & Gamble put into Cruisers over a year ago.Compared to Huggies Supreme Natural Fit of the same size , Baby Dry is softer , nicer to the touch , smaller , and is the same width . Huggies Supreme Natural Fit claims to be `` hourglass shaped '' for a better fit , but when you open them up and place them side by side to Baby Dry or Cruisers , the leg-to-leg crotch width measures the same ! Furthermore , the Huggies Natural Fit was much stiffer
 This is absolutely the best way to get diapers . Auto ship
 Good as diaper lasts long . Good during travel and keeps dry , no body rashes . Good for boys under 8 months .
 We could n't be happier with the Pampers products in general . We 've had some nasty `` messes '' on our hands and these keep everything well contained AND are thin for our little man to move around comfortably .
 I 've been using Pampers Baby Dry diapers ever since my daughter was born 2 years ago . These do n't ever leak on us , and blow-outs non-existent . They feel soft and seem comfortable . I 've heard about babies getting rashes with the Dry Max line , but these seem great for sensitive bottoms .
 Have used these diapers for over a year and am very pleased . Also , my order came much faster than even projected by Amazon , which was great .
 in my opinion , this diaper brand is the best ever , because the pampers diapers are ultra thin , keep the baby 's skin dry up to 12 hours . the price is great and this economy pack it 's enough for a month ! thank you Pampers !
 Pampers Baby Dry Size 4 Diapers Economy Pack Plus 192 CountGreat product . We have used pampers for both our kids . We tried different types of diapers but they never seemed to work well for us - either too thick , leaking , or causing an allergic reaction to our babies . We have decided to stick with pampers brand . A little costly compared to other brands but well worth it . Plus we are now able to get some discounts from amazon.com .
 We love pampers diapers they fit our boy girl twins very well . We have tried huggies and store brand diapers before and were very disappointed in them . Pampers is all we will use ! And we use alot !
 The cheapest way you can buy baby diapers , and you do n't have to sweat it , it will come to your front door . Baby diaper shopping nirvana .
 When using the subscribe and save , it is the cheapest price than all the stores I checked . -LRB- walmart , Target , Babiesrus -RRB-
 Very good daytime diaper . Thin and absorbent . My baby loves seeing Elmo on each diaper which makes diaper changing fun for her.With Amazon Mom and Subscribe and Save , you can not beat the price . Will buy again .
 I love these diapers and would n't use any other . The price ca n't be beat . Buying diapers and not having to go out and buy them every few weeks is the best . They are right at your front door !
 I get these sent out to my daughter for my grandson , she says it 's a good deal , so she gets them delivered every two months !
 I realized later after I received package that it could be purchased cheaper at diapers dot com . They have codes DIAP10 and PAMP10
 I like these diapers . They are pretty absorbent . I would definitely buy them again , but I have used other types of diapers that I have liked better .
 I subscribed this item at Amazon once two months , Great service ! I usually got it the day after the subscribed date . Amazingly fast !
 We have never had any leaks or pinching . These are my favorite diapers by far .
 my babys love this pampers , its so confortuble . I see the diference looking to others babys , they walk diferent.thanks pampers
 My daughter is allergic to something in huggies products , she broke out in a yeast infection with huggies diapers , and a constant rash with huggies wipes . I started to become an avid pampers user . I used to only use cruisers . I bought this box to see how the baby dry differed from cruisers based upon a persons testimonial . I like the babydry much better ! I have less leak issues , and absolutely no leak issues over night . They stay on her and dont ' sag down like huggies and the cruisers do . Also , since they are n't gel inside you dont get teh gel reside all over your baby 's sensitive areas . She has less problems with rashes now as well . It took me about a month - month and a half to go through this box of diapers , so it was well worth it !
 I have tried all brands , and these are the only ones that do not leak through the night .
 This is the best Baby Dry Diaper for your special little one . Your baby really stays dry and comfortable specially during the night and the fitting is great .
 These are the best diapers ever . They are very light and when they get wet , the bulk is minimal . I have tried other diapers and they do n't fit as well as the pampers brand . Yeah , you might pay a little extra , but it 's worth the money not having to change your baby 's clothes a thousand times because of leaks . The only times I 've had leaks is because I put the diaper wrong , not tight enough , or did not pull out the ruffles around the legs . Best diaper for the money , I highly recommend it .
 These diapers are great ! We 've only had a couple `` accidents '' when there have been major explosions . They also hold up very well for the 11-12 hours my 10-month-old sleeps during the night . I highly recommend these diapers , especially at the Amazon discounted price .
 I use these for night-time . I recommend to anyone who asks for suggestions on how to save money on diapers to order them online !
 I have a stubborn 2 and 1/2 year old who does not like the idea of potty training . It is often difficult to find packages of Size 6 in the store with more than 40 diapers . This is a great value . Especially if you set up monthly delivery .
 Pampers are the best diapers on the market , esp . for active toddlers . I also usually like the deals I can get on them at Amazon . So I was kind of irritated and upset to receive a box with expired diapers . Granted , nothing much can spoil in a diaper but it is still upsetting to receive a product whose expiration date had already been reached over a year ago . So please , inventory needs to be more carefully checked or it needs to be mentioned at the site that the diapers are expired . Some people may not mind buying expired diapers , but some do .
 These diapers are just the best . I 've bought so many that I think I should now own my own personal part of Pamper 's stock . They do n't leak , they last longer and they just fit very well for a toddler . The only time I 've ever had them leak was when my little one drank a little too much milk in one setting . Other than that , they 're just great . They 're softer than most diapers and seemingly more comfortable .
 I am an Amazon mom subscriber and am very happy with the service . I would get a reminder email to either cancel the delivery or expect one on a certain date.In regards to the product , I have two children and have exclusively used Pampers for its quality and reasonable prices .
 It 's great to be able to order diapers online . Plus it is much cheaper than going to your local store . I love amazon .
 I am the owner of Diaper Cakes by Wendy and I use these diapers in my diaper cakes . I recently switched to them from Luvs because they are white and Luvs are no longer white . I like these because they do NOT have the Dry Max in them . Pampers Baby Dry and Luvs are actually the exact same diaper made by the same company and I love them both . I have no complaints about these diapers at all , and with Amazon 's subscribe and save and Amazon Mom they are very affordable !
 These diapers are great for daytime but did leak when used overnight . I do n't know if the 12 hours protection they claim on the box is all that true so I did also order huggies overnight diapers as well !
 We 've use a couple of brands of diapers , and Pampers are the best quality for this price . I love the elastic-ness around the waist - better than Huggies I think . And with Amazon Mom , subscribing and using coupons from Parenting magazine , I get these for 50 % off !
 I used to buy Pampers Cruisers for my son , perhaps thinking if they cost more they must work better . Who knows . Then Cruisers added the Dry Max and my son started getting a rash . Thank goodness , becuase I switched to these diapers and realized they work just as well , are significantly cheaper , and do n't have the perfume that caused the rash . Just a note
 We 've used Pampers since our daughter was born . We used Cruiser until she started waking up soaked with pee at night . We continued to use crusiers during the day and Baby Dry at night , until I figured if I 'm using the Baby Dry at night , why not use them during the day as well . They are actually cheaper anyway . We 've been exclusively using Baby Dry now for several months and are 100 % happy ! We have not had any problems !
 I purchased this product as a renewed subscription for Pampers size 3 . I thought that since it is a renewal it will take longer than usual , but it arrived relatively quick . Not much else to say , this to me is a great product and delivery was quick - all you can ask for when you have a little one .
 I 'm a mother of boy/girl twins and I love these diapers . They ship directly to my door and that makes life so much easier !
 There is not much to say about these diapers . They are good and highly recommended . Sign up with Amazon Mom and use Subscribe and Save for an even better discount . It 's much cheaper than buying these at the store.My daughter is big for her age and very active . She tore up more than a few of the `` competing '' brands.These stay on even through the running , climbing and general mayhem that she puts all her clothes through.I am just happy I found a diaper that I do n't have to replace due to it tearing . As an added bonus , she no longer has any rashes she earned when her mom was trying the `` natural/organic/etc '' diapers.As for absorption , it 's good . It does the job . What more can I say ?
 Agreed the swaddlers are softer but they are not true fit in my opinion . They were always a little too tight on my 10-month old 's belly . Cruisers are not soft and my daughter hated being in them . I have tried swaddlers , cruisers and baby dry . Baby dry diapers are hands down the best in preventing leaks .
 These diapers are the best for our daughter . Most other brands she manages to wet through , but these are better at preventing leaks . : - -RRB-
 We tried 4 or 5 different kinds of diapers when our son was born from all the samples and such . We got a pack of these from a neighbor and they worked the best of all , so we 've stuck with these . You can tell how wet the diaper is by feeling how inflated the diaper is . Wish I was using cloth diapers but that did n't really work out for us due to logistics -LRB- no washer -RRB- and I wish I had a more `` natural '' choice , but others are more expensive and do n't work as well . These are 14.5 cents a diaper w / Amazon Mom .
 These are by far the best diapers we have used thus far ... lightweight -LRB- dont hang off when slightly full -RRB- , fit well , thin , and cute . Nothing worse than an ugly diaper when you have to change them all the time , lol . Super fast ship when we subscribed , couldnt be more pleased !!
 It 's a well recommended product . Therefore what I would like to comment is , based on my job I work late unplanned hours and it 's very difficult for me to plan my shopping list . Having Amazon door to door service for this product is so convenient that it ease myself so much . You place the order and it 's delivered to your door step on time .
 Our toddler is all over the place , as most toddlers are . We 've tried other brands , but Pampers seems to be the best for us . When people ask , there is only one brand we choose , it 's Pampers .
 it was fast Service and cheap for the amount of diapers I can always pick Amazon for these kind of deliverys ... cool
 Pampers are the best diapers ! I will never buy any other diapers . My baby stays dry , she rarely wets through . Any other diapers she immediately soaks through to her clothes . Love the pampers !
 Baby dry diapers are not quite as soft as the swaddlers , but they have n't leaked at all and I definitely like them better than any Huggies diaper .
 Pampers are the best choice for my baby we love them , the cruisers are the next step for my active 9 month old .
 I bought these for my grandson . So far they fit well , keep him dry and happy . I change him when visiting and I like the ease of diapering , but hey I remember cloth diapers when mine were little .
 I 've tried them all , Costco , Luvs , Huggies . Nothing beats the Pampers . Unfortunately COSTCO does n't sell them anymore , but a great price here at Amazon , $ 30.50 with Amazon Moms Subscription .
 Everything Pampers I LOVE ! Pampers baby dry are great diapers . Especially for nighttime and long car rides . They are a 12 hour Diaper . Baby Dry Diapers have little absorbing beads in the diaper to help take more in . I would recommend Pampers Baby Dry to anyone with a baby .
 Usage of diapers depend on mom 's preference / child 's skin . Personally I feel Pampers is great and I dont think we can get it any cheaper than Amazon
 The savings on this product is MAGNIFICENT . Diapers just increased a few months ago at Sam 's Club and Costco . I save nearly $ 15 per box utilizing my Subscribe & Save feature on Amazon . Thanks Amazon !!! I recommend this to all mothers and fathers !
 From testing all kind of brands from every store possible Pampers Baby Dry is far most the best out there !
 I love the softness of these diapers , and the characters are cute . However , they seem to leak more than the Huggies I was using before . Therefore , I 'm going to try another brand or go back to Huggies ... : -LRB-
 I had been using Huggies Overnites and this was a great deal -LRB- with an e-coupon -RRB- so I thought I 'd give them a try . I like how thin they are while still being really absorbent . Great fit !
 I love pampers . I have triplets 2 girls and a boy and they keep them dry unlike other diapers that kept one dry and the other would be wet . Thank you amazon mom for selling a great product .
 Good value for the money . Never faced any issue with quality or anything . Also they ship very fast and on time .
 Exelente I love these diapers . They work well with my daughter . No leaks here ! But I used to buy them on the Subscribe and Save program , and that 's no longer available . Now the price at Amazon is just as high as anywhere else . I am upset that it 's not a good deal anymore .
 In my opinion , Pampers are the best diapers out there , but they are usually a little bit pricey . Found this great deal and could n't pass it up . They work really well for us overnight - never have to worry about any leaks in the morning !
 I ordered these when my subscribe and save shipment was canceled because they are not producing the bulk quantity of the type of diapers t I prefer . When they arrived , they appeared to be a bit smaller in size than the size two Swaddlers I was using for my daughter . They are excellent at keeping the moisture away from her bottom , and I like the dry max texture of these diapers . My only gripe is that my husband keeps the diapers on her too long because he does not realize that there is no indicator on these pampers like there is on the Swaddlers ; however , since these diapers are great at keeping the moisture away from my baby 's bum , she has not had a rash yet . So , I wish pampers would figure a way to add that indicator to this diaper and I would have a perfect pamper for my perfect baby !
 My husband and I drink instant coffee every morning before going to the office . For a long time I 've been seeking the perfect coffee maker to elevate our coffee drinking pleasure , but for many reasons it 's just simpler , quicker and hotter to drink instant coffee . So , you might call me an instant coffee connoisseur , because I 've tried nearly all the instant varieties available at our local market . I ca n't say I adore any of them , but Nescafe rises to the top of the list when I rank them by taste , aroma and creme .
 I love being able to buy the big pack of economy pack plus diapers . When i buy them that means i dont have to go to the store every week to buy diapers !
 We have used Pampers Baby Dry since our daughter was born and they fantastic ! Never a lick or an accident even during the night -LRB- she sleeps 12 hours straight -RRB- . Also , the price and convenience of the subscription that Amazon offers is the best deal out there . I recommend this with my eyes closed !!!
 After using premium diapers and economy grocery store diapers , these are the best compromise for quality and value . No leaks , very thin and soft . I do n't see a reason to pay more for premium diapers and these are much better -LRB- and thinner -RRB- than economy diapers , so I will be sticking with these !
 I 've heard a lot about Pampers diapers causing chemical burn on babies , but I do n't know one person in real life who has had this problem . I went straight from Pampers Swaddlers -LRB- in NB and size 1 -RRB- to Pampers Baby Dry -LRB- sizes 2-4 -RRB- and I could n't be more satisfied with my choice.I tried a handful of other brands -LRB- Luvs , Huggies , Target -RRB- with no luck . My son has sensitive skin and he got diaper rash to the point that he would bleed with the other brands . As soon as I switched to Pampers , we have n't had any more diaper rash issues . They keep his skin dry -LRB- whatever they use in these works FAST to absorb moisture -RRB- and you ca n't believe how much these diapers hold ! These are the only diapers that will keep him dry overnight -- and they must weigh 5 pounds in the morning!Our daycare provider deals with a lot of different diaper brands and she has repeatedly said that Pampers are the best . And when you use Amazon 's Subscribe & Save and Amazon Mom programs , you ca n't beat the price !
 This product is delivered almost instantly after placing your order . The no mess packaging is convenient and environmentally friendly . No extra -LRB- and pointless -RRB- boxes to throw away .
 I am always looking for the best prices on diapers . I like these overnight diapers - they work for us - we always use one size larger than our daily diapers and that seems to work .
 We have used pampers for our son and we love them . As a mom , extra time is limited so anything to make life easier , i chose to order off Amazon . I love it , i simply order my diapers monthly and they are at my door step within the exact time stated . The product is perfect .
 works great for my 20 month old , and they 're cheaper than most competitors . It 's worth getting them here . would order again .
 I have twins who just started sleeping thru the night . I have not had any leaks since switching from swaddlers to the baby dry . Note I have boy/girl twins and the diaper fits and protects equally as well on both . A bonus is the pamper gifts to grow point system
 Economy and comfortable l like itIt Has more than others fit baby skin I will choose it next time
 I love pampers and this was a good buy . I would buy again if needed to but my little one now is potty trained .
 excellent experience with pampers . i always use pampers only to my son since his birth . pampers is a nice product
 I have tried several different brands of diapers for my son , but Pampers are the best . They are thin yet keep him dry for a long time .
 I have tried practically every brand of diapers -LRB- including the no-chlorine eco brands -RRB- and Pampers are by far the best . I rarely have poop leaks or blowouts . In fact , I 'm not sure I ever have . The only pee leaks we have had are during the night , when our baby would sleep 10-12 hour stretches . I went up to the next size diaper for bedtime , and no more pee leaks in the night . Wish they made a natural disposable diaper like Huggies though !
 These diapers hold all of my children 's leaks ! The are very soft against their skin and they do not leave red marks on there legs ! Great diaper and great price through Amazon Mom !
 These diapers work very well for my little boy , they are comfortable and very absorbent . He 's been wearing the Baby Dry Diapers for several months now and he has n't had any problems with irritations . The packaging is also really handy , inside each box are 3 plastic sleeves with diapers ; it makes it easy to take some to the grandparents or a sitter .
 Love buying through Amazon Mom , it 's so much easier than chasing down sales at the store or having to clip the coupons for the many diapers a baby goes through !
 The product is great , and Amazon service is exceptional.Pampers are great for my boys . Worked on my first son too . We are pampers fans .
 Great overall.Easy to put on and take off.Sizing is accurate to the month of age.Holds an incredible amount of liquid .
 I like pampers-they are always a good safe choice for diapers . They seem to work well & I love the soft scent . No problems with leaks . Cute design
 We have been using these ever since Pampers switched from the dry max . We love them . They work great and hold in a lot . I dont have to worry about waking up to a leaked diaper . Also , they dont have that awful mesh liner that stuck to my son 's bottom like the dry max did .
 I love Pampers and I love getting the price I get them for on Amazon ! Also , sure beats having to put this big of a box in my grocery cart .
 I love this brand of Pampers because they stay dry and are slightly bigger than the Pampers Swaddlers in the same size . When my son was outgrowing the Swaddlers , I had a few of these from a different box and they worked like a charm for another month or more . Besides the size , they are just overall a better diaper than other brands out there .
 These diapers are great for my little one . We 've tried a few different brands and this fit best for our baby . This box is huge and was definitely more than enough to last a month . And baby likes playing in the empty box . All around , a great buy !
 These diapers are okay , they have decreased in quality recently . The sides near the butt and inner thigh wear out -LRB- 2-3 times a month -RRB- and and the absorbing crystals fall out all over . This occurs even if the diaper has only been on my two year old for a few hours .
 It lasted my baby longer , cheaper than retail -LRB- so far -RRB- , keeps her dry . I would recommend this over the other Pampers brand or Huggies .
 i only by these on sale or thru subscibe and save otherwise not worth the extra more than target store brand
 Received the diapers as expected and had no issues . Ordering online was convenient and price was good too . Pampers Baby Dry feels soft . When wet the diapers feel very gel like , do n't like that feeling though .
 It is great !!! Thin and absurd really well . I would purchase again but expensive . I may try other cheap brand if it works good too .
 Great Quantity and even better price ! Ships in this box though . Contains 3 big packs and you get lots of pampers points for this purchase .
 What a life saver . I ordered these for my granddaughter and they saved me time and money . I would purchase again
 We had a tough time with nighttime diaper leaks with our baby in the beginning . We bought these diapers and have had 1 or 2 leaks in 2 months . These are the best for us for nighttime .
 I love it great product A + + + + + + + + + + + + + + +
 We prefer Pampers diapers & these -LRB- at least at the time -RRB- were a great deal . No complaints . Do n't think they last 12 hr though , but none do .
 These fit my daughter fantastically , never leak and can last through the night . Love the way Pampers diapers smell , too . They have that baby smell . Very strong diapers and true to size !
 I love these diapers and the deal I got on them ca n't be beat by any store in our area . THANK YOU AMAZON .
 I ordered this product as part of the subscribe and save program and was thrilled to get such a great product at such a tremendous price . I have always used Pampers with my two children as they are not prone to the leakage issues I have had with other store brand diapers . Amazon meets or beats the price of the leaky store brand with top shelf products . Even better - the diapers were shipped to my door for free as part of my Amazon Mom subscription.Just Awesome !
 I mostly use cloth diapers , though I have these as a back-up to use if we 're on the go or if he 's sick . Was happy with Swaddlers , moved onto Baby Dry when he outgrew those and continue to be satisfied . Only time it ever leaked was when I waited too long between changes .
 I 've used pampers for 4 kids over a 20 year span . They 're still a favorite . They smell better than some brands -LRB- smell like a baby -RRB- and dont leave those little white beads on baby 's bottom like another name brand . Only problem is once in a while when putting one one , a tab pulls off , but that is rare .
 I am on kidlet # 3 . 2 boys and 1 girl . I LOVE LOVE LOVE Pampers . They are the best ! They are soft , the velcro on the tabs always holds , and they never leak . They are well made and worth the extra $ $ $ .
 I 'm happy with the quick shippment , but hope to have a cleaner package of the product by the next time . Because it 's the product for baby , i 'm kind of picky about the neatness . Thank you .
 We recently had our 3rd baby . And I have always been a fan of the pampers baby dry . Well to find it at this price in a case this large and top it off with free 2 day delivery right to my doorstep . It is AMAZING !! We plan on using amazon for all our diapering and potty training needs as long as they stay teamed up with pampers ! GREAT DEAL !!!
 I love the discounts available thru amazon.com , got the diapers delivered to my door for less than I would have paid at Walmart !
 These diapers work really well for my 13-month old son . They keep him dry and do the job that is needed . You can not beat the price on these that you can get on amazon .
 We 've used Pampers Baby Dry for four months now for our son and we love them . He 's never had a leak with them and they hold a lot . He 's currently sleeping ~ 11 hours at night and he can last the whole time on just one diaper . It 's pretty full in the morning but his skin is still mostly dry .
 I found these diapers to be the best for my 13 month old . No leaks .
 This is the best diaper so far i have used . Not too thick like Huggies , no plastic feeling like Luv . wonderful .
 I 've been trying different brands and so far Pampers baby - Dry are my favorite . They are soft , durable , last through the night without leaking , and overall , just very convenient . I would definitely recommend this product .
 I usually get generic , but calculated these at just pennies more . Tried them and am NEVER going back haha ! Thin as a maxipad ! I thought they 'd never hold up , but they hold TONS more than generic and better than that ... they wick away moisture better than any diaper I 've ever used . LOVE these .
 Very pleased with this product . Keeps baby dry all night ! Wonderful price on Amazon and I love the auto ship .
 These are the best diapers I have tried ! Great for overnight protection ! Top choice by far !
 i loved this item but i gon na move out of the country , so i had to cancel . My baby never had problem with these diapers.thanks .
 have been using this for the last three months on my new born baby and see that she never had any discomfort in the day or in the night .
 I have used Pampers ever since my son was born and I have yet had a wet bed an occasional blow out but these diapers keep my baby dry no rashes and holds alot of urine . I will never switch worth the price and even cheaper if you subscribe
 My daughter always suffered from a diaper rash and Pampers Baby Dry is the only diaper that stopped it.I tried other products from Pampers , Hughes and Kirkland but all of them gave her rash .
 It was a good deal and delivered promptly . Pampers dry are the perfect fit for my kid and she now does n't feel any wetness with it .
 We were using Swaddlers for our son and he just was n't happy with them - he would make the tiniest little pee , a couple dribbles at best and he would start screaming . We would literally go through 5 diapers in 10 minutes ! We decided to go with Baby Dry for the daytime and he 's so content ! We still change him often but we are n't wasting diapers on an eyedropper full of pee anymore.We like them better than Swaddlers for a couple other reasons
 I have tried many types of diapers for my son and Baby Dry are the best for the price . I looked at several different sites and stores and no one can beat the prices on Amazon . Plus the shipping is FREE . Also , if you order too many and your baby grows our of them , you have the option to exchange them and the return shipping is free .
 I got a great deal with the Subscribe & Save option and coupon codes ! Pampers Baby Dry diapers fit great and are less bulky so work well with tights .
 I only bought pampers because I heard they are the best . . however im rethinking that due to all the poop explosions my daughter has in them !
 We started out with Pampers swaddlers for newborns in the hospital . We just graduated to these , and I love them for my little boy . He 's 8 weeks , and 12lbs . We have NEVER had a leak . These are wonderful .
 i am very satisfied with pampers . it 's the only diaper i used for my other kids and still using it .
 Great diapers and with Subscribe and Save how can you get diapers any place else ??
 These are exceptional diapers ! They are far superior to the Pampers Swaddlers that the hospital sent us home with . The Swaddlers were nice , but we have had several leaks while using them and not a single leak using the Baby Dry . The price is the best around when you sign up for the Amazon Mom program.Since size seems to matter with diapers , our baby is ~ 10 lbs and 20 '' .
 As a busy mom , it is great that I have one less thing to worry about and that is the automatic diaper delivery I receive at my doorstep every month . It is definitely much more convenient than going to the store and lugging around a large box of Pampers .
 Pampers are great diapers , well worth the few extra dollars . Plus on Amazon I paid only $ 28 -LRB- w / free shipping -RRB- compared to $ 40 - $ 50 at the stores .
 These do well with my son who 's 8 months . I wish they had the line on the front like the swaddlers but I 'm still happy with the product . The pampers are a little larger than the huggies brand so I 'll get a little more time using the lesser expensive size 3 .
 We have used the Pampers Baby Dry line for both our son and daughter . We tried other diapers and found that these had the best fit , with the fewest leaks . No diaper is perfect , but these seem to be the best .
 These diapers have been my go to with both my children . They do not leak overnight , and do not cause any skin irritation like other diapers . If you are looking for a quality diaper , order Baby Dry diapers !
 Pampers is always a great product . I 've never had a problem with it . It 's the only diapers that I like to use .
 I sent these to my brother and sister-in-law for their newborn daughter . They say they are great diapers , much nicer than the store brand they were purchasing .
 I love these 100 times more than the baby dry pampers . If I ca n't use cloth I use the cruisers !
 I 've been using a mix of these and the Swaddlers and I definitely prefer these . They survive a full night 's sleep on my five month old with no leaks . Have not had that luck with any other diaper . Shipping was awesome , got them the next day .
 This is the best diaper on the market for the money . Period . We need to use the Huggies overnights while he sleeps , but other than that , this is the perfect diaper . Pleasant smell , cute characters , tabs work great ! Hopefully P&G does n't mess with these like they 've messed with so many of their other products lately .
 Great diaper ... and you ca n't beat Amazon 's price on the subscribe and save/mom club combo . For me , these are less expensive than buying the member 's mark brand diapers ! -LRB- Sam 's Club brand . -RRB- I was n't looking for a fancy diaper , just one to hold in whatever is coming out of my kid and these do the trick !
 As a Dad that has had more than his fair share of leaky diapers , I am very happy with this brand of Pampers . I have noticed that on my 10 month old daughter , she is able to be active and I have n't had any leaks , which unfortunately has not been the case with some of the other brands . I recommend this product , and am very happy with Amazon 's price point .
 Not as soft as Pampers Swaddler , but I prefer them to the regular Huggies and like them equally as the Huggies Little Snugglers which are much more expensive . Very absorbent , never got a leak with them and my baby sleeps for 12 hours at night .
 My daugher loves the pampers and what is really nice through the Mom 's club , they are shipped to her every month , with a high count than you can find at the stores -LRB- all of them -RRB- and the lowest price I 've seen anywhere . It 's great not to have one thing to worry about and a great gift that keeps on giving . Changing sizes is not a problem either . We both really like the product , my Granddaughter has tried 5 or 6 other brands and nothing fits her like Pampers . You ca n't go wrong with the quality , quantity and the price .
 First time parents . We used Pampers Swaddlers from the start , but later experimented with other brands and styles . We liked the swaddlers the best - good fit , minimal leaks . BUT once our son got to size 3 , the swaddlers were more expensive , so we tried the Pampers Baby Dry . LOVE THEM ! Still a good fit with minimal leaks , even though he 's crawling , mobile and very active . The prices are decent and we always find deals and coupons to combine with . We do n't plan to change brands at all !
 These are bar none the best newborn diapers we 've tried . They are super absorbent and allow our little guy to stay asleep longer even after wetting the diaper . They are so absorbent that it is hard to tell if he is wet or not ! They fit well , are soft , and ride high up his back to keep poo where it belongs . No poo explosions with these guys . We 're pleased with them , and please that Amazon ships them to our front door for a better price than even the big-box wholesalers.Try them , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Love the fact that I can buy diapers for both my kids in bulk without having to leave my house !
 We found that we could buy diapers from Amazon when looking for larger sizes for my grandson who has brain damage . Now we buy all diapers for all the grandchildren . The subscribe and save is awesome . Diapers delivered to the door . No shipping . You can cancel anytime or change size . I have done both . If you do n't use this service you are losing a lot of money .
 I pay MORE at my local store -LRB- price tax -RRB- and get LESS diapers per box -LRB- 128 -RRB- than this deal -LRB- 176 ! -RRB- . My only regret is not buying this way sooner . I could have saved hundreds in diaper costs over the span of 2 years that I 've been buying diapers . I do n't know if Costco or Sam 's Club sell this specific brand in mega-size or bigger but I doubt you can get a better deal without leaving your home or paying a membership to get a cheaper deal . I will be buying diapers this way from now on .
 Got here a few days later than expected but Ive used Pampers for awhile . NOT good for little babies but GREAT for toddlers . NOT a good fit but much more absorbent than Huggies . I reccomend Huggies for up to 18 mos . about 12 mos and up i reccomend pampers
 We love Pampers Baby Dry . We have used it with both of our boys . The economy size you get so many diapers for your money . Plus Amazon Mom gives a great discount . And if you can get any coupon codes , you can score a BIG discount on diapers . WE LOVE AMAZON !!
 These diapers are way better for chunky babies . Their weght is broader than other brands an fit better . More bang for your bucks
 The diapers fit well , and allow for plenty of movement for my 21 month old toddler . She can almost wear them through the night without leaking , it just depends on how much liquid she had before bed time . I also bought the pampers over-night diapers , but those are horrible , she 's leaked through those every night , and they cost twice as much . For a good over-night diaper i now use the Huggie 's over-night one 's , they have n't leaked on her yet , but as far as regular day diapers Pamper 's baby-dry are terrific !
 Product was as expected -LRB- superior Pampers product -RRB- - excellent service as far as delivery . Nice to have those big boxes delivered right to your door .
 I use these diapers for my son ... we have been alternating between Cruisers and Baby Dry . Now that he is walking , Baby Dry seem to be more comfortable for him , and they do n't get as heavy as the cruisers . He sleeps good with these diapers , walks good , and they do a great job at keeping the moisture away from his skin . I 'm all about these diapers right now .
 After trying both Huggie and Pampers products , I 'd prefer Pampers as their diapers are not as bulky , but very absorbent . I can tell right away when my baby needs to be changed . Thanks to Pampers .
 This is a great deal . We bought these diapers over a month ago and we are still not out . Plus we LOVE Pampers !
 A former Cruisers loyalist , I switched to Baby Dry after trying them while on vacation with our first child . I 've had no leakage issues -LRB- we have two boys and a girl -RRB- and can oftentimes find a great deal w / coupons and a sale -LRB- or here at amazon -RRB- . I absolutely recommend this brand !
 We have used the Baby Dry diapers for the last year . Hands down these are the best diapers we have tried for overnight use . Sure there are the occasional nights my daughter overfills them , but she sleeps for 11 to 12 hours each night and it is expected . It has happened maybe 10 times out of 365 , so no big deal here . Overall I am more than completely satisfied and my daughter certainly has no complaints . We are expecting our 2nd in a few months and Pampers is all I intend to use .
 I really wanted to be `` greener '' with my diaper choice , but found that Seventh Generation leaked way too often . These Pampers hardly ever leaked . We did have a few blowouts as she got closer to the upper end of the weight range .
 Still gave this diaper 5-stars even though it does finish second to Pampers Swaddlers for newborns - especially smaller newborns . However what helped this earn 5 stars was the good pricing and the fact that these diapers do work well . I would recommend these .
 We 've tried many brands of diapers between amongst our daughters and Pampers Baby Dry are by far the best ! No leaks -LRB- unless the diaper is getting too small -RRB- and great protection for my daughter !
 We have used Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers on our daughter ever since she was born , and ever since she was about a month old , we have used the Baby Dry diapers at nighttime -LRB- we have never tried using them during the day -RRB- . She is now eleven months old , and we have only had one nighttime leak with Baby Dry diapers . Our daughter is a belly sleeper , and I think the diaper was just not put on tight enough to keep it from leaking out the front as she was on her belly -LRB- and moving around all night long ! -RRB- . Other than that one time , they always keep her dry all night long - from about 8:30 pm until 7am . She does not poop at night , so I do n't know how well they work with that , but they sure can absorb a LOT of pee !
 All in all , I like these diapers . My daughter wore the size 4 Baby Dry diapers and I decided to switch to the bigger ones . My daughter 's weight is 26 lbs and the size 4 was just too small for her . As she started gaining more weight she began growing out of these diapers because later on she started having leaks from the diaper at night . I decided to go with the bigger size 5 and that it should be better . Well they are great because they are bigger , but the problem is that they are too big . There 's space between her body and the middle of the diaper . So when she pees , at times the pee just comes out on the side instead of the diaper . The connection between the body and diaper is not good . I 'm sure when she gains more weight the diapers will be great again . Overall I like these diapers a lot .
 Pampers diapers are great ! I would buy again.My only concern was that I ordered using a coupon from Parent magazine and the coupon stated 2 day shipping . That was n't the case . In order to receive 2 day shipping I had to either do a free trail with amazon or pay for it . I chose to do the free trial .
 I switched to Pampers Baby Dry last fall when Pampers changed the design of Cruisers -LRB- which I now ca n't stand -RRB- . Baby Dry is less expensive and a superior product in my opinion . Not sure if it is a coincidence , but my daughter 's diaper rash cleared up after switching to Baby Dry too .
 The Pampers Baby Dry Diapers are the best `` all-purpose '' diapers our baby had -LRB- out of about 10 alternatives -RRB- .
 We can only use Pampers on my son because the others leak . These diapers are great !! They hold up all night long and he never wakes up with leaks !
 The product
 I am very satisfied with this order . The diapers keep my little one dry and this was a great deal for the amount of diapers that came in the box .
 these diapers were super cheap with the subscribe and save discount stacked with the coupon from parenting magazine . Free fast shipping . I could not be happier !
 These are a great deal . The 1-2s are smaller than I thought they would be . They are only slightly larger than ones . So think about that before you buy them .
 I love the Pampers Baby Dry diapers . My daughter has never had any leaks or diaper rash using them . I bought the economy pack thinking they 'd last a while . But at three months old and 11 1/2 pounds , I 'm finding that the straps barely fit and that the leg holes are digging into her skin . I 'm going to have to give them to my sister-in-law 's newborn so they wo n't go to waste .
 Great product , arrives on time in a perfect box each time . Ca n't beat the great price !
 we received our order about 4-5 business days after we placed the order . This is n't as prompt as many would like but is reasonable for on line orders . The product is just as good as you can buy anywhere else and the price is good .
 These tend to run bigger than the Cruisers so if you 're not ready to move up to the next size they help . I 've had a few leakage issues though but that would n't deter me from giving this five stars . They move well too , when they get wet they do n't become overly bulky .
 Do n't get confused here , this is n't a swaddler style diaper . There is NO , I repeat ... NO wetness strip . This diaper came up when we searched for swaddler and its our mistake for not reading closer . The diaper is a bit small in size compared to the swaddler ones and the lack of wetness strip makes it an easy 2nd place choice to the same size Pamper Swaddler .
 So awesome to be able to order a large box of diapers online and have it arrive at your doorstep . Love the product , love the service .
 These work better than any other brands we 've tried . My baby is big and long and these fit him well . Never had a leak !
 Pamper diapers are pretty good . They do not hold up as well as huggies as far as leaking goes , but for the price on Amazon its worth it !!
 I have subscribed this item and receive it every month . It works for my baby . The quantities are great that makes it very cheap to afford compared to what you get when you buy them in stores . I did lot of research and this is the cheapest place to buy diapers . The quality of the diapers is also good . I will continue to buy them from Amazon as long as I need them .
 I used to be a fan of Luvs but then they changed their materials and now they feel very plasticy rather than cloth-like . I like these diapers because they feel nearly cloth like , which if you are a new parent , that means they BREATHE and that reduces the amount of Diaper Rashes that your child might have.With the Amazon Mom pricing you get 30 % off which makes these a steal . Whenever I run out before I received my new shipment , I always have sticker shock at the prices . In my neighborhood store , a 30pk are almost 11 $ and that 's the average .
 I love Pampers because they really absorb well without being `` crunchy '' diapers . We do n't have any issues with them leaking and they last all night .
 Awesome price , I mostly use cloth diapers but I do use disposables too and amazon mom is a great way to go for these diapers .
 I find that these are the best diapers for our daughter . She 's been in them for a few months now and for the amount and the price , you ca n't beat it . I highly recommend this item .
 We use Pampers and this product was great for us ! It arrived quickly as Amazon promised and was by far the best in affordability . Would recommend to a friend .
 Just for those worried -LRB- like I was -RRB- about getting old non-flextab diapers from ordering this product
 I love these diapers . I used them in the beginning when they did not have baby flex . They were a bit binding and leaked easily . I then switched to luvs for the price but they did not have stretch tabs either my son was between size 3 and 4 so the extra room would cause leakage . Size 4 in pampers baby dry were just right and the flex tabs are comfortable for crawling and movement . I liked pampers cruisers but they were a little pricey . I love that the regular pampers have stretch for the same price . Now if only Luvs would do the same .
 My girls are 13 months old so I have had a LOT of experience with many different brands of diapers as well as diaper problems . Pampers Swaddlers & Pampers Baby Dry are our favorite and work better for us than any other brand.We 've tried : * Luvs-terrible , leaky diaper , may as well flush your money down the toilet if you buy these * CVS brand-terrible , leaky diaper , someone told us they worked well but they do n't * Parents Choice-okay but always leaked at night or on car rides * Huggies-okay/good . When my girls were wearing size 1-2 we switched from Pampers to Huggies since they were cheaper & Huggies is a good brand . Most of the time Huggies were fine BUT on a regular basis they were leaking at night or on car rides . Once my girls started wearing size 3 , the overnight leaks grew more and more and so did the car ride leaks -LRB- and not a long car ride -RRB- My girls are 17lbs & 20lbs and it seemed like there was not enough material on the front part that goes over their legs/sides of belly . After about a week straight of my daughter waking up completely soaked from her leaky Huggie , we switched back to Pampers . * Pampers Swaddlers-WONDERFUL for a newborn . My girls were Preemies when they were born & the hospital put them in newborn size Swaddlers folded way over . They were big on my girls but since they are so soft & flexible it was not a problem . We LOVED the Swaddlers . * Pampers Baby Dry-WONDERFUL once they outgrow Swaddlers . As I stated EVERY brand of diaper will leak or explode at sometime but with Pampers it happens way less often . Since I switched from Huggies where I dealt with a leaky or exploded diaper EVERY single night & EVERY single car ride with 1 of my daughters , I have had 1 diaper explosion from Pampers . My daughter drinks a 10oz bottle before bed so she does pee a LOT . Every car ride since switching to Pampers has been a dry one . In the mornings these diapers are full but the sides of my daughters outfits around the legs are dry-unlike the huggies where even if the diaper did n't leak , the side/legs of the diaper were damp and would always get my daughters outfits damp . Pampers also have more material so they are easy to get them to fit around my daughters legs/sides of belly . Pampers are also softer than any other diaper & more flexible . They also smell good!Hands down Pampers are the BEST Diaper on the market and the only ones we 'll ever use again ... unless someone else comes out with something better.Also , I 've seen some people say that Huggies work better than Pampers if you have a chubby baby . I disagree . When one of my daughters was younger she was short & really chubby & the Pampers fit her better than anything else ... they have the most material to go around the belly & are the most flexible.BabiesRus has the cheapest price for diapers & you can use coupons.Pampers may usually be more expensive than other brands but to have a happier & dry baby is WELL worth it . Not to mention washing sheets , clothes & car seat covers adds to the cost of the other diapers .
 I have three children in diapers . My oldest is 4 years old and is autistic . We have not been able to potty train him yet.We tried several brands only to find out that Pampers Baby Dry was always the one we went back to . No question ! No leaks ! But the cost of our diapers just adds up . Amazon has the absolute cheapest price I have found - in stores or on-line . And free shipping , and I got -LRB- ... -RRB- off with a promotion for baby items over -LRB- ... -RRB- prurchased . I made out ! And never had to leave my door ! Thanks Amazon ! Really !
 Boy , are these great diapers ! Plus , this is double the size of the regular packs of diapers -LRB- exactly -RRB- and it just makes it easier to have one this size and fill up your diaper stacker than it is to have a zillion of the smaller packs . I love having enough diapers for a week and since these are size 1 , you go through them like candy ! I 'm glad to have these and to have found them here on amazon.com . The diapers themselves are fantastic - the only ones we 've tried that do not leak . They absorb everything and quite frankly , I hate changing crib sheets so these are definitely worth the money . Plus , they do n't promote diaper rash as easily as the cheaper diapers do .
 We purchased Huggies and found that they leak those absorbers when she pees even when it 's not a lot . Then we decided to try Pampers since we liked them from the hospital . We prefer Pampers because they do n't excrete those absorbers that stick to our daughter 's skin like crazy . Also , the tabs do not scratch her skin or leave red marks like the Huggies do . Our daughter has sensitive skin so anything to reduce the irritation is fine with us . Pampers are a little more expensive but so are those medications to reduce the irritations .
 We have been usng Pampers since our baby was born and we have never had an issue . Our baby has never had any rash and the diapers never leaked -LRB- and there were mornings when we were amazed by the extra weight they had taken on -RRB- .
 this is the best !!!!! i ordered two boxes on oct. 14,2004 and although other reviews said they had problems with late shipments my pampers were both at my door in less than a week.not only did i get more pampers in this box than i usually get locally -LRB- 144 versus 126 -RRB- for the same price , there was no sales tax , plus free shipping and front door service . what more could you ask for ? thank you
 ive been purchasing diapers for years.these are perfect they are soft , absorb well even at night.they work better than the new cruisers.i have bought these and cruisers , the old ones worked well.the new ones leak everywhere especially infront.i have never had a poo leak from these diapers.unless your child has diarrhea there shouldnt be any leaks.these are also a better value than the cruisers .
 We have been buying this brand since our daughter was born , , , , and it has been a very nice brand to stick to , I have tried some other brands too , , but this works really well , , , , , it soaks a lot of wet stuff and never leaks . So I would certainly recommend people to buy this for their little ones .
 These are my favorite diapers . They hold well and the price on these were pretty good .
 Pampers baby dry diapers are better that the new and expensive drymax diapers . Subscribe and save is great option for diapers , excellent savings .
 I am a big fan of the baby dry pampers diapers because of all the liquid they hold !! I do not have to change him in the middle of the night -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- because these diapers work for up to 12 hours . And my son is breast fed , and he eats CONSTANTLY so he has the fullest diapers all the time , and i go the 12 hours every night and we have NEVER had a leak with baby dry . He leaked with luvs , huggies , Swaddlers with dry max , target brand and seventh generation . They also have the flexi things that are great too !! A + to baby dry 's !! I have NEVER had a pee smell out of these , and i find that the huggies and the pampers with dry max have a HORRIBLE pee smell . I also HATE huggies because the cotton bunches up and he gets the little gel things on his bum after an hour and a half of wear ? not acceptable.These diapers fit wonderfully and go the longest out of ANY diaper.BEST DIAPERS EVER . PERIOD.My son is now 10.5 months old and this is STILL THE BEST DIAPER . he still does NOT leak after sitting in them ALL night ... and still no pee smell , ever ! LOVE THEM !
 These are the only brand of disposables that my daughter can wear without breaking out in a horrible rash , so when I had the coupons to buy the box of 156 diapers for $ 2.50 I could n't pass up the deal !
 These diapers are great . They keep my daughter dry , and I kid you not , we have NEVER had a blow out with them . They are expensive , but really worth the price .
 The box of diapers came just as it was ; in the original box . It was supposed to be raining quite a bit where we sent the diapers to . So I was a bit disapointed b/c we intended on using the box to transport the rest back home -LRB- 1800 + mi -RRB- . Other than that it was ok . The so-called 2 day shipping was actually more like 5 days . Do n't understand that one ? As for the product , I have compared the pampers baby dry and cruisers to huggies little movers . My husband and I both loved the pampers when our son was not walking and crawling every where . Now that he is , we prefer huggies after having a few blow-out diaper accidents . We like pampers in general , however the contoured shape of the little movers has not let us down with the really messy diaper incidents .
 pampers are the only diapers I will recommend . They are soft and non-irritating to my baby 's skin . My baby has not experienced any rashes and is able to sleep through the night thanks to their super absorbancy !
 Great purchase , great price . I love buying in bulk when it 's such a great deal like this .
 Me and my little son love these diapers . They are so much more durable than the other ones we 've tried by some of the other big name brands .
 I have tried many different brands of diapers for both of my children but I have always found Pampers to be the best . I love having them delivered and you ca n't beat the subscribe and save price .
 Tried a lot of brands and found these to be the best . The only gripe I have that they seem to fit my 17lb kid just right . Not sure of how it will fit as she grows .
 I have used Pampers Brand diapers for both of my sons . They are best for leakage protection . I used to buy generic diapers because Pampers are typically more expensive . But , since I signed up as an Amazon mom and get the subscribe and save discount , Pamper are cheaper and I get them delivered to my home for free . They are even cheaper than at Sam 's Club which is the cheapest I have found in our area .
 I got these diapers because I know the pampers brand is good and they were a very good price on Amazon . They have never failed me yet ! They are soft also as some cheaper diapers are hard to the touch .
 Pampers is a trusted product in our home . Other brand have been tested and we keep coming back to Pampers .
 I have a 9 month old and for my baby shower we got packs of many different brands . After trying them all these were the ones . They are thin and not bulky . We rarely have a blow out . They fasten securely and my daughter seems very comfortable . They keep her dry and seem to breathe well as she has yet to EVER have diaper rash when wearing them . Granted I change her regularly and do n't let her sit in a dirty diaper . Would Recommend !
 This is the first time we dried anything other than snugglers or swaddlers . Definitely a great price . Lasted us more than two months . So far , after one month of usage , their have n't been any leaks or blow outs . They fit our fairly small son well enough . No rashes or reactions either .
 I have been using these diapers for years now . I have less leaks than in any other in this price range or less . I do prefer the pampers cruisers if they were on sale or close in price . All in all , less leaks than huggies or luvs , no gaps in the leg holes even with my skinny babies/toddlers , not too perfumey , and the cheapest on Amazon . Cant beat 16 cents a diaper !
 When my two oldest boys were babies , we were die-hard Pampers fans . Eventually they got a bit expensive for our income , so we switched to a cheaper brand , but were anxious to try Pampers again with our third baby boy . What a mistake ! The diapers were leaky and awful . So , we swore we would never buy Pampers again because * something * must have changed with the diapers to make them not work so well , right ?! Lo and behold , our baby girl was born and we received a package of Pampers as a gift . She did n't make it through a single diaper before we realized they leaked somethin' fierce , so we swore off Pampers again . Well , my competing brand `` Subscribe and Save '' order was n't due for several more weeks and I needed diapers for her ... pronto . We figured since she was now in a size 4 and Pampers were on sale -LRB- with a coupon , too -RRB- we should try them out . Okay , okay ... it helped that the Pampers were the only diapers in size 4 that were left on the shelf ... I do n't know if it 's sizing or design or what , but we have yet to have a single problem with the size 4 . I see a lot of complaints regarding the smaller sizes , so maybe Pampers are a better diaper in bigger sizes ? I do n't know . All I know is that the Pampers Subscribe & Save deal is now better than my other brand , so I cancelled the other brand 's subscription and I am anxiously awaiting my first shipment of Subscribe & Save Pampers .
 Loved this size box and the delivery right to my door ... satisfied with the price too . I could n't do much better with coupons and sales in a store . Sad that the 204 count is no longer available .
 We have tried every single diaper with my son , by far these are the best . He is on the chubby side so the expandable waist is great for him . We experience no leaks during the day , but during the night we do get diaper leaks -LRB- took away one star for that -RRB- , so we do use a different diaper at nights .
 Love ordering these from amazon ! It 's so simple and easy ! It 's great not having to run to the store to get diapers - these are delivered right to my door ! What could be better than that ?
 It came fast , is like the picture , works perfect , it fits great , i will buy it again , no problems , good product
 My son put these diapers to the test . Many nights he would try and exceed their capacity . As long as I changed him after 12 hours , I never had a problem .
 Best diapers ever ! Believe me , with my two kids I tried a lot ! Good leakage protection , thin -LRB- what is very good for summer -RRB- .
 The Pampers were a great bargain for the price ! I wish they actually worked closer to the `` up to 12 hours '' promise ... I really wanted them to help get through the night with my 16 month old , because her diaper ends up leaking around 4 hours into it . . So I still have to continue to wake her up in the middle of the night to change her . Which sometimes can be a HORRIBLE task ! I do feel that they have the best fit for the size though . . Overall , I would definitely buy this brand and this `` economy Pack '' again ! Good Deal !
 exactly what I wanted and for a great price . Best of all it ships to my door automatically each month as I selected . It takes the worry away about one thing of being a parent !
 Great price with subscribe and save for good diapers . Never had complains about pampers , but I 'm not picky . Like buying in such a big size box !
 Does the job . Love the amount and the price . I would recommend this service to anyone who wants to save money .
 these diapers are very soft and hold well to messes , my only complaint is that they seem a bit on the smaller size than most diapers .
 it is an excellent item and fast delivery brand new good quality for a excellent price i really appreciate it
 LOVE these diapers . I have used a few different types and my son soaked through them . I used these both night and day , and for night I add a diaper liner b/c I do n't think any diaper can handle 12 hours . If your son -LRB- it is usually the boys ! -RRB- leaks through his diapers at night , buy the Bumkins diaper liners , fold 2 into quarters and place them in the front making sure the `` hose '' is pointing down . Since I have done this + Baby Dry diapers , no leaks !
 We used Swaddlers , which we loved , but once my son started to sleep through the night we switched to Baby Dry . The Baby Dry are still very soft and flexible but have a larger holding capacity . -LRB- In our opinion . -RRB- He has only leaked through once so we are very pleased with this product . We have also tried the Huggies comparable to Baby Dry and found that they are not nearly as soft or flexible and do n't fit my son the same way .
 I used pampers swadlers for my baby girl until she grow out of it . I give pampers dry a try and it 's fine . It misses the wet indicator but of course by size 3 you become an experienced mum .
 We Love Pampers for our twins ! The diapers wisk away moisture and keep diaper rashes to a minimum ! Work well overnight too !
 Great product , but it would be helpful if the brand could post sizing info -LRB- eg . size 2 = 10 to 16 lbs -RRB- . Thanks
 I love pampers dry diapers . They do keep baby dry unless really full but it can hold a lot . I have been using these since my baby was born . The deal on Amazon is great when you subscribe .
 Pampers diapers are the best diapers . I would not recommend any other brand of diapers . No matter what stage and/or size your child is , this brand works the best .
 These are the best diapers we 've tried so far . My son is tall and lean with a little potbelly , and these fit great . We can get them tight enough on the sides and around the legs , but they 're not too tight on his belly . Unfortunately , since they 've gone up in price for us since Amazon changed their Amazon Moms program , we 'll probably switch to Luvs Ultra Leakguard , which we 've found are almost identical but cheaper . The only thing I do n't like about Pampers is that they have a colorful pattern on them , and I wish I could find a diaper that worked well and was just plain white so that it would n't show through light colored clothing .
 I LOVE buying pampers on-line . They arrived in 2 days with free shipping and no tax . I ca n't find a better deal even with them being on sale and using coupons .
 I have been using the Baby Dry diapers on my 2nd child and they have not failed me yet . I was spending the extra on the premium diapers -LRB- Cruisers -RRB- but have realized it does n't make a difference , for this kid at least . I felt like for my first child the Cruisers were a necessity over the Baby Dry , but now I 'm happy with the latter . Saves me a few dollars and I LOVE subscribe and save !
 Bottom line I absolutely love the product from my child and think the price is great ! Amazon does a great job shipping and it is one less thing I have to put in my cart at the grocery store . Buy diapers on Amazon one of the best things I have done as a mom .
 I 'm still considered a new mom I only have one toddler she is 2 years old . I only order her diapers online now . I have gone to the stores in my town and her size is always always always sold out but with amazon her size is always here and here . I 'm also amazon prime and I ger her diapers in 2 days after I order them . I love it that hold everything and more . I have told friends this is the only way I will ever order her diapers .
 Great Buy !!!!! Cheaper then the club stores or box stores . They always on time at your door step . Thanks ,
 I send these diapers to my daughter every month . She tells me that they are the best for keeping my grandson dry . She would n't purchase any other brand .
 Pampers Baby Dry Diapers are the best diapers . They soak well throughout the night with minimal leakage occurring -LRB- 1 or 2 times in a month -RRB- compared to Huggies Snug and dry and Little movers . I did go away with them as the leakage % was approximately 70 % and above for night time usage.Here i am comparing apples to apples . Here i am not talking about overnite diapers at all . The only Con for the Pampers and other diaper brands are rashes .
 I tried the swaddlers , sensitive and a few other brands . However when I tried the baby dry it was like night and day ! My poor baby had diaper rash while using the other pampers diapers and huggies so I thought it was something in my milk ! We used hiney goop alot ! I have to say that when we started using this diaper his rashes cleared up ! They did n't have the rough texture around the waste line either . The only thing that I did notice was that after urination the diaper did have a slightly weird odor almost like he had a bm in the diaper . Hence the four and not five stars ! Hands down the best diaper by Pampers !
 Fast Shipping.The diapers are great , soft and not easy to leak .
 Great product at a great price plus free shipping ! Does n't get any better than that ! I have worked in daycare for 11years now and still claim pampers to be the best brand out there for diapers and wipes!P.S . I 'm also a mom : -RRB-
 My baby is 2 years old and I have tried just about every diaper on the market . Pampers Baby Dry are , by far , my favorite . This is also a great value on Amazon especially if you sign up for regular delivery and get the discount .
 This diaper is very good for new born babies whose naval cord is still hanging there , it is kind of u shaped which prevents baby 's cord . Amazon is really good in shipping and the product is as expected . Certainly buy this for new born babies upto 10 lbs .
 I have been using Pampers since my baby was born . I have tried Huggies , but , I am just not happy with their product . The diapers seem to be less absorbent and a little too rough for my baby 's tush . I have not had any problems with diaper rash , either . Pampers seems to be the best choice out there .
 This product worked just as it was advertised . It is a good product for a good price . We recommend this for others as well .
 I have been using Pampers BabyDry for a longtime . My son is 17 months now and it works like a charm . It stays dry for a longtime where few other brands gave a bad smell . This one doesnt smell at all and good quality.I wud recommend this to everyone . ***** out of 5 stars . : - -RRB-
 I had never really tried Pampers before because other moms would tell me that they were of inferior quality than Huggies . However , I have found Pampers to be as effective as Huggies for a substancially lower price.I am also not a 100 % sure , but it smells to me like Pampers diapers are scented which gives a little something extra in my book .
 I like diapers from Pampers . I have been using this brand always for my daughter . It is of good quality .
 This is a product you do n't want to run short of . Pampers are resilient and reliable . The value for money with Amazon Prime shipping is evident .
 Mo matter what diaper we have tried in a year and a half , pampers are the only ones to always leave us 100 % satisfied . With the quality of the diapers , the large boxes , the convenience of subscribe and save , and the discount through amazon mom we could n't be happier with our diapering situation .
 This product was exactly like the description said . Great product , speedy delivery , good price ! Thanks for the good bargain ! I 'll be purchasing from you again !
 I have four children and this is the only diapers that did not leak or cause my child to break out in a rash . I believe it is best for the skin if you can do cloth but if you are using diapers this is the one to pick ! I only buy pampers baby dry -LRB- the other pampers cause my babies to have rashes -RRB- . These diapers will hold all the pee and runny poo =-RRB- The price on subsribe and save is great and with no tax or shipping how could you go wrong ?!
 We love these , we never ever leak or poop thru . It does n't matter how he 's laying or if he 's on the more snug side of a size , they always serve their purpose well ! Love em ' !
 I have been using Pampers for the first and second child for several years without any problem.I 'm really satisfied with this product as well as Amazon 's resonable price and delivery service.I want amazon.com to keep the price range for a long time .
 these are the nighttime go-to diapers . very seldom is there a leak . they fit well and do the job very well .
 Really happy I started ordering diapers on-line ! Amazon has great fast service . Pampers makes a good product . Best of all -- Great Price !
 Started using it 3 months ago for my 10 month old son and I cant get enough of it !!
 Like them and the smell of them is great . I send them as baby gifts for 2 time parents !
 As a mom of 4 , I have lots of experience with diapers ! I tried to go the `` cheap '' route early on , but quickly discovered that it does not actually save you money to use cheap diapers . Basically , you end up changing them more often and are more likely to experience what I like to call `` blow outs . '' Even when compared to the other name brands , Pampers out performs them every time . They abosorb more and end up saving you money and having to do more washing in the long run . I really love that pampers introduced t he baby dry which are less expensive but just as good as the cruisers from my extensive experience !
 My wife and I have tried various diaper brands , and aside from the rectangular design , we have been very pleased with this product .
 truly dry , no leak - very very happy with this one , have tried almost all other Pamers . but this one is the best .
 Great value for the price . No leaks . Easy to put on . Run a little bit small so if baby is close to end of weight range , order next size up .
 Pampers Baby Dry have been the best diapers ! I get coupons from competitors in the mail , and I used to use them , but all the other diaper brands leaked ! I realize every baby is different , but for my moving toddler , these diapers kept her the driest . Plus , they compare in price to other diapers . I wo n't use anything other than Pampers Baby Dry . They are the best !
 I love Pampers and would never think of switching . No nighttime leaks and well worth every penny . Buying on Amazon subscribe and save really makes them affordable . Thank you Pampers .
 I have been ordering pampers diapers for my grandson for the past year . I purchase a box and have it sent to his home , and I love the idea that if I forget to order and get to it at the last moment , I can always order and know it will be there in 2 days.I will continue to do it until he is out of diapers .
 I always loved Pampers brand diapers , so getting this huge box of 222 size 3 for under $ 40 in the subscribe and save program was really wonderful . They 're delivered for free , and I can change the size or cancel the order at any time . These pampers do not leak , even if left on all night . Very satisfied . And do n't forget to register your gifts-to-grow points on pampers.com .
 Great product ! Exactly what I ordered and on time . No leakage and very comfortable for my children . Will place another order right now
 Works great on my little one . We did try different brands but for some reason Pampers seem to be good fit for her .
 Fantastic ! My son has had some pretty big messy diapers but not once have we had a leak !! Very happy with Pampers Baby Dry diapers . We went from Pampers Swaddlers Newborn to Baby Dry size 1 . With the cost savings I wanted to give them a try and they work great ... Good gathers around the legs and the are snug at the waist , especially the backside . There have been some ` oh boy ' moments - anticipating a leak but NOPE ! My only wish is if they could have the color line indicator for wetness but I can actually tell by looking for that telltale yellow front or back -LRB- he 's breastfed -RRB- . It 's easy to see through the outside plastic and see if you have a full diaper . Two thumbs up !! I will definitely reorder . We are 3/4 through a case and have been using them for a month .
 I love them on my 14month baby she was using these before bit then started using pamper crusiers but they were a tad bit more expensive when these do the exact same thing . there great hold alot . PAMPERS ARE BETTER THAN HUGGIES.I TRIED THEM AND HAD A HORRIBLE EXPIERNCE . MY BABY WOULDNT HAVE THEM ON EVEN ON 20 MIN WHEN SHE WOULD BE LEAKING . THESE DIAPERS LAST HER GREAT ALL THROUGH THE NIGHT REAL FULL -LRB-
 I love Pampers Baby Dry . They are amazing . I was using Huggies Little Snuggles and my baby kept leaking through the diaper but they would always be dry in the back and full in the front and I though I was doing something wrong when changing until my friend gave me a Pampers baby dry to try and it work great and when I change the baby next time the diaper was absorbed all the way to the back no leaks and did n't have to change as often as they kept baby dry . This was very helpful when going on car rides and I did n't have to worry that my baby was going to wet through clothes and in the car seat and not have a place to change him . I will use pampers baby dry until he is potty trained .
 great quality , great price , never leaks , no blowouts = win!We only purchase pampers diapers now . The cute pattern of sesame street is nice to have , the tabs are soft and easily visable -LRB- pale green -RRB- rather than having to look for them , they 're obvious . These smell good and stack well . We are big fans
 What the heck !! Love the diapers but , The price on these went up 14 dollars in the last couple months !! so not cool !!
 We like these diapers a lot . When our toddler comes back from grandma 's with a different brand of diaper on , we are grossed out by how squishy and clammy they feel with strange chemicals oozing out . We 'll be sticking with Pampers and Amazon 's subscribe and save makes them cheaper than buying locally .
 These diapers really can hold for up to twelve hours of use . At least my son does n't fuss when he 's wet . I 've tried other diapers from Pampers and they are good but they leak overnight .
 My daughter is tall and skinny -LRB- 75th percentile for height and 10th percentile for weight -RRB- and these diapers have worked great for her since she was in the size twos . Very few blowouts when she was younger and now in the size threes and eating solid food , I do n't think we 've had any . She has sensitve skin and we have n't had any issues caused by these diapers -LRB- other brands yes , these diapers , no -RRB- . Here on Amazon they are the best price I 've found by far with Amazon Mom and Subscribe and Save . They always come quickly and we 've never had any issues with the packaging . Highly recommend .
 I like these diapers better than the swaddlers . The swaddlers have a mesh in the diaper that would stick to my sons bottom . These pampers are good as far as leak protection , but you can feel when the diaper is wet or poopy . The diaper gets warm or cold to the touch.I would recommend them for the price and quality .
 I love these diapers ! Yes , they are the exact same diaper as Luvs . They 're made by the same company at the same factories with the same exact materials . I did move my son up into size 5 's too soon though . I thought since he was leaking out of the size 4 's size 5 's might help ; oh buddy I was wrong .
 I used to buy diapers at the store since my daughter was born but a friend of mines told me about amazon with the amazon mom & suscribe & save I realized I could get the same brand of diapers Pampers BabyDry and get it cheaper . When I enrolled I paid $ 30 for a case of 222 size now - Not even 2 weeks later the case price was raised to $ 36 . Guess i 'm going to start shopping back at the stores.The diapers however are great ! Have n't had any leaking problems since she was born and she is 9 months now .
 We 've tried many different brands of diapers from expensive to cheap ones such as store-brands ; however , Pampers is the best one in terms of quality and money . It requires much less changes and saves us much money . Also , my kids feel much more comfortable with this diaper .
 This is a fantastic diaper . It can do what it says -- stand up to a 12 hours of peeing overnight . It handles big bowel movements well . It 's never leaked . My baby has not had any kind of reaction to the diaper . The only reason I give this diaper 4 stars is because Luvs does the same thing for much cheaper -- in this case about $ 15 cheaper for the same amount of diapers . Luvs does have a powder sent which I would not prefer if money were no object , however it 's not too strong and is worth it to save that amount of money per box .
 After trying many brands and types of diaper this one is our favorite . The other brands we tried before choosing this one were Luvs , Huggies , Pampers Swaddlers , Target brand and Parents Choice . I do wish it had the wetness indicator .
 I have not experience any leaks from these diapers at all . There is strong scenty smell from the diaper except for the smell of urine once the diaper is filled up . I highly recommend these .
 Pampers is such a trusted name & we love how soft & how perfect these diapers fit our daughter . Amazon usually has the lowest prices on both the internet & those sold in stores !
 I love Pampers diapers . I had been using Swaddlers and switched to Baby Dry because it was a lower price . I would say they are pretty comparable . I like the design on the Swaddlers better , the baby dry has blue and is not quite as soft but if you like swaddlers but want to pay a little less I think you 'll be happy with the baby dry .
 Have n't found a better price anywhere ! Plus , I burn zero gas getting to and from the store . At this size box , I 'm not likely to run out either !
 This is every moms dream is to have your diapers come to the door . Thank You Amazon ! I do n't have to stop and go get diapers .
 I give 5 star rating to this diapers just because I am very much satisfied with them . There might be others too as good as them but I never had a problem with these . My son -LRB- 4 months -RRB- never had a problem of rashes as these are soft and also never had a problem with leaking and stuff .
 We tried Pampers Baby Dry , Cruisers , Huggies and Target branded diapers before . Pampers Baby Dry is the best . Very soft and does not have a strange smell . The most important thing is that it does not cause rashes . Highly recommend this product .
 I am a Mommy of 2 -LRB- a 2 1/2 yr old and a 4 month old -RRB- so I have tested out all the major brands and types of diapers out there . I only used Swaddlers for our kids as newborns , since they have the umbilical cord cutout portion on the diaper , but once the cord falls off I switch right to Pampers Baby Dry diapers . They are super thin and the most comfortable for baby , and they absorb better than any diaper I 've tried on my kids . Huggies diapers only seem to be good when it comes to pull-ups since they have the velcro side tabs , but other than that it 's Pampers Baby Dry all the way !
 Good diapers at a good deal -- Amazon ships them automatically and being a member of the Mom 's club allows for a huge discount ... Go Amazon !
 i love pampers they are very affordable and durable . joining amazons mom really is a money saver and you ca n't beat their free shipping .
 I am normally very faithful about using Pampers Swaddlers because they are so absorbent but Swaddlers are n't bigger than size 3 so I thought I would give these a try for when we outgrow the Swaddlers . The Baby Dry was cheaper per diaper than Swaddlers and Cruisers . I am very pleased with the diapers , however , my son does leak through overnight . I do n't know if the diaper is totally to blame because he does sleep on his stomach some of the time and he is a super soaker at night ! I have been using these diapers for 4 weeks and I have enough diapers left to last another 2-3 weeks ! I think I will try Cruisers next to have something else to compare to . We definitely prefer the Pampers brand !!
 I have not found a cheaper way to obtain diapers . Sign up for amazon mom , and/or recurring shipment and get the best price w/free shipping !
 There are less expensive diapers out there , but I found that Pampers and Huggies might be more money , but are the better diaper too . I also found that Baby Dry diapers were the least expensive of the diapers that work . I have a girl and they work great . I really do n't even price check anymore . I just get these using amazon mom and subscribe and save and get them as cheap as I can . I lot easier shopping for diapers when you have your favorite , and these are definitely my favorite.Edit October 2012
 Pampers is always good for my baby . When ever i see a deal I stock them up . I bought size 3 144 pack
 I love pampers . When my babies are little , pampers are a must . This is a great value with as many diaper changes as you have to do a day . I ordered the diapers and received them the very next day !! No way could I get to walmart with 3 kids and buy diapers that fast !
 We 've used many different brands and the pampers seem to work best . They have n't caused skin iritation or leaked especially with our boys .
 I like pamper , but lately the Paper Baby Dri diapers has gotten even more thinner and it does n't seem to hold more .
 We have tried different diapers , but Pampers seem to be the best . They are soft , keep our baby dry and happy , and the velcro tabs are the best ! I highly recommend them .
 When I reorder the product through Amazon 's Subscribe & Save Section . I ca n't imput the extra 20 % off promotion code when checking out . And the system placed order for me right now . Couple minutes later , I figure out the way to use the coupon by setting up a new order through Subscribe & Save Section and I place a new order which will save 20 % for me . However , I find the previous order by the system can not be cancelled while the new cheaper order can be modefied . Just several minutes ! The only thing I can do is to cancel the later , the cheaper one . Amazon is so smart and nauseous .
 I only bought pampers because I heard they are the best . . however im rethinking that due to all the poop explosions my daughter has in them
 they are good diapers , although very expensive if not on sale cobined with coupons , compared to store brands
 Look nice , feel good but too small . My son got irritated at night whenever he pees .
 YES I TOO HAD TO SWITCH I HATE THE CRUISERS WITH DRY MAX I TRIED HUGGIES BUT MY BABYS PRIVETS WOULD STINK IN HUGGIES SO I NOW AM USING BABY DRY AND MY SON SMELLS FRESH IAM STILL INFURIATED WITH PAMPERS FOR CHANGING THE CRUISERS AND I REALLY DID NOT WANT TO BUY ANY MORE OF THEIR PRODUCTS BUT I CANT HAVE STINKY PRIVETS I WAS GOING TO SWITCH TO LUVS BUT LUVS AND PAMPERS ARE BOTH MADE BY PROCTOR AND GAMBLE SO FOR NOW I WILL BE USING BABY DRY BUT MY CHILDREN STILL WAKE UP WET
 These diapers retain wetness and do n't leak out the sides . For all those hard players who do n't have time to have a diaper change . They are soft and do n't bunch up . They are comfortable for the babies ' bottoms . The straps do n't tear off like other ones . What a waist that is ! Do n't you hate the diapers that do n't do the job ? I do . After I started buying these , we 've had no more accidents . When you buy Pampers baby diapers , you do n't have to worry and you get your moneys worth . And they are easy to put in diaper bags , so no more stuffing them till they are bursting at the seams . These are great !
 I 've been very frustrated with diapers specifically the leaks we have had in just about brand we have tried . Our latest experience was with the Pampers Cruisers the old and dry max version just released . No matter what we tried we had leaks mostly at night . I did call Pampers and they admitted in changing the padding on the cruisers and the new version with dry max would give us what we needed ; however , in trying these the leaks were the same . Now our neighbor has the same cruisers and they are having better luck but they are making purchases in stores versus online but I would n't think production would be different.Now that same neighbor did n't have a good experience with Pampers Baby Dry as we did so I 'm thinking some of it is based on the padding and how your child sleeps . Our daughter tends to sleep with her rear facing upward so I 'm thinking the leaks are from that sometimes . These diapers are great , fit her very nicely , and we love the tabs on these as well . I want to note that we have had ZERO leaks with the baby dry diapers so we are extremely satisfied .
 I ordered these by mistake thinking they were the Swaddlers and was pleasantly surprised when they did n't leak ! When I ran out I used some Swaddlers and they immediately leaked , I ca n't wait for my order of Baby Dry diapers to come in now , they are the best!The only thing I do like about the Swaddlers is the line that shows if the diaper is wet . Maybe they will add that to the Baby Dry diapers eventually .
 I purchased the Baby Dry by accident -- was trying to buy Pampers Cruisers , but when this arrived -LRB- and of course , we were out of diapers -RRB- , they immediately went to use . While they run smaller than the Cruisers , we have n't had any issues with blow outs or leaking urine yet . The kid is walking/crawling/falling and clothes stay dry . Considering that they are cheaper than the Cruisers and come in larger size bulk boxes , we will be switching .
 I was rather happy to see that Amazon.com carried the Pampers that we have come to love . No problems with leaks or the diapers slipping as some other reviewers have indicated.I have found that some other retailers are cheaper per diaper when purchasing a smaller box -LRB- Target has a 96 pack @ $ 19.99 , Wal-Mart has the 96 pack @ $ 18.97 -RRB- . With free shipping , the small difference makes it worthwhile to not have to go to a B&M ; store . The diapers arrived within 2 days and we could n't be more pleased .
 Our family is pampers proud . I will never use another type of diaper . They are the best . The only reason I gave this a 4 star is because you can get better deals on pampers at babies R us ... especially if you get their coupons in the mail . I order from amazon when I know I ca n't get to the store . They arrive pretty quick .
 I used to buy Pampers ' `` cruisers '' all the time . But after reading some of the reviews here , I decided to give `` baby dry '' a try . -LRB- I 'm a forever fan of Pampers , so no need to go to any other brands here . -RRB- `` baby dry '' has proven to be very economical . With 176 diapers in the package , they last a lot longer than the `` cruisers '' without having to compromise the quality . Price wise it 's cheaper too . This is my 2nd order and if nothing goes wrong , I 'm gon na continue ordering them . However it does seem to be not as soft as the `` cruisers '' but it 's keeping dry and I do n't consider that a critical factor at all . My baby is happy , no diaper rash and stays dry . What more could have one asked for?Mother of an 18-mo daughter
 This is a great product and having it arrive on schedule , on my front porch , without having to remember to order them is awesome . Thank you for the subscription service on this product ! Great idea !
 Good price and nice not having to run out to pick up diapers , with the free shipping right to our door this is a great deal !
 We tried Luvs , Huggies , and Pampers Swaddlers and we consistently had leaks during nap time as our little guy is a champion when it comes to making water . These baby dry diapers have cut down the leaks from several a day to maybe one every 3 or 4 days . Needless to say , we like them a lot !
 Good diapers . High price , would use store brand instead . Small babies do n't pee that much , so save money and buy cheaper diapers .
 Pampers has always been the best for our family with no leaks , no diaper rash , and happy babies . But my babies seem to be in size 3 seems for only a short time as they grow very fast . So 222 count was too much for only a few weeks in the size by the time it arrived .
 They do right to my baby boy . Hold his waste in for several hours and hardly any leaks what so ever , but if the diaper is n't properly put on , it does have leaks , but that 's more due to the user error , rather than the diaper itself .
 I bought them for my little princess , I use them , they are really good then any other name brands . N as well as they are expensive . But really gr8
 I try to help out my daughter with the grandbaby by getting things the baby needs while she is trying to go to college to be a nurse and work . . This was perfect , they are the only diapers we find that does n't leak on my granddaughter at night.Thank you for the excellent fast delivery .
 Very absorbent . I might switch to lesser quality diaper because it kept my 2 yr old too comfortably dry and its not good for potty training .
 My 13-month old has taken to drinking more milk/juice/water during the day so naturally he is &#34; going &#34; more at night . These diapers are a sheet-saver , mood-saver , and little bottom-saver with the stay-dry absorbancy . Pampers , you guys rock .
 These are the best diapers that we have tried , and there are quite a few ! They hold everything in , are light weight , and do n't have a fake baby smell . They are great !
 These are my favorite diapers . They hold everything in , fit great , and are much more compact than other brands . I highly recommend them .
 We use Subscribe and Save to purchase our baby 's diapers . What a great service ! The price is very competitive , and usually beats the local store prices -LRB- even with coupons -RRB- . We use the Pampers brand because they absorb well - our baby is a heavy wetter . We also collect the Pampers Gifts to Grow points and redeem them when we have enough .
 Always used pampers dry ! 7 years ago I tried this product when I have my first baby . It was great ! Now my second baby is using this diapers , too . No rash , soft and comfortable
 the best kept my granddaughter nice comfortable and dry . would defiantly buy this product again . You will not be disappointed .
 With the coming of my twins , I had to save as much as I can . So I used cheaper diapers ... but soon even with putting generous amount of diaper rash cream every change , diaper rash came in red , raw pimple-like bumps and even bleed . I decided to change and use pampers and was amazed at how quick the rash was gone . Pampers diaper is lightweight and breathable . Very good for the nite especially if the baby can sleep through . Wo n't leak .
 I 'm a mother of 4 children under the age of four , 3 of whom are in diapers . I talk to a lot of moms , and for some , Huggies is the brand of choice , but for my kids , I always have relied on Pampers . Every time my kids wear another brand , those diapers prove to be unreliable -LRB- and somewhat disasterous -RRB- . Pampers have always worked on my skinny-bummed children , all of whom are tall and not `` built like bricks '' or on the chunky side . I highly recommend these diapers .
 Buying it here with the subscription discount is the best deal you can get on diapers . Even costco is more expensive and Pampers is much much softer then Huggies .
 Size 3 diapers fit my 10 month old great . Have been using the baby dry since he was 4 months old . Pampers are great for slim boys . Worked on my first son too . We are pampers fans .
 The product is great , and Amazon service is exceptional . Love doing on line shoping . Deliver on time , just before we ran out of last batch .
 I bought several cases of the Huggies little snugglers on a great sale before my daughter was born and they worked great . My husband especially loved the color-changing strip that indicated when her diaper was wet . We ran out after a few weeks , and the size 1 diapers were still too large for her . So I bought these ones , since they were cheaper than the Huggies . When I first opened the box and took them out , I thought they felt much cheaper -LRB- less quality -RRB- than the Huggies and I worried that they would n't work as well . I was actually pleasantly surprised at how well they have worked . We have had a few leaks on poopy diapers that were n't blow-outs , more than we did with the other brand , but for the most part they have been very good diapers that have worked very well for us .
 I really like these pampers for my long skinny 13 # baby ! Iv ' e been using them over a month , and they have n't leaked at all . One lasts through the night for my baby.Would recomend getting big pack . You will be able to use them for awhile because of the adjustable size .
 my boys love pampers baby dry as it doesnt give them any diaper rash and hold really well . baby dry is comfortably thin.I have switched to other diapers before , bur kept coming back to pampers baby dry .
 I like pampers , both of my babies are using pampers since they were born . The only thing that I was little bit disappointed is that for my older son when he was about 18 months , the diaper actually leaked . I am not sure if it was because of my son moved around a lot or what . Also sometimes when he woke up , it leaked out a little bit . This is only the downside that I had . Otherwise , its a good product . Very soft and gentle for my babies ' skin .
 This is a good quality product . The leakage is almost none . We have been using it for quite some time now and are very satisfied .
 These are great diapers . They feel almost like cloth and they rarely ever leak . We tried huggies on our child , but he immediately got a diaper rash . We started comparing different diaper brands and were even buying the Parent 's Choice diapers at Wal-Mart for a while . I then realized that Amazon 's subscribe and save was cheaper per diaper for Pampers than Parent 's Choice . We have been very satisfied with these diapers and are using them on both our children . I just wish Amazon had n't changed the Subscribe and Save discount . A lot of us count on that discount to take care of our kids . Please Amazon help us out a little . I 'm glad I still had my subscription active so that I can keep the 30 % discount . I would recommend these diapers for anyone !
 These diapers keep my daughter dry longer than the others we have tried . Also I love the deal . It lasts us over a month at a time which is great !
 I 've tried some cheaper diapers and they work well too , but these are just better ! It 's just a few extra bucks when I buy on the subscription plans so I get these to keep my baby girl 's booty from getting red from being moist . I 'm literally `` pampering '' her by buying these .
 Pampers Baby Dry are the best diapers around for daytime use in my opinion . We tried many other kinds before and these were the only ones that would hold in all of my daughter 's pee . Wish they were cheaper , but otherwise they 're great !
 this is the best diapers i have ever used . soft on baby 's skin.my baby like 's it . much better than huggies .
 This was an absolutely awesome deal on great diapers ! Pampers diapers have always been my favorite and I am thrilled that I do n't have to carry the boxes while grocery shopping with 4 kids .
 Regardless of the cons that I will list , Pampers Baby Dry are my # 1 diapers . Here are my pros and cons.Pros
 I love these diapers as far as fit and for during the day wear , but my 6 month old son soaks through them almost every night . I used pampers with my daughter and did not have this issue , so it might just be that boys pee more in the front so thus it has more holding in the front . they are still a great product and for sure a great value !
 Much better than huggies diapers . They hold liquid better and fit my 27lb daughter much better as well . She 's almost 2 so hopefully around then we 'll go to either pullups or real underwear then . In the meantime though ... we 'll stick with these . I 've tried Luvs and I 've tried huggies ... . and for whatever reason neither of them fit our daughter particularly well . She 's on the tall but slender side so while even the size 3 diapers would fit her a the waist , they do n't come up high enough to really be effective . Add in that these hold way more liquid than the size 4 diapers ... . and we 're doing good .
 I recently had to babysitting for a couple of days my 15 month old twin grandsons , and had to change lots of diapers.I liked the Pampers Baby Dry Diapers because they were easy to put on . The tabs made it easy to adjust the fit which is important as the twins are not the same weight . It was helpful to be able to tell when to change them by the feel of the diaper in the front when they peed . Most of the time the diapers were leak proof . I did find that the diapers are a little too full in size in the butt , this might be with boys . I have noticed this with each size they have worn . However , having said that these diapers are still the best fitting of the brands . Sometimes additional diapers are needed before the new month 's shipment arrives , so they have tried other brands . My son and daughter in law have used Pampers from their birth . The diapers are shipped monthly to their door through Amazon 's program and the Amazon Moms Club . In their monthly order they can manage their diaper subscription with options such as size , brand , quantity , and accessories . Each month they have chosen to continue with Pampers .
 One of the reasons I liked this product was the quality and also I liked the quantity . There were so many diapers , I will definately be getting more of this !
 These diapers are ok for the money . They get the job done but I still miss the Swaddlers that we used to use . I wish they made them in a size 4 but they only go up to 3 .
 I am really happy with Pampers - we have used them since he was born . Each size works great , and the ` Baby Dry ' diapers really work well for overnight . They are soaked in the morning - but contain the liquid well .
 These diapers work out great for night or day , less leaks and perfect fit . Even when running around they stay in place .
 Great Absorbtion and really does the job.they are easy to put on and have never leaked . they are worth every penny .
 I buy these for my two yr old and they work great . Great price great size great diapers ! These diapers are made a little bigger so they fit small and bigger babies .
 We have tried several other brands of diapers and found that Pampers work the best ! They always hold together and rarely leak . Plus , after joining Amazon Mom you ca n't beat the price . I would reccommend this product without any hesitation .
 Tried many brands , Pampers is always the best . Soft and dry . Baby loves it ! Especially in summer ! From 8 month , my baby started to use size4 . No leaking .
 Love the fact that I can order diapers for my baby at a cheaper rate than the store and have them delivered to my doorstep .
 Ca n't complain here , these are great for what stinks ! Great Value , in fact I think we are still on the first box ... our child is now 18 . lol okay , that is a joke .
 After trying Huggies snug n dry diapers and having them leak everyday I decided to try these diapers and have been very happy so far . I have been using them for a week now and have not had any leaks . The only thing I do not like about them is that they have a very strong baby powder smell to them . That was the only good thing about the Huggies is that they had no smell at all to them.Pampers diapers are also much softer than Huggies . Hopefully I will remain a happy customer with Pampers.It is now a month later and I refuse to buy any other diaper now ! Out of 250 diapers we only had about 5 leaks ! I love these diapers !
 Love pampers baby dry ! My baby had leaks and blow out with other brands but not with Baby Dry and did n't get the rash cause by the dry max .
 I have a long and lean 18 mo old boy who has not yet graduated to size 4 due to the leg openings being too large , causing leaks . He 's very active and since I have to go with a size 3 , these diapers work great for leaks .
 I have tried other diapers on my baby through his first two years and nothing beats these diapers . Huggies would give diaper leaks and diaper rashes ... this one ... you can asure yourself that your baby will be comfortable ... that is priceless .
 I bought these specifically because I missed using pampers after they introduced the Dry Max Technology into their cruisers . I thought I would try the baby dry on my son since it says nothing about dry max on the box . It also says overnight on the package , so I thought it would be a little more absorbent . I have been very satisfied with this diaper and do expect to buy more after this huge box is gone .
 I love pampers baby dry . I 've never had a leak before . The only downfall is if used overnight the gel beads usually come out but they clean right up .
 Baby Dry diapers are much better than Swaddlers . I ca n't stand the chemical smell of the new Swaddlers -LRB- with Dry Max -RRB- and did n't want my baby to have to smell it all day . Baby Dry is a good alternative . The adhesive taps are not as secure as Huggies diapers .
 We absolutely LOVE these diapers . Perfect for your little one . AND , they hold a ton of liquid . Our little girl fills them up and still remains dry.Thank you to Pampers for creating a wonderful diaper !
 I switched from cruiser to baby dry after P&G introduced dry max . No more skin irritation problem with baby dry . For the night time , we do have to use Huggies night time for my son to avoid leaks . But he 's not very happy with the waistband on Huggies nighttime . Really just want the old cruisers back !
 These diapers are great-they do not leak and they can hold alot . My little girl can sleep 12 hours straight and not have no leaks in the morning and the diaper is packed .
 Have tested all diapers in the market and have found that these are the best .
 Recieved diapers in a good time frame . Recieved deal with diapers on sale and no shipping .
 It 's so good item . But I bought 2 box and it 's so much for me . Because my baby grow so past . Please order 1 box . That ' better .
 Great diapers . Our child has worn this brand since birth and we have not had any issues with leaks or any other problems . He 's now 1 and they are still the best out there . In addition , the savings offered when using Subscribe and Save are fantastic .
 We have been using Pampers since our daughter was born and have had no issues at all . We used sensitive ones until 9 months and started with dry max recently . No complaints so far except that the chemical smells . I gave 4 stars because of the nasty chemical smell.We change minimum 3 diapers overnight and never had any leaking problem.To , People who complain about leaking issues -- > Does the leaking happen with 1 diaper change over the entire night or several diaper changes during the night ?
 Great price for these diapers , even better with coupons , discounts and free shipping . Very fast delivery . Will buy from here again .
 This diaper soaks up ALOT and definitely keeps my daughter dry . I can really `` trust '' it to keep her dry throughout the night and avoid diaper rashes . I also like that it has a light `` baby powder '' smell to it to hide any odors . I 've tried three other diaper brands whenever they were on sale , and keep coming back to Pampers . Their website also offers coupons to help save money .
 Much cheaper than the store and the pampers came in a timely manner . Thanks
 After using lots of other disposable diapers -LRB- including Kuddles , Luvs , Huggies , and Cruisers -RRB- , I 've decided that Pampers Baby Dry are the only diaper I 'll continue to use on my son at this age . Luvs are too thin , smell funny and you can feel the moisture absorbing pellets in them . Huggies and Kuddles are too bulky and fit funny . Pampers Cruisers are the second best to Pampers Baby Dry , but I believe they caused diaper rash , plus with the whole rash controversy , I just do n't feel comfortable using them . Baby Dry 's are just perfect . They fit like a glove , can hold anything without leaks , and my son walks comfortably in them and does n't get diaper rash . In short , they 're the BEST DIAPER EVER !!!
 I really like this diapers . My child is over an year old and I still do n't have to change her in the middle of the night . She sleeps through whole night and no leaking out even though her diaper is trully full . It is not bulky , feels natural -LRB- not like plastic -RRB- and no irritation on the baby 's skin . So , I really can honestly say that this diapers work for me better then other brands or types that I have tried .
 I normally bought pampers swaddlers for my son -LRB- just turned 3 months -RRB- but found these for a price i just couldnt pass up -- it also offered me more diapers than what i would have bought with the swaddlers . After reading all the negative reviews I was really nervous that I had ordered the baby dry without trying them first , so i quick ran out to walmart and bought the smallest pack i could to make sure that they worked for him before i opened the pkg i recieved in the mail . luckily these diapers have been nothing but successful for me and my son -LRB- who has really full wet diapers and some big blow outs -RRB- . I have not had a diaper leak or fail on me yet ! Definatly reccomend them , as the price is lower and you get more diapers ! If you 're hesitant after reading the reviews go and buy a small amount from your local store to try before buying -- but i promise its worth it !!!
 This is the only diaper i use ! No rush and very happy with it ! There is no perfect diaper when comes to leaks , but this one holds very well and keeps my baby dry !!
 I used these for my little boy last night and they held up ! Of course this is only the first night that he 's used them but already I 'm impressed . My stash of Fisher Price diapers which by the way I HATE ! They leaked almost every night but this review is not for them ... so ... back to my Pampers ! The fit is nice the design is cute and best of all they have not leaked ! I 'm happy so far and will be back in about a week or so for an update ! If you 're interested in my review the fisher price diapers check out my profile and reviews!Update ! One week into my package of Pampers baby dry and wow ... all I can say is wow ! No leaks at all ! I 've used brands like Huggies Supreme , Huggies Over nights , Diapers.com , Fisher Price < -- Sucks ! Out of all the brands I 've used these are the best ! I 've had no leaks at all ! These hold it all in even better than the Huggies Overnights which were made for well ... Over nights ! I have a new favorite brand and I 'm so happy I tried these ! I would recommend these diapers to parents who are looking for excellent leak protection!Update # 2 This is my last and final update ... Almost three weeks into the box of diapers and I 'm still happy as ever ! My husband even took notice ! He recently said ... `` we have n't had any leaks have we ? '' I proudly said `` Nope , not one ! '' I know I said this before but these are way better than even the Huggies Overnights ! I love these and will be sticking with Pampers from here on out!Unfortunately I have to give another update
 Compared to the diapers from Costco , Pampers diapers are thinner and more elastic on the waist . It is somewhat easier and takes less time to put it on the baby . It smells good too .
 We 've tried close to every brand of diaper available - even store brands . We 've had a lot of success with Pampers diapers . Our daughter is tall for her age and has a longer torso . With some diapers it is difficult to find one that fits high enough , preventing leaks . These seem to fit her well , no leaks ! Also , for as thin as they are , they seem to be very aborbent.We had been using Costco 's Kirkland brand diapers because they were a good value diaper , and were not unhappy with them . However , after I enrolled in the ` Amazon Mom ' program , I am able to get these diapers shipped to my door on the schedule I choose , free shipping , for less than I was able to buy the same quantity of Costco 's brand . Impressive ! We 're able to get a quality , brand-name diaper at a big-box-store price.Since enrolling in the program , we have switched back to Pampers and are very pleased !
 With Amazon Mom & the 20 % off diapers coupon from Parenting the Early Years this is the best diaper deal I 've found for my son . The hard to find size 6 's are reasonably priced and arrive @ my front door in 2 days -LRB- with free shipping -RRB- . These diapers are the only ones that really work for my 2 yr old .
 Love pampers ! They keep my son dry and have n't leaked . I have tried huggies but they left a weird residue on my son and gave him a bad reaction causing a horrible rash . So back to pampers and I love them
 Great value . I love pampers baby dry . No leaks and keeps the skin dry . The best deal is to sign up through amazon mom and/or buy the previously opened box . The boxes I ordered were New and no signs of tampering !
 Love the baby dry diapers from Pampers more than the Huggies version for my newborn . This particular box was returned since my baby grew out of this stage . Amazon has a great return policy . I had to call customer service for a question and the rep was really helpful . I 'm happy with the experience .
 I refuse to use Pampers with Drymax because my baby has such sensitive skin so I love that they still have a product without Drymax feature . Simply the best kind of diapers on the market .
 We were using Swaddlers at all times and tried the Baby Dry to see if there was a difference and found the Baby Dry diapers to be wonderful.The price is typically cheaper and you get more diapers than Swaddlers.Big thumbs up !
 We purchased Huggies and found that they leak those absorbers when she pees even when it 's not a lot . Then we decided to try Pampers since we liked them from the hospital . We prefer Pampers because they do n't excrete those absorbers that stick to our daughter 's skin like crazy . Also , the tabs do not scratch her skin or leave red marks like the Huggies do . Our daughter has sensitive skin so anything to reduce the irritation is fine with us . Pampers are a little more expensive but so are those medications to reduce the irritations .
 My baby boy has used pamper after his born . I remember Amazon had pamper promotion $ -LSB- ... -RSB- gift with $ -LSB- ... -RSB- purchase , and I bought 1 box of Pamper 1-2 size for new born , and 2 boxes of Pamper size 3 cruiser . It works great and never leak . My baby grown fast and when we used of Pamper 1-2 , size 3 began to be good size for him when he was 35 days.After that , per two months I could catch amazon pamper promotion . Now my baby is 1yrs 2 months old , I bought almost 15 boxes from size 3 cruiser to size 6 baby dry , or easy up.Cruiser is very good but a little bit expensive . After my baby 6 months , I bought baby dry for him , since he moved around and weather is hot , thus baby dry becomes perfect for him.My baby fewly wet bed sheet . Since whole family spoiled my baby boy - the sole grandchild in my husband 's family , auntie once bought a small package of Huggies easy up for him when we used of pamper but still wait next promotion at Amzaon , I should say Huggies 's easy up is horrible , something leak out from diaper , like white powder . Everytime I had to wash him.I would just keep to buy pamper easy up now and definitely would recommend pamper to new moms .
 We have been usng Pampers since our baby was born and we have never had an issue . Our baby has never had any rash and the diapers never leaked -LRB- and there were mornings when we were amazed by the extra weight they had taken on -RRB- .
 this is the best !!!!! i ordered two boxes on oct. 14,2004 and although other reviews said they had problems with late shipments my pampers were both at my door in less than a week.not only did i get more pampers in this box than i usually get locally -LRB- 144 versus 126 -RRB- for the same price , there was no sales tax , plus free shipping and front door service . what more could you ask for ? thank you
 I started with pampers swaddlers , but moved to these after they changed over to drymax . I have not been disappointed since . I have never had a blow-out , leak , or diaper rash with these diapers . My son is a tummy sleeper and they I have n't had a leak overnight . If I had to say one bad thing , I do think they run a little small for my son who is a little chunker . So if you do have a chunky baby and your on the higher end of the weight limit just go up a size . These diapers are awesome and you wo n't be disappointed .
 It is just great product , very soft and keeps my baby 's bum dry , even at nights
 Overall , this is a good diaper . I have rarely had my kid pee out of them and I do n't change his diaper at night at all . This is not my experience with the other major brand . Blow-out containment is just okay , but really , is there a diaper that can keep a blow-out from running over ???
 Everyone has the diapers they swear by . This work great like the cruisers , but for some reason my daughter tends to get a little red -LRB- early stage of rash -RRB- when wearing these and we do n't get the red with cruisers .
 I love Pamper 's Baby Dry and have now used them on three kiddos !! I am excited that I was able to get them so cheap through AMAZON !!! The Walmart near us -LRB- 45 miles away -RRB- does n't ever have sales on them , so when they were discounted so much on AMAZON I could n't pass up the great deal !!
 Diaper works great - my son is dry till morning . Thin diapers . Only bad is on two occasions , we have had the tape break on us .
 Cound n't believe how fast Amamzon shipped this ! Rarely have any leaks -LRB- perhaps 1 or 2 out of a whole box -RRB- unlike the max dry version .
 We 've used Pampers Baby Dry for about three months now for our daughter and we really like them . She 's never had a problem with them and they hold a lot . She 's sleeping about 10 hours at night partly because she is very comfortable and she can last the whole night on just one diaper . It 's pretty full when she wakes up but her skin still seems mostly dry .
 Pampers size 1 was good until my son was 11 lbs . It started leaking from either front or back every single time and it was pretty sad ... Pampers Swaddlers was a bit better but still leaked .
 I buy them in a bundle you really save alot of money and in the Parenting magazines you can SAVE 20 % off of diapers too here on amazon ...
 Wow and to think for the past 2 years i 've been paying for my Amazon Prime Membership -LRB- $ 75/yr -RRB- . Little did i know that i could 've signed up with amazon mom and get Amazon Prime membership free for every order over $ 25 ... i love you Amazon.com !! Anyways , this is a great deal on diapers for your kids . No more clipping coupons from the sunday paper , cause this sure beats the brick and mortar store prices with coupons and specials.i like these Baby Dry diapers more than the Max Dry -LRB- new formulation -RRB- . I do n't know if it 's just me or not , but whenver my daughter wears the Max Dry her bottom would be red , like it 's developing a rash . When we switched to this brand , it went away . Really like these over Huggies as well .
 Diapers came in perfect conditions . Only the box was a little beat up , but not by much . All of the diapers are useable . I am very happy I got them , and saved money doing so !!!
 I absolutely love Pampers baby dry diapers ! They are the only diapers that fit my daughter perfectly . She is almost 7 months old now and so far we have not had one ` blow out ' with them . We have tried many diapers and these are by far the best ! We will never use anything else !!
 My daughter has worn Pampers her whole life , starting with Swaddlers Sensitive and has done these Baby Dry exclusively ever since and has never had a diaper rash . They are just good old fashioned diapers with a great fit , elasticized leg openings and easy to use closures . We love the Sesame Street characters too . I always get a laugh when I show her the character each change .
 I have had excellent experience with Pampers since our now two year old -LRB- 26 pounds -RRB- was a preemie -LRB- 3 pounds 15 ounces -RRB- . The Baby Dry are just another example of the excellent quality diaper Pampers provides no matter what the size of your child . Our daughter does have a slender shape -LRB- little hips and butt -RRB- and these diapers have held in everything until she started moving around more -LRB- which is when we switched to Cruisers -RRB- . We have also only experience two diaper rashes -LRB- very minimal -RRB- while using Pampers . I have tried Huggies and Seventh Generation and Kirkland , but Pampers has consistently worked the best for our daughter over the last two years .
 I 've been buying Pampers diapers from Amazon since my daughter was born and it 's a great deal especially with their Subscribe and Save Program ! I 've used Huggies and the Costco brand which are okay but we always go back to Pampers whenever we can . It 's softer and thinner without compromising her comfort . Definitely a must-buy for any baby !
 We had been using Huggies Movers , which work great , but when I saw these on Amazon for much cheaper per diaper , I decided to give them another try . We used them previously for my son 's overnight diapers when he was a couple months old , and they worked well for that . I actually really like these for his day-time wear . They 're not too bulky and fit well so there are no leaks , even when the diaper is pretty full . I 've also noticed that these diapers do n't cause as much redness on his skin as the Huggies did.My mother babysat the other night and mistakenly put this diaper on him for his overnight -LRB- we typically use Huggies Overnites -RRB- and there was no leak the next morning . These work great for us and as long as they 're offered for less money , I 'll continue to buy them .
 amazon has been offering pampers at 30 % off which is a great price for this product . the diapers are great for my 20 month old girl . no leaks or complaints . i like these over luvs because wetness does not seep through . very happy with the purchase .
 I love pampers the only thing I would and have done differently than when I bought this box is buying a bigger box of pampers . These are by far the best diapers . My kids have all worn these and they all drink a lot of liquids each day . By far the best diapers for the price . If you are thinking these are more expensive please consider that you will have to change your child less often when wearing these compared to a store brand diaper . Enjoy !!
 Excellent deal from amazon on Pampers diapers . Free shipping . Fast delivery . Will order more in the future .
 No leaking so far and my daughter likes Elmo and the soccer on the diaper .
 The product is good and shipped on time . I love to order again when needed from Amazon
 I was a loyal crusiers fan and to afraid to try the cheaper Baby Dry diapers until one day I just took the plunge . What can I say I love these diapers . They may not be as soft on the outside but they a hundred times better .
 We have twin boys and we go through diapers very quickly . We 've learned that between Luvs , Pampers , and Huggies , Pampers has the best leak protection . Other store brands have inferior leak protection as well.No , I 'm not employed by Pampers , they 're not paying me for this review , and I have no agenda that I 'm trying to promote here . I 'm just trying to share with other parents what works well for us .
 Received from amazon within few days of ordering the product , though it was standard free super saving shipping . I 'm using pampers baby dry for my elder one till he was completly potty trained . And now I have started buying baby dry for my little one who is 1 month old . Its so comfortable and keep 's my babies bottom dry .
 Amazon has changed their policy so much during the past two years . First I had to pay $ 80 for amazon prime . I thought that was wrong but I paid it . Next , what really made me cancel is on my subscribe and save products if I was `` running low '' they would send me another order of diapers but NOT at the discounted price !! So the diapers went from $ 36 to $ 50 . So my amazon mom -LRB- prime -RRB- and subscribe and save did not apply . I have been a very loyal customer for 2 years with many baby products
 I like it , it 's soft . My baby like it , too . But it is not really dry.my babies ' butt are wet and reddish sometimes .
 pampers is the best ! We tried other brand -LRB- maybe the no. 2 brand -RRB- , but we came back to pampers and would not try any others .
 We have tried every brand of diapers and we always come back to Pampers since they are the only ones which have the best fit and does not leak ever !
 At the end of the day and trying all those eco-friendly diapers , this is my `` go to '' brand . No chemicals no issues , it is soft , works great , breathable and great value !
 The diapers come quickly , which is great when diapers are such a need with 2 little ones . I love pampers and love the free shipping !
 My one year old was on Huggies and I wanted to try Pampers to see if it was better . Although it was very soft on baby 's skin , it was n't sturdy enough for baby 's movements . I also felt that I should 've bought a size bigger . Now I am back to Huggies .
 Amazon gives you best price around the town with no taxes . I love to see them delivered in my front door with this price . Very affordable .
 I have always found Pampers to be a good diaper , but the overwhelming smell kills me ! They do n't leak and have n't given my son any rashes , so I suppose until I find something as good with a good price I 'll be sticking to Pampers .
 Product as order , quick shipement . Diapers , comes in long vacuum sealed packs like they would if you bought from store . Would and Have brought again , just bigger size !
 I like this brand `` Pampers '' . My twins happy stay dry . Especially good for night time.For the day I recommend Pampers Swaddlers .
 Pampers Baby Dry are the only diapers I use with our boys . I 've tried Huggies and some store brands to save money , but always return to Baby Dry . I always find the best deals with Amazon Mom , especially if there 's a coupon !
 I love these diapers . I used them in the beginning when they did not have baby flex . They were a bit binding and leaked easily . I then switched to luvs for the price but they did not have stretch tabs either my son was between size 3 and 4 so the extra room would cause leakage . Size 4 in pampers baby dry were just right and the flex tabs are comfortable for crawling and movement . I liked pampers cruisers but they were a little pricey . I love that the regular pampers have stretch for the same price . Now if only Luvs would do the same .
 Well , I heard from other mom 's about buying diapers from amazon and let me say they were right ! Affordable price , quick delivery and right on time for my growing infant ! A + + +
 I bought this pampers many many times , excellent price and of course excellent qualityI recommend it for anyone lives in USA
 I love Pampers Baby Dry ! I have found I have less leaks with these diapers . They are very sturdy ! I have used the Pampers Baby Dry on all my children . What is so great about them ? they do last that 12 hours like it says on the box during the night . I do find them running a little smaller then other types of pampers though .
 From birth pampers are all our boys wear , and they are all the baby on the way will wear .
 These are the best diapers on the market ! My daughter is 6 months old and has only had 2 leaks , which were the result of my husband not putting the diaper on securely . They keep her very dry - she has never had even an inkling of a diaper rash ! They are easy to put on and they stay put . I could not be more satisfied with these diapers .
 I use Baby Dry in size 4 for my 18 month old son . He has yet to have even ONE blow out diaper , even though he has had some tummy issues due to antibiotics . They are comfortable and fit his chunky thighs well . I 've never had a leak either , even though he has some pretty full diapers in the morning .
 These diapers are the best . I can not say enough about them . In my opinion they are much better than Huggies and fit true to size . I feel that Huggies run really small . They are also so soft I feel confident using them on my babies sensitive skin . I will use these again with my next baby .
 Pampers Baby Dry diapers have been a constant in our house for the last 7 years . While the more expensive Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers are nice , these diapers are the perfect diaper to fall back on when you are needing to cut expenses . Baby Dry diapers do n't leak , they last through the night , and they have a great fit !
 I love using baby dry on my five month old . . they never leak and my baby sleep from 8pm and I dont change his paper until 5:30 am . I love that they fit just fine not to big not to small . I love these pampers so much that I usually buy a convenience pack instead of buying them separately on the store . I recommend this brand to any mommas out there . Plus they have gifts to grow ~ you enter a code and you earn points and then you could buy stuff for free .
 Baby Dry is what I used after Swaddlers and I loved them . They did n't leak and kept baby dry all night as well ! And Pampers company really cares about their customers and that matters to me as a mom .
 Pampers seem to be one of the few diapers my daughter does n't have any leakage problems with AND that does n't cause her diaper rashes . I stick with a brand I know works .
 I love these diapers . They fit my son perfectly and we rarely have accidents leak through . I especially love `` subscribe and save '' which is a much cheaper , way more convenient way to get diapers . Would recommend the diapers and the `` subscribe and save '' program to anyone !
 I got Pampers size 3 for my daughter and she likes the Elmo pictures and she is happy to ware it than other brands . It is very soft , and no leaking .
 I love Pampers better than many other products I 've tried . They stay in place and protect baby bottom for hours on end . Very little blowouts !
 I have always loved pampers because they are so soft and thin that they seem more comfortable on my baby than any other brand . I have an 18 month old in a size 3 , and so far she has had no rashes or night leakage in these . I have used pampers for all 3 of my kids , and now that we are expecting twins I have already stocked up on more pampers swaddlers for a month ! Thanks amazon for the amazing prices on diapers !
 We started off with Huggies and Pampers when our son was born - he is now six months old . The Huggies leaked 9 out of 10 times . There is enough laundry to do with a newborn in the house that the extra amount caused by wet clothes was crazy . Not to mention the four outfit changes in as many hours . After a couple of weeks we just threw away the remaining Huggies and went to just Pampers Baby Dry . We have been using them exclusively ever since and are very happy -LRB- and dry ! -RRB- . With Amazon 's free/quick delivery and low price , it is incredibly easy to keep enough on hand that we never run out .
 pampers diapers are the best i 've used , they 're perfect ! although they are thin , they 're very absorbent and almost always catch even the most severe blizzard . some other brands are thick and bulky and do n't do as good a job as pampers , and thick diapers also look rediculous under bubster 's clothes . this economy pack seems like great value , too !
 Amazon has the best prices on diapers . Join Amazon Moms and get 15 % off , then join the subscribe and save for another 15 % off and then lookout for 20 % off coupons in parenting magazine . Where can you get 50 % off of diapers ? It 's so easy to order and I get them the next day to my doorstep . How can you beat that ?
 I love Pampers , they definitely do not last the 12 hours they say they will . I have to change my kids in the middle of the night sometimes because they wake up soaked . My one child just turned 1 . . and the other just turned 2 . The diapers work A LOT better than other brands I have tried . I was a Luvs fan until they changed and they just were n't as good anymore :-LRB- so back to Pampers I went .
 Has been our favorite . Worked perfectly with our elder daughter and working perfectly with our younger daughter now . Price is great too with `` Amazon subscribe and save '' .
 I have twins , and work full time so you can imagine trying to save time . The Subscribe and Save program is great as the diapers are delivered to the door and and you can schedule to have them automatically delivered cause my boys goes through these diapers quick .
 I love Pampers Baby Dry . They are the best at preventing leaks . We 've been using them for two years and love them !
 No more going out to store and houling huge diper boxes to the car . This is delivered to my door at a great price .
 pampers makes the best diapers with the most varieties for your needs . however their collect points promotion is misleading . by the time you save up any worthwhile points your child will have outgrown the selection . also the shipping and handling fees out weigh the cost at any store . dishonest and mean spirited . next child will use lesser quality diapers but from a company with more integrity .
 I wish Swaddlers went up to my son 's size . He is 4 months old and already weighs 24 lbs . These are good , but Swaddlers in bigger sizes would be ideal . I have not yet tried the cruisers , but based on ratings , these seem to be what most prefer . I have not had any problems with these , excet my son outgrows them so fast ! Each shipment I order , it seems I have to go up a size . Love Pampers products .
 The item worked very wel overall , that said the child is taking it -LRB- the Pamers -RRB- off by opening the tabs .
 This product is really good , never leaks . I would always use this product for my baby .
 I have bought Pampers since my son was born . I 'm really satisfied with these diapers and I wo n't change them until my son is ready for potty training .
 This is the best value for diapers out there ! Even with coupons and regular retail stores , the per diaper cost is still WAY chearper to buy from Amazon . Pampers always worked best for both my kids . Never a leak !
 We have been using these for about 4 months on our 9 month old boy . We use these at night or when we think -LRB- hope -RRB- he is going down for a nice nap . These are nice because they are more flexible than the swaddlers and accept more `` stuff '' than them as well . They are larger and more restricting in movement than the swaddles but that 's why they 're ideal for sleep time . Also , they are not always available at our local target , especially in this large quantity . Glad these are made and that we have them !
 I 've tried many diapers over the years and I 've found that Pampers are the best . They fit well , provide the right amount of ventilation so our babies do n't get a rash and they hold a lot of liquid . My only complaint is the price . They are so darn expensive !
 We have been getting diapers sent to our house for several months now . It 's really great to be able to count on getting this big box of diapers delivered to our home . This is a great service .
 My 9 month old daughter has been wearing pampers since birth , and has not had a single diaper rash ! We used Swaddlers for the first few months , then switched to baby dry when she was 5 mos . She 's a chunky baby , and pampers fit her very well .
 I 've subscribed this Pampers Baby Dry Diapers for about 6 months now . I am very satisfied with the products and the price . Will continue to subscribe !
 My only issue is that they dont last all night and for my kid who drinks milk during the night , I have to change diapers several times during the night ... However , I am not sure if there is any better product out there for my situation !
 Pampers work great on my baby.I 've tried both Huggies and Pampers brand diapers because I was n't sure which would fit my baby better . My son peed and pooped out of every single Huggies diaper we bought . He is a long and skinny baby -LRB- he weighs a lot , just not a lot of baby fat yet -RRB- and so we had issues with the Huggies we purchased . I 've been using Pampers ever since he was born , and honestly , unless he has an absolutely explosive day , he does not soil out of his diapers . The diapers really draw the moisture away from the baby and into the diaper.These diapers fit well on skinny babies . If you have issues with these diapers , try Huggies , because those tend to work on babies with a bit more baby fat to them , on their legs and tummy area .
 Pampers Baby Dry diapers work great and you ca n't beat Amazon 's prices . Occasionally they leak overnight so we purchasedPampers Extra Protection Diapers Size 4 -LRB- 64 count -RRB- for bedtime and so far we have n't had any overnight leakage .
 I began ordering diapers with the Subscribe & Save discount when my current youngest child turned two . I wish I had done it sooner . Currently the price per diaper with Subscribe & Save is 27 cents . Even on a site like Walmart , where you can order the 140 pack of size 6 , the price is 34 cents per diaper and it takes about a week for the order to arrive . Buying them in smaller packs from the grocery or drug store is even more costly . The diapers are usually around 55 cents each in those packs and even with a $ 1 to $ 2 coupon , the price only comes down to around 47 cents.With three kids and one on the way , I buy a lot of diapers , frequently . The extra time calculating and searching for the best price is worth it in the end . I 'll definitely be signing up for Subscribe & Save in the Newborn size when the new baby comes along.I gave this product five stars for two reasons
 We used Pampers Swaddlers up until my son outgrew them . We were sad because we LOVED the Swaddlers but `` graduated '' to the Cruisers . We were really dissappointed as most every morning we awoke with a what we refer to as a `` breach of security . '' And i do n't mean just a little spot but full on have to change our sheets and sometimes even my clothing -LRB- we co-sleep . -RRB- I did n't even know about the Baby Dry diapers until one time we ran out of Cruisers and hubby brought these home from the store . I 've got to say that these are fantastic diapers and our nighttime leaks happen maybe once or twice a month -LRB- and I think that might have something to do with my husband putting the diaper on a little ... askew . -RRB- And speaking of ... I 'm wondering if maybe some of the negative reviews are from folks who maybe are n't putting the diaper on well -LRB- occasionally -RRB- or more likely , they need to go up a size perhaps . I know when we were trying to use up size 3 Baby Dries we had enough leaks that we just gave them away to a friend and went right up size 4 . Anywho , just a thought ... we LOVE these diapers though .
 I have had no problems with leaks with these diapers . My daughter is a heavy overnight wetter and these diapers keep all the liquid contained . I have not had good luck with other diapers in this size .
 These are the best dipers which I have experience it on my kid so far . They are little overpriced , but for the reason , trust me.I am very satisfied with these dipers and definately I will keep buying them .
 Great value for diapers -LRB- as long as you get the free shipping -RRB- . Although I prefer Pampers Swaddlers and no design/print on diapers , I would purchase these again . The fit well and are lightweight .
 This diaper seems to keep our baby drier than other brands and they are n't very bulky.The only problem was at night , and I doubt it has anything to do with the diaper . She tends to leak out the top of the diaper at night . So , we put 2 on her at night , one facing forward and one facing backward . Works , so far .
 It is so convenient to have them delivered to my home & they work great on my little boy !!
 I would usually purchase this box of Pampers at BJ 's , but found that the only item I needed at the time was diapers . Therefore , not spending 200usd on food items I did not need . My son turned 2 in May and we have attempted potty training with out results , so I said , `` this is the last box , potty training is next '' . We are not finished with this box , and potty training to him is like a game . I will keep introducing but not forcing it since he was a little late in walking , maybe he is n't ready . I purchased the baby dry style , it keeps every thing in -LRB- even his stools -RRB- . He is n't a chubby baby at all , long and lean , and only on a few occasions has he leaked urine , usually overnight , and if certain persons failed to enclose diaper -LRB- nameless male person -RRB- . I had at times bought the Huggies overnites , but they are way expensive and felt Pampers lives up to its name . I will keep purchasing Pampers because they do prevent 98 % of urine leaks . I have not had any stool leakage in all his 2yrs 3months , that says alot . I was given free shipping and they came earlier than anticipated . I have been very pleased with Amazon and everything I buy from them . At the time of purchase , gasoline in my area was very close , like 3.89 or higher for regular , and getting this without paying shipping or making other frivolous purchases was a bargain . I will continue to purchase Pampers brand and use Amazon .
 These diapers are well worth the extra $ . Both my sons had very few leaks and never any diaper rash . I 've tried a few other brands only to be disappointed about some aspect of them . Plus the stretchy waistband is a must for little ones sitting up and on the go . Definitely reccommend .
 I do n't know why people complain about these diapers vs the Pampers cruisers . the only time I have leaks with my 8 month old is when she has an excessively large BM ... not that often , and Cruisers would n't do much better . When she was littler , I wasted my money buying the swaddlers line for my daughter . The truth is , she does n't know that difference , and would rather have me put the savings toward her college education .
 I never thought I would be so excited about receiving a giant box of diapers but I am . I ca n't believe how fast I received them . I was almost out of diapers so this is great . It was a great experience . I just wish the UPS man would have knocked or rang the doorbell . I only knew they arrived because I received a text message .
 Taking advice from the Sales Reps @ babies R Us . We tried different brands but it seems like my baby fits pampers better than others . They 're not that bulky looking/feeling but it holds good !
 Works great for us during the daytime , we have just now started using the nighttime diapers , which works great too
 I simply love Pampers . My baby is 10 months old and she is using size 3 for a while and I have no complains .
 Very efficient to keep my baby dry.Just a few words comparing to swaddler . When I was in hospital , the nurse used Swaddler , and told me to put thick layer of Vaseline on the diaper to keep the baby from getting diaper rash . I find this works better for Swaddler , since it has mesh layer on top . When I was back home , I bought baby dry , put a thick layer of Vaseline . It would n't absorb any more , every thing leaked out . Other than that , it is very good .
 I have been using these diapers for both my girls . They rarely leak and are great when they start walking because it 's so soft . We tried other brands but pampers baby dry was always the best for us .
 I love PAMPERS . . I have a little boy and some people game me Huggies at my baby shower and every night he would be wet clear through the diaper and his jammies , I switched him to Pampers and he stayed dry nightly . . I LOVE THESE DIAPERS !!!
 This product is wonderful !! and the best fit for our baby . We tried Swaddlers because of a friend 's recommendation , but our 6 month old got rashes within the first week of using it . We switched back to Baby Dry and the rash was gone within 3 days !! Definitely recommended by me .
 great quality . . great price ... we can not get this price anywhere . and shipped in very short time . really impressed . saving lot of money .
 Best deal for these diapers , especially compared to in store prices and no shipping . Got within 2 days as always . 1 of the 3 packs was actually defective because half the diapers were messed up . Some of the velcro were missing or parts of the diaper was just stuck together and would rip upon use . Within 12 hours Amazon issued me a refund for that pack so I could n't be happier really , because I could n't exactly return defective items :--LRB- . Thanks Amazon !
 Really good deal , good fit , keeps baby dry . Recommend auto-delivery . You 're sent a 10 - day email reminder , providing an opportunity to delay shipment , change size or style if you need to .
 I have to say , these diapers are great . I can only think of a hand-full of times that we 've had a blowout with my son . These are the only diapers we 've used for my son and probably will be the only ones .
 I Love these diapers . My daughter always wears them and I have never had a wet diaper leak . They are the best !
 I love Pampers diapers ! My baby started with the swaddlers and we switched to Baby Dry once he was in size three because of the price . I am the proud mom of a chunky baby and these are always a great fit . We 've had a few rare ocassions of night time leaks but these diapers typically hold really well .
 The diapers are wonderful and we 've never had leakage problems . They also do n't have an odd odor like some othere more generic brands when full . We get these at our house through Subscribe & Save so they are about $ 15 cheaper than buying them at Target/Costco/BJs and they deliver in two days .
 I love Pampers . They never leak for us.He leaked out of every other diapers we tried and with Amazon Mom , these are a better price than the store brands anyway .
 I absolutely love these diapers . I used a big box of Huggies previously and we were cleaning up poopie messes almost daily . My baby has only had about 5 accidents in the past month with these . They do keep him very dry and not soaked if there is a lot of pee . My baby is very chunky and short , so I have to disagree with a previous review that chunky babies do better with Huggies . These are hands down the best diapers I 've used so far .
 Had no issues whatsoever and the products came as scheduled in great condition . Much better than driving to the store for diapers and wipes and here I am saving money . I wish I knew about this sooner !
 Love pampers and this is a great way to buy them . Price is great and I do n't have to walk down the diaper isle every week !
 Really good Buy !!!!! Cheaper then the club stores or box stores . They always on time at your door step . Thanks ,
 They came in time . Look fwd for the baby soon ! This June will be diaper time for us . The price is very good also .
 I have four kids so I 've tried most or all the brands are out there and Pampers are a great buy .
 Pampers Baby Dry Size 4 Diapers Economy Pack Plus 192 CountWe have raised our children this is for the second grandbaby . My husband and I discussed this when the first one was born and decided that besides what else we do the best thing was to buy diapers and have them sent to them . We know this is a big cost when children are born and you are just starting out . We just had grandbaby number 3 in Feb. and doing the same for him . The kids are thankful and we know that the grandbabies are getting the best diaper at a great price for us . Thank you so much Amazon .
 Bought these for my newborn baby.Would definitely recommend them.Most importantly our newborn had no rashes which is common with low quality diapers .
 I ordered these pampers one day and recieved it 2 days later - awesome delivery ! I love how thick and fluffy the diapers are and how it seems to fit just right around my baby girl :-RRB- will probably order again due to delivery timing and quality . Even diapers.com did n't have this good a deal !
 This product is the only diapers that do n't break out my little man 's bottom ... They are also very affordable which makes it easier for me to keep my baby clean , dry , and happy ...
 We love Pampers . When our daughter was first born , we used the Swaddlers for a couple of months , but once she started producing more , we switched to Baby Dry . They have been great for us ! Huggies leaked like crazy and Luvs irritated her little bottom . Pampers have been the best and I wo n't use anything else on her ! They do n't leak and they do n't stink . They fold up nice and flat so they are easy to pack in a diaper bag . Easy to unfold . Love these !
 very good price/quality ... sort delivery.best price on the market.Pampers Baby Dry Size 2 Diapers Economy Pack Plus 246 Countthoses diapers are the best i found . I like the design on it
 I was worried about these diapers . I read the reviews AFTER purchasing them . There is no elastic on the back like other diapers I 've used so we 've had about 3 blowouts that came out the back of them . Most of the time they have worked just fine . My son is a big piddler and he has never leaked through these diapers .
 Great price . better than any other shops around here . Great product too.All my family and friends love this product as well .
 Using the subscribe option means one less thing to worry about , I get a big ol' box of diapers shipped to the front door every month . I price is great and they certainly perform their function very well -LRB- very rarely we have a blow out -RRB- .
 It 's a diaper but as far as diapers go Pamper 's are the only brand I put my son in . The big reason they are the best is because they do not leak and are perfect for overnight protection . But like I said , it 's a diaper . Not much to say .
 pampers are soft and super absorbent . box got here pretty quickly . i have used pampers for all 3 of my kids , and it is still my brand of choice ! it is a little pricier then other brands , but well worth it .
 Pampers Baby Dry are great ! My child can only wear pampers diapers , other diapers give him a rash . Pampers Baby Dry keep him dry all night and he goes to bed at 7pm and does n't wake up until around 8am . I have never had to change his clothes because his diaper leaked . I recommed Pampers Baby Dry .
 To be honest , when I first read the box -LRB- when my son was a newborn -RRB- , I thought to myself , why would I ever keep my baby in one diaper for 12 hours -LRB- ewwwwww ! -RRB- but the second he began sleeping through the night , I figured it out -LRB- hah ! -RRB- . These diapers are great and we have never had a morning blow outs , despite our son sleeping 12 + hours a night and definitely releasing a lot of substance into the diaper during that time . Moreover , he tends to roll several times at night and gets up and plays actively in his crib for a while -LRB- before we realize he is up -RRB- and even so , with all the movement , bouncing and a full diaper , there have n't been any leaks.We 've put him in other diapers overnight and he 's blown through all of those .
 The item was shipped quick and the product itself is great especially for a good deal on it here in amazon ! I definitely recommend buying pampers in amazon using their subscribe and save option .
 I 've used pampers for my son . This second time around I 've found that I 'm still usin pampers but just a different make . They keep my kids dry day and night . Baby dry diapers can really hold a full diaper , especially when your on the go . My daughter has a bit of a waist and these diapers really stretch with her , yet protect against leaks .
 This is a great item and is shipped quickly to my house and I never have to worry about going to the store to pick up diapers . Amazon is the best !!
 I have to say that these are the BEST diapers out there for the money . I was using Pampers Cruisers , which are also good diapers , but we liked these much better ! He had accidents at nights with the cruisers and that has not happened with these . I now use them day and night . They are soft and comfortable for him . I would highly recommend these diapers for anyone to try .
 Not much to say . They do what they are supposed to . Earlier we tried the discount diapers and they did n't fare too well . Dealing with a few blowouts and peeing through some diapers at night we came back to pampers . You really can tell the quality after using discount brands . I am sure others have the same feeling for other brands but Pampers works well for us . Awesome delivery and price with Amazon Mom and subscribe and save .
 We been using this diapers for over a year through the subscribe & save program . The program saves us money and the diapers are amazing and does its job very well .
 These diapers are great for my 2 year old . We have n't had any leaking issues and they are much softer than the huggies she used to have .
 Our 18 month old loves to drink and drink and therefore , wets his diapers pretty regularly . We used Huggies snug n dry for quite a while and he seemed to always set through while in the car or at a restaurant . Since switching to Pampers , he 's had a lot less leaks . THe only thing I do n't like is the saggyness of the diapers because they are so thin . The huggies were thicker and we did n't have that . Also , our boy is pretty thin , so that probably does n't help . Great diapers , though .
 Nothing to compare to other than pampers swaddlers but cheaper than swaddlers andbaby is fine so no complaints . Oh feels softer than huggies which a friend uses . Amazon has best diaper prices so happy all round . I would use swaddlers for 3 months and then switch to these .
 These diapers are light yet absorb alot . I recomend these for price , quality and quanity . They however do not absorb all of my sons night pee . -LRB- I think he is a big night pee'er -RRB- I had to go a size up for his night diapers.Amazon makes buying these in large quanities so easy , you really do not have to look any where else for better deals . I have done all of my shopping , testing and comparing of diapers and these when bought on amazon auto pay and ship are thee best deal out there hands down !
 We just love Pampers . We 've had absolutely no blowouts or leaks . They hold a lot of pee so they 're great for babies who are sleeping through the night or at least sleep for long periods . They 're soft and fit well . I 've heard bad things about Huggies and Luvs are almost as good as Pampers , but I think we 're a Pampers family for life ! -LRB- Well , at least until she 's out of diapers . -RRB-
 We used swaddlers for the first couple months , then switched to baby dry . Thanks to Amazon , pampers are cheaper then the store brand ! I have tried them all , and always came back to pampers . Baby dry works just as well as cruisers and swaddlers , but are cheaper and super soft . They are lightly scented which I love . My son has had no problems with rash or leaking . Highly recommend !
 We love pampers diapers and have been willing to pay the more expensive price for them . They are thin , soft and absorbant . We 've tried many other brands and while some of them are okay -LRB- and some are downright aweful -RRB- , these are the best.And with amazon and their mom program , they are n't even that expensive anymore either!While I ca n't wait for my kids to out of diapers all together , until then these are our go to .
 I love these diapers . I use them with my 1 1/2 year old . They are soft and fit well and never leak . No complaints what so ever . And with Amazon Mom subscribe and save I save a ton of money and do n't have to haul them home from the store . It 's the best thing ever ! Thank you Amazon !
 We 've been using Baby Dry for about a year . We 're up to size 4 , and we have n't tried store brands since size 3 . Leakage
 I like this diaper because it does n't smell chemically like some other brands I 've tried but has a nice baby powder scent . The only reason I marked it four stars is because its supposed to be a 12 hour diaper -LRB- not that I would ever leave it on that long -RRB- , but sometimes my baby wakes up with her clothes smelling like pee because it leaked during the night when she was sleeping . During the day I do n't have this issue because I change her alot more often .
 I love pampers ! The other brands do no compare . Pampers can stay on overnight and there is no mess on her clothes . With the Amazon Mom discount , the savings is fantastic and I 'll not buy any other brand .
 These diapers work great . I prefer using the Pampers Cruisers but they are more expensive . Baby Dry works just as well on my baby .
 I loved the quantity and the feel of the diaper . It 's soft and not as bulky as others . Pampers are my favorite . I noticed , however , the Baby Dry ones seemed to leak more up the back and out the legs than the other Pampers products . It is almost like this type was not as absorbant . I think a lot would have been prevented if they had the net on the back to catch if anything goes up the back .
 As a first time mom I 've tried most of the different brands of diapers and Pampers are by far my favorite ! And buying them in bulk from Amazon is the way to go .
 I have tried other brands of diapers and nothing compares to Pampers . Everything else seemed to leak with my son . Probably because they did not fit him well to begin with -LRB- and no he did not have the wrong size -RRB- ! Everyone I know uses Pampers as well . When buying them online from Amazon and having the occasional 20 % off coupon along with auto ship and mom 's club makes the price unbeatable for the huge value packs ! Around $ 20 for a box that cost double that anywhere else ! How can you go wrong with that ? I will continue to buy my Pampers from Amazon .
 My daughter started in Pampers at the hospital . Due to an overwhelming supply of Huggies at home , she started wearing Huggies . They leaked EVERY time ! I promptly returned them all and bought Pampers Baby Dry - have n't had a problem since !
 We used pampers for our first kid and plan to use the same for our second kid too . Comparing prices of most , we got the best deal for pampers at amazon mom .
 My mommy and I love Pampers diapers ! We love the smell of baby powder from the Baby Dry diapers . My mommy is crazy in that she loves the smell of a WET , Baby Dry diaper too !
 I liked the price I got with Amazon Mom subscription and more over it ships free to your home in two days.Set your time period and you 'll get the product by that time . Nice .
 Love Pampers baby dry - they work great for my daughter and I use them at night since she sleeps for up to 12 hours . I have been using them at night for her since she was an infant and she is now 14 months . I switched to Luvs during the day though since they are cheaper .
 These diapers work great for my son - no leaks , and he has full range of motion with walking . He can wear them all night without problems . I would higly recommend , especially with subscribe and save through amazon
 We switched to the baby dry after they changed the cruisers because we did n't like those and we 've had bad luck with Huggies as well . These are great . My daughter has had very minimal leakage in these and she can be impressive with some of her effrots !
 my 7 months old is using these diapers right now . they are so good and they fit her very well . I willl continue buying from this buyer .
 No leaking , no discomfort , not moving around just working very well . I never had an issue with pampers . Love it .
 Tried Kirkland , Huggies and pampers . Pampers is the best !! It 's the thinnest so less bulky for the baby and me !
 Pampers has always been my fave brand . I prefer the swaddlers , but they are pricey for my budget . Great diapers , nevertheless !
 Have tried just about every brand of diapers with my two kids and pampers seem to be the best . They prevent leaks and seem to fit better .
 Our daughter stayed very dry in these diapers , which we ca n't say for some other brands out there -LRB- such as Huggies -RRB- . I think a lot of it has to do with how certain diapers fit certain kids .
 We tried a few brands , we liked pampers the best . I did this through Amazon Mom -LRB- yes , I 'm that secure in my masculinity -RRB- and it worked well having it on a 4-week delivery cycle . I could forget about having to buy diapers and they would just show up at the door ... generally just in time .
 Got these for a really great price . Quantity and quality ca n't be beat . Paid $ 37 . anytime I need them I 'll be ordering then from Amazon
 I love Pampers in the day for my baby girl . I actually think they smell better than huggies right when I take them out of the box !
 I have been using these for a little over 4 yrs ... before that , I admit I was a Huggies mom for 9 yrs . But after using Pampers . . Huggies felt like hard paper and did not smell fresh . Overall I like Pampers because they look cute , smell fresh and work well . The only time I 've had leaks is when they need to move up a size , and occasionally poo up the back -LRB- I 'd love to see a tighter elastic fit across the back -RRB-
 As a mother to two toddlers , and one on the way I am in need of diapers . My oldest , now potty trained , had very sensitive skin as a baby and this was the only diaper we found that did n't cause him to break out . We also have n't had any problems with leaks -LRB- as long as they 're wearing the appropriate size ! -RRB- . They 're cheaper than the Cruisers , and have n't seen why they are n't just as good ... we 've used both .
 We 've tried every other kind of diaper and pampers are the only thing that keep the mess in check . Now that I can get them through Amazon for less then store brand diapers I 'll never use anything else ! sign up for Amazon Mom AND the subscribe and save program . it saves so much money and its super convenient .
 I was upset to find these diapers are perfumed BUT they are excellent as far as softness and holding in messes . I have to recommend them now that I have tried 6-7 diaper brands and these were best at containing both # 1 and # 2 .
 These diapers are so far so good for my three month old baby . He has n't leaked any poop so far from them -LRB- fingers crossed -RRB- but sometimes he does get wet . Overall , though , it 's something that I would recommend .
 Once your little one grows out of the Swaddlers , these are a great next step . They hold a LOT of urine and do n't leak some other brands . I feel confident enough to let my little guy sleep in these without fear of leaks . They stay on , and even an active 2 yr old does n't have problems with sagging or even feces leaking/coming out ; of course he does n't stay dirty for long , but we all know how some of THOSE bowel movements go !
 I used to subscribe to the Luvs diapers but did n't like the strong `` baby powder '' scent so I decided to try these Pampers Baby Dry . I read some reviews from people who complained about the `` new Baby Dry '' and how it was attributing to diaper rashes but in the last few weeks , we 've not hand any problems and I love that there is no overpowering scent . These are a couple of cents more expensive per diaper which could add up if you 're really concerned about saving but I would rather have a diaper we 're happy with .
 Looking everywhere , these are the best deals , price/diaper . No real issues with leaks -LRB- no more than other brands -RRB- . I have had a few when I go to pull the Velcro , it breaks off . It 's happened to about 3-4 diapers . Called customer service and they were great
 I purchased these through the Amazon Mom program which auto ships monthly at a discounted price . Its the best program , The diapers show up like clockwork just when I 'm down to my last 8-10 . Very convenient , you can cancel shipment at any time , change ship dates if you go out of town or add wipes or other items you may need . Amazon sends you a reminder email when shipment will be going out and asks if you need to make any changes to the order . Beats running to the store when you realize you 're out ! Great diaper for my 2 yr old boy , I have tried many others and they all leak or are cheap . Pampers works the best .
 These diapers are the best . I just ca n't think about changing them . So comfortable and thin , just to pamper my little boy
 Cheaper than purchasing in the store . Comes to my house , and it is always a better price . What 's not to love ?
 From my understanding just from Target & other stores similar the jumbo box is no longer , only what boxes are left is what you can get . I normally used to pay anywhere from $ 35 & up for that jumbo box now I can only get the smaller box for the same price INSANE it has depending on size about 100 diapers So I 'm no mathematician but $ 47 is a much better deal especially for size 5 to have 172ct Only downside if you live in a building keep a watch out because there is no box covering diapers so everyone can see what it is
 Most of these diapers did n't leak , except for the occasional overnight change . Now our son , who does not have sensitive skin , did get occasional diaper rashes with these diapers so what my husband and I did was purchase another brand in addition and rotated every other change . This helped a lot . The reason why I still like these diapers in spite of the rashes is that Pampers has excellent customer service and responded quickly and very appropriately to our complaint about the rashes .
 When the ad said 12 hours of overnight leak protection , I am sure they are exaggerating . But for a baby 's whole night 's sleep , it has a three-layer leak protection and it does n't wake up my baby in the middle of the night . Good thing , too , because it keeps the baby 's skin dry .
 My granddaughter lives 3 hours away and when I want to help out with the things she needs I just get on Amazon and she gets what she needs a few days later . When I ca n't be there they help me out.Pampers Baby-dry Size 5 Jumbo , size :4 x24
 I love just being able to buy diapers for the month from Amazon and it saves me a lot of money and trips to the store .
 I was reading some reviews and I had to agree with some negative opinions but only when it comes to `` runny '' poop . They do tend to leak when my baby has stomach problems but during regular days these diapers are really great . I was using swaddlers when she was little but they were much more expensive than baby dry so I gave baby dry a chance and they are ok . They do n't leak even after all night `` sleep '' - they are very heavy in the morning but no leaks . Great diapers for a price . I would definetely recomend using them !
 I have been buying these Pampers diapers for months . Great fit and holds up to his active movements . Rarely an accident . It works well overnight too !
 I have used this brand for two children , and it works well . This box size covers a long time in the baby 's growth , and let 's you get the best bang-for-buck-on-pampers out there .
 We LOVE Papmers and the ease of having them delivered to my home is fantastic ! It actually worked out cheaper for me to have them delivered than for me to pick them up on my own and I do n't have to lug the bulky boxes around . An added benefit in my opinion ! I just wish I would have disocvered this two and a half years ago when my twins were born !!!!!
 these do a very , very good job . huggies supreme hold a bit more liquid but for the price the best you can get . actually like better than the pampers cruisers and they cost less . with the amount in the box - one case is good for almost a month . rarely leak - even w / a 2 year old at night .
 We love these diapers . They are thin , but durable . My son can go all night with just one and not leak a drop . Some mothers said that its a harder fit for chubby babies , but my son fits them well , even being on the bigger side . I think if you have problems with leaking , you might be using too small a size . When my son was born , he was almost 9 pounds , and being a young , new mother , I bought the newborn diapers , took them out and put them in my nusery , without checking the weight guidelines . So when I brought him home , he kept leaking everywhere . I was constantly changing him . And I was thinking , omg , is this suppose to be happening ? Is he going to soak everything in pee forever ? Well , needless to say , I was using too small diapers . So , it stopped happening , except sometimes at night . Newborn babies go ALOT . But anyway , we 've been using pampers ever since , though not exclusively . While traveling , which we do a lot , we 've bought tons of other diapers , from costco brand to luvs to huggies , and so far , pampers is the best for us . The fit is flexible to fit almost every baby . We love them !
 Baby Dry is the ONLY diaper I 'll EVER use . I have tried every other kind of diaper -LRB- new mom -RRB- and I am sticking with baby dry forever . I have NEVER had a leak with these diapers - my son is over a year now . They also do n't smell like urine when wet . This diaper is highly reccommended and I would suggest people to not even bother trying anything else because you WILL wind up realizing that nothing compares to baby dry ! Take it from me ! www.facebook.com/dealmom
 We have tried a couple of different brands , but have had the best luck with these . No leaks , even at night . We signed up for Amazon Mom to get these for $ 28 a box delivered once a month . This is a better deal than at Bj 's for $ 40 a box . ******************* One draw back to the Amazon Mom service is they us USPS to deliver the diapers , which end up at the Post Office for me to pick up , as they obviously do not fit in my mail box at the end of my road . This is very inconvenient for me as they close at 4:45 PM . I called and asked if they could use Fed-Ex or UPS , but they said with this automatic service , there are no other options . ****************
 Pampers Baby Dry have been our choice for our 2 year old since he outgrew the Swaddlers . We liked the old Cruisers too and we used to switch back and forth between cruisers and baby dry . But I 'm not very fond of the new Dry Max Crusiers . So we have started using Pampers Baby Dry exclusively and have been very happy .
 These diapers work very well . My son actually could still fit in size three but I 've moved him up and even though they are a little bit big , we never get leaks at all .
 first time i bought this diapers through amazon , for my new born baby , working so good and i liked it
 as every new parent out there we were completely confused with the whole diaper situation
 Really like this product and love the price . My daughter is expecting her first and am getting ready for the new baby . Love it !!
 The amazon moms program has the best price even against stacking coupons at wholesale clubs . Only wish I had signed up earlier .
 I love this diapers . They can hold pretty good . And no rash ever . My baby is turning 6 months , only the first box of diapers I did not buy from Amazon . Good deal , A +
 works well , good price . did n't like the thick huggies , these work just as well without the bulk .
 We only use these for nighttime so I can not vouch for them other than that . But our boy sleeps 11-12 hours in them and they DO NOT leak . If they start to fit too small or cut it a little close we just get the next larger size -- so they are always a little big on him . They are not as soft as the swaddlers or sensitive , but for a nighttime diaper they hold a lot and also do not give him any type of diaper rash . Baby Dry also does not have dry max .
 I have 2 year old twins and we have been using the Pampers Economy Plus Pack since they were born . Awesome value for twins , plus can not beat the Amazon Price with Prime membership . As a parent of 3 kids , time is valued , so Amazon Prime has made it easy to order and gets here in 2 days !! Great product !!
 My newborns favorites diapers . Signed up for the auto-delivery and I couldnt be happier .
 I love pampers . We have used these for the past 19 months and they are wonderful . They are soft and generally we have had very few leaks . I highly recommend using Pampers .
 I used Pampers for my 1st child and doing so again with my 2nd . They fit great on kids who are wider through the hips and behind .
 I 've tried them all . Even other pampers diapers . But these are the best thus far . I liked the swaddlers when he was an infant but they do n't make them larger .
 Pampers are great . Pampers from Amazon are better . I ordered in bulk and needed a larger size faster than I thought . Amazon picked up the unopened boxes from my house and credited my card . I then ordered the correct size . Great customer service .
 First time I tried Diapers from Amazon and I must say , I am impressed ... . Though , few things to keep in mind . You wo n't know the expiration date or originality until you receive the package . . But that said , no problem for the first attempt . . JB
 Absolute Value for Money . I wish it will stay at the same price though :-RRB- .
 After trying many diapers , we finally came across these . They were recommended on a consumers website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- so we gave them a try . All the other diapers we have had have leaked . So far , we have only had one leak and it was because it was a MAJOR blowout ! These diapers have saved us money on our water bill now that I am not having to do laundry every other day ! Trust me when I say that these diapers are close to PERFECT !
 I have not had an issue with the baby dry diapers . i have been using them for my baby since she was born and I do n't think I would switch to an another brand . I have tried seventh generation and huggies but pampers works best for me .
 The Pampers Baby Dry Diapers are great . If any mom 's out their have a little one who screams the minute the pamper is soiled then this is a must have . The dry protection is so great my little 3 month old can sleep 8-9 hrs straight through the night with out a change . Plus I love the straight to my door process from Amazon mom , it is one less thing I have to worry about and can spend more time with my little one .
 I tried many brands , some more expensive and some of the cheaper ones , pampers is the one and only that does n't leak or feel wet to touch after a 12 hour night . I have 5 kids and always go back to this .
 This is my third child and I do n't really get too excited about diapers . If 90 % of the blowouts are contained , it 's a good diaper . If my child does n't have diaper rash or some other skin reaction , it 's a good diaper . So , then it comes down to quality of materials . Diaper does n't tear or tabs stick when applied ... I have never had a problem . I had relatively few problems with Costco brand diapers , as well . I switched because I can get home delivery FOR FREE at the same price as the warehouse diapers for a brand name . Win-Win ! I 've switched everything to subscribe and save -LRB- wipes , evening diapers , toilet paper -RRB- . It 's nice not to worry about a trip to the warehouse before diapers run out.This is a stress REDUCER and who does n't need that . All products can be managed . I can move or move back the shipping date to meet our actual needs . We usually run out of things every 6 weeks , so we fall between 1 and 2 months for most items .
 These Pampers baby dry are more expensive than other brands/kinds , but they work better than anything else as overnight diapers . The price I got on these was great !
 I have been using pamper product since my son was born . Never failed , never leaked , almost performed best.Now my son is 1 year old and still planned to use Pampers for a long time .
 I love these diapers . they are the only kind of Pampers that hold my daughters wetness in ALL NIGHT !! I cant stand the new DRY MAX , she leaks right out of them !
 I switched to all other diapers and finally settled with pampers as it really pampers my daughters skin ... Love it !!
 These diapers seem to work the best for keeping my baby dry through the night . I 've tried Pampers Cruisers and Huggies , and I was changing the sheets every night . Not so with Baby Dry . They are also softer than the Cruisers .
 This diapers stand by their description . My baby has been dry , dry . It hold all the overnight pee and have n't had any accidents . Love them , not bulky and can tell when my baby is wet in mediately by touching it as the texture of the diaper changes .
 Granted , the pampers baby-dry diapers are more expensive than most brands but there is a reason ; they hardly every leak . I have struggled with a few brands in the past but these are easy , and you dont find yourself having to change your baby 's clothes 3 times a day .
 Well our baby turned 3 months old today and life could n't be any better . We have used Pampers exclusively since his birth and I love them . My friend was using a different brand and her little girl got diaper rash constantly . Our baby has never had any diaper rash and I told her to start using Pampers Dry Max and sure enough no more diaper rash . I highly recommend Pampers !
 I have been using Pampers baby dry for the past 5 years with 3 different girls . They have been the best diapers by far and I 've tried everything else . They dont leak the others , the smell is great , the fit is great , and the repositional tabs are amazing .
 These diapers are great . We have never had a leak or a diaper rash since using these . They are thin and not scratchy like other brands .
 We used to use Pampers Cruisers but have tried Pampers Baby dry diapers and they are great ! Absorbant , fastener tabs stay closed , and do not leak ! Keep my baby dry and no yucky gel or smell ! Thanks pampers : -RRB-
 I 've got 2 in diapers right now . A 2 yr old and 9 month old . This being said , we go through diapers pretty quickly in our house . I love Pampers diapers . They are amazingly absorbent , and they do n't leave diaper filler on my babies , like the cheap diapers . I do , however , like the cruisers and swaddlers better than baby dry . Baby dry is a little less absorbent and they tend to have a slight urine odor in the overnight diapers . I 've yet to have one leak , though , and baby loves them . They are so soft and comfortable for them .
 I love Pampers Baby Dry . They keep my little one dryer longer . This is important to us because we travel a lot , so we do n't have to stop much for a diaper change . It holds everything in and no leaks ! Love this product . If you try them I know you 'll love them as much as I do .
 As a mom , I want to use the very best products for my children . And by using Pampers Baby Dry Diapers , I feel like I 'm doing exactly that . These diapers are high quality and never leak ! And my son loves that Elmo is on his diapers !
 I only use Pampers Diapers . They hold up , no leaks , fit nicely . They are thin but still can hold alot . I wo n't buy any other diapers .
 I love anything pampers ! Baby dry diapers are awesome because they really keep your baby dry . I used them with both of my children . You can tell from the feel of the diaper how high quality it is . As long as I have babies I will continue to use Pampers , we 're a pampers family !
 I buy these diapers for my two year old . And , I love them . They work great , and do n't leak !
 Feb was my first order of Pampers from Amazon . WOW !! love the HUGE savings and convience of free 2 days shipping.I had been using the Pampers dry max and did n't realize I orded the regualr dry diapers from Pampers . I thought well we will see , they are just as good as the dry max and keeps my baby just as dry . 252 diapers last me 2 months for my 4 month old baby girl .
 I love Pampers Baby Dry . I 've tried other brands but nothing compared . These are soft and hold up well for long periods of time -LRB- 12 hours overnight -RRB- . Highly reccomend !
 I love these diapers . I ran out and the ` other ' diapers were on sale so I thought I 'd give the other guys a shot - HORRIBLE ! They leaked everytime.Pampers baby dry are by far the best ...
 Thia baby dry diapers are perfect for a newborn . Great fit and easy to put o and take it of . A lot better price than going to any retail store . Great products def .
 The pampers where sealed and just like off the shelf except the box was sightly damaged . But the pampers inside the box where still in plastic bags sealed . Would and am presently purchasing more . .
 this was the first time i used amazon.com ! i was shocked to find wht great deals i was able to find !!
 My daughters have sensitive skin and these diapers do not irritate them the way some other brands do . They have also had no problems with `` blow outs '' since these diapers have a nice snug fit and secure tabs . I have also been very pleased with the price , taking into consideration the Amazon.com available discounts ; I certainly could do no better at any retail store !
 love these diapers ! they last all night for my son , who tosses and turns and sometimes goes # 1 & 2 middle of the night ... they do a great job at stopping leaking and my son is super active always running and rolling around the floor . I have tried the huggies and they do a good job , but they just do n't stay dry as long as the pampers . I do wish the dry max part went all the way up the back of the diaper , but I am happy with these and will use them till my son out grows them and has to switch to the cruisers .
 i have been ordering diapers and wipes from Amazon Mom for almost 2 years and have never been disappointed!always on time , and exactly what i ordered !
 I subscribed to these back when they gave you an additional 15 % off for doing so -LRB- 30 % off total instead of the total 20 % off they offer now -RRB- . It made them the cheapest per diaper which is why I chose these over the Huggies Little Movers . I only experienced leaks at night . If I changed him just once in the middle of the night , they would n't leak . We did have some problems with blowouts during the day . I would buy them again if they offered the extra 15 % off again . Other than that -LRB- being cheaper -RRB- , they are not different from Huggies .
 These diapers are great for the price ! I 've been happy with them , no leaks so far ! I would recomend these for anyone , I have a little boy and they have been great !
 I like Pampers because they are larger than many other brands , particularly in the back , so we get less blow outs . Make sure the edges of the diaper are out , not tucked in or you will have a leak . The automatic delivery from Amazon was fast and right to my doorstep , which was great because I did n't have to haul that big box around in my car , which is already loaded with a stroller , car seats , and all the do-dads involved with driving babies around ! I would n't suggest leaving your child in them longer than 10-12 hours over night or they just get too full . If your child poops during the night and wakes up , they should just be changed then . Even in a good diaper a child should n't be left in their feces long or they will have a rash or skin breakage . Children should also be wiped down between diaper changes even if they were `` just wet '' .
 My favorite diapers were the sensitive skin swaddler diapers , these were my next favorite and I think that overall they were better than the cruisers . For some reason there would be the crystals that appeared after my daughter would urinate and I honestly did n't like this . So if you do n't like the swaddlers you should give these a try .
 We have used Huggies Diapers for Our Son . Had No problem with them so started using them for our second child also . But one day when my husband went to store to get a new box of Huggies Diapers , he had to lift the Pampers box of Diapers so has to reach the Huggies diapers to his Surprise what does he find ; that the Pampers box of diapers is much lighter than the Huggies Box of Diapers not believing he checked the diaper count , both had the same number then he cross checked the boxes weight -LRB- by lifting the boxes -RRB- again then brought home the Pampers Box so from then onward we are using Pampers Diapers and ya though the pampers diapers are lighter they can hold in the same amount of capacity .
 Guess what this does ? That 's right , it keeps my floor from getting poop on it . Guess what that makes this product ? Wonderful . Yep no poop on floor = wonderful .
 i 've been busy cleaning up wet & messy leaks and washing dirty undershirts & clothes for 8 months when my friend suggested that i switch from luvs to pampers . now that my baby NEVER leaks onto her clothes and i have no dirty undershirts to soak i regret not having known earlier that it wasnt my baby who 's messy , it was the luvs that did n't suit her no matter what size i tried . pampers are definitely more expensive than luvs but they 're so worth it !
 Diapers arrived on time and was what we expected . We like this better than Huggies brand of diapers . The Pampers brand makes our baby very comfortable .
 When my Grandbaby is happy . I 'm happy . I 've always liked Pampers for many years with my kids and now I 'm using them for my Grandbabies . The Pampers Economy Pack Plus is really nice . Why ? Because it keeps me from running back to the store which save me gas money and it 's also saves me money going with the Economy Pack Plus . Thank you Pampers for being there when we need you . = -RRB-
 I really love these baby dry diaprs . The huggies snug and fit gave my daughter a really bad rash . These have never been an issue regarding allergies/sensitivity and both my girls wear them . The only time I 've had an issue with the leaks with my 2 and half year old daughter , not sure why . I 've had no more than 2 leaks with my 10 month old . These are the best diapers we 've ever come across
 I love pampers ... they have always worked so great for our son . This product does state protection for up to 12hours and it did work that way until my son was about a year ... but then he started leaking thru the diaper . So we had to move to the Pampers Overnights which do work much better . Still highly recommend .
 Diapers fit well - we had been given Huggies as a gift , but my son constantly would pee through them . We thought maybe the diapers were too small , but these came and he was fine . Definitely a Pampers fan !
 I have used nothing but Pampers on my boys since they were in the hospital and they are now 19 months old . They work fabulous !! We have had no problems . Highly recommend these diapers !
 They are good for the money however you can get more for the same price at walmart . I think I will be going with that option from now on .
 These Pampers have been a steady part of our baby 's diaper regimine since birth . I find the product above average with the only complaint the occasional torn tab .
 We saved a ton of money using subscribe and save and I would definitely recommend this brand of diapers ... Rarely does it leak , and my daughter is a very active 11 mo. old .
 Diapers are good and reliable . I am happy with the quality and quantity of the product.Baby is happy in these diapers from pampers .
 It 's good diapers . my baby is so happy to have it . and he use this every day . Thank you so much
 I have been using Pampers since my baby was born . They are perfect . I loved the product and i suggest to every mother and father .
 I was very disappointed to discover that these diapers do not have the yellow stripe that turns green when there is pee . I did n't know Pampers still made any newborn size without it . Other than that , these diaper work very well . No leaking problems yet for my 6-day old .
 These diapers used with buttpaste and my sons almost never get a rash ! No leaks either , except on rare occasions where they probably just drank too much water right before bed . Great product !
 I have tried multiple diapers and these work the best . They have the best fit and are great for overnight sleepers .
 These are the only diapers my kids will use . Huggies were too stiff and the other brands just do n't hold enough pee for my heart kiddo when he has his diuretics .
 My daughter has bladder reflux and very sensitive skin . These diapers have helped with both because the gel pulls the moisture off of her skin . They really hold a lot . She does get some blow-outs in them , but usually those are only up her back because she is in a bouncer or had the diaper on the whole night -LRB- 12 + hours -RRB- . They are really nice and well worth the money . Other brands and even other Pampers diapers have not worked as well with her skin .
 Pampers are my favorite brand of diapers and I 've tried several . I like how soft they are to the touch , how well they hold pee and poo , and their strength . Since I have found the amazon mom subscribe & save , I have been able to buy my favorite diapers for cheaper than store brand diapers !
 Having discovered ordering diapers thru Amanzon.com I have highly recommended it personally to new mothers in my area . Not only do you not have to go to the store to get them but the mailman brings them to the door with free shipping and no tax . Much cheaper than I have found here .
 Pampers diapers are one of the best I have tried thus far . I had tried Huggies and they were n't as great as I thought that they would be -LRB- being a new dad -RRB- . The Huggies did n't fit correctly for my baby and would create problems for me . Tried to save on some Wal-Mart brand diapers and they just did n't cut it . I could tell right away that the Wal-Mart brand were `` economic '' for a reason , you get what you pay for . Last but not least , I tried a CVS brand I had bought prior to the baby being born thinking , hmmm , I will take advantage of this offer and show my wife what a great dad I will be . Well , I do n't think the outcome affected what she thought of me as a dad too badly , but the CVS brand gave the baby a rash . Out of all of the diapers I have tried , Pampers has bene the best , regardless of the style/model of the Pampers diapers . I am extremely satisfied and would recommend this brand to anyone .
 Pampers Baby Dry are the best diapers hands down !! I have raised three ` lil ones , with my oldest I shopped around and bought the sale diapers and off-brands . . boy that was a mistake ! I only trust Pampers with their delicate skin and big stinky loads : -RRB-
 arrived and satisfied . . box kind of beaten up but will see when I open it if any diapers are damaged . If no damage all is well !
 Good diapers , I hav n't had a problem with them . No leaks or anything . I have been using them since my son was born . I tried huggies , but always came back to these , because they are good diapers and always had the better deal .
 Love these diapers !!!!! Have used these for all 3 of my kids now . We 've tried other Pampers diapers & other brands , but we always come back to the baby dries . The other Pampers ones were fine , but at the end of the day , cost was an issue . The Baby Dry diapers do the job great & we rarely have any leakage . My kids have all always seemed comfortable in them & they smell fantastic . They 're a great fit , seem comfy -LRB- I do n't wear them , so how would I really know , but we get no complaints -RRB- , & they 're not as expensive as some of the others , so they 're a great value . Thank you Pampers for the best diapers ever !
 I am one to never believe claims on a box like `` 12 hour dryness '' , but for these diapers - that is the truth . At least for overnight use . I have kept my son in these overnight and have had very good success . He wakes up dry and the diaper is completely saturated . Quite impressive.We switched to these from Swaddlers and have not noticed any difference in terms of leakage . I have had few leaks from these diapers and most times I think it is due to operator error and me not closing the tabs properly . As others have mentioned , the diapers are thin and easy to store . They are also easy to open and the tabs stay firmly in place . I have never ripped a tab on a Pampers diaper as I have with Huggies and Luvs diapers . Definitely recommend picking up a small pack if you are skeptical . They also seem to be a bit cheaper than swaddlers making them a better economic choice .
 I have been using pampers for my daughter from the first day of her life and I love it . Especially the pampers baby dry 3 has exceeded my expectation , it has no leaks . Now that I do not need to change her at the middle of the night , the diaper has not leaked once when I change her after 10 - 12hours . I am loving it .
 So I kept switching back and forth between huggies and pampers . At first I used the Huggies little swaddlers and loved them and then I used the organic huggies and liked them too . But I do n't know what huggies changed about their snug and dry diapers but they balloon up and tend to leak compared to these pampers and prior Huggies purchases . I found this true for Huggies size 3 's and 4 's even when my infant was well within the weight limits and was n't even crawling yet . I thought I just got a bum case but it happened on the next case as well . My little guy is 10 months old now and we 've been using pampers even overnight for over 2 months now -LRB- roughly three cases worth -RRB- and since they 're always within pennies per diaper of huggies in cost they are well worth it and far surpass the snug and dry huggies !
 Love these ! I just wish Amazon had n't stopped shipment of these economy packs to military overseas :-LRB- I 've been using these for more than 2 years for my twin boys and they 're what works best for them . I size up for naps and bedtimes - so they are in size 5 's during the day and size 6 's for naps and overnight - no leaks !
 love this diapers , they are so soft for babies and they fit very good and also the material is not hard for the babies ' skin that for me is very important .
 I am from other country where we do n't use diapers for babies most of the time . We use it only if we take a baby out for the parties . I have 5 months baby and we used this product for him . He is very comfort now . Excellent product !
 I 've used these diapers for two years . After Swaddlers , it was hard to find a quality diaper that worked great but did n't cause a terrible skin reaction . I hate Cruisers bc they wicked made my child 's skin breakout within a half hour . I did n't like Huggies red boxes or Luvs bc they leaked overnight.Huggies Overnight are great but too expensive.I found these to be perfect . In all the nights we 've used these , we 've had about 20 wet pajamas mornings . So , WAY better than the others , at a price I can live with .
 It 's a good choice . Help me to save some money.It 's good enough to keep dry for about 5 hours or up and it 's much cheaper than the rest of pampers .
 This package and this price is a very reasonable . I prefer to purchase diapers in bulk packaging so that I do not constantly need to be going to the store . Best price around !
 Pampers has been my choice for my children . I feel that we have less leak through , and better overnight protection with pampers .
 Pampers are the best newborn diapers , and I 've tried almost everything . Amazon subscribe and save has the best deal on diapers , hands down , and I could n't find Pampers anywhere for this price.They do n't leak , suck moisture to prevent rashes and are easy on my babies ' sensitive skin . I 'll never go back : -RRB-
 Being and Amazon Mom and using the subscribe and save progeam is thebest deal on pampers I have found by far . These have been great with our little one , I would say though that the ` up to 12 hrs ' has n't been the case for us .
 These diapers are absolutely wonderful . My son has never worn anything but pampers . These allow him to sleep through the night without waking because of leaks . They are advertised as a 12 hour diaper and completely live up to that !
 I tried couple of kinds with my son -LRB- now almost 3 years old -RRB- and this is the only kind that always worke . When my baby girl was born I knew what to get without having to try all kinds first I went and got those right away ! both mommy and baby are pleased .
 Good price , I 'd buy again for the same value.Bargains on everyday items , and specials , would cause me to buy more from Amazon .
 I made the mistake of having my daughter wear Luvs during a fancy party in her honor . Well , they leaked HORRIBLY and ruined her party outfit . I 've never had this kind of problem with Pampers , although we do get the occasional leak , especially at the waistband . I 've found that a better choice than Pampers Baby-Dry is Pampers Swaddlers , with elastic all the way around the waist in addition to around the legs . Still , if leaks at the waist are n't much of an issue for your little one , the Baby-Dry Pampers will do fine .
 I usually watch for the diapers to be about 17 cents per diaper and purchase and when I do they are usually here within 4-6 days . I have done this several times and am very happy with this service . Plus the super saver shipping is awesome !
 Ordered my diapers on 12/1 received it on 12/10 . preety fast if you ask me ! As far as the pampers brand they are the best out there and for this price and free shipping I ca n't pass it up .
 I 've used pampers Baby Dry diapers since bringing home my baby from the hospital . They 've always worked the best , and these are no different . Even as a larger size , they are still absorbent and seldom leak . I truly appreciate the quality of Pampers and their commitment to creating a good product . No more changing wet sheets !
 Good Deal with S&S and Prime , but when the budget is tight we go even cheaper , trying not to spend more than .18 per diaper .
 These boxes have been a life saver . not only do they come straight to your home but they are more quantity than any store ive seen even costco and better price too !
 These have amazing leak protection , and definitely keep baby dry . They 're also a great value for the price . The only reason I could n't give them five starts is because I still like Pampers Swaddlers a little better with the wetness indicator and a little better fit . Swaddlers are substancially more expensive though .
 cost effective and perfect for my 5 months ' old . I have been using for last two months and it gives exactly what is needed for the infants
 I love pampers baby dry . I tried every brand and had leakage problems . So far with pampers baby dry , I did not have any leakage problem . Also , my baby is taller and I noticed pampers work best for taller babies . I highly recommend this product and the price at amazon is the best price you can get in the market . If you are satisfied with the product you can save more with the subscribe and save option with amazon .
 Everything was perfect ! The diapers came on time and in great condition as always . I will most definitely continue ordering my diapers on Amazon .
 I have 2 boys and have tried all of the major brands , and some generics . Everytime I try a different brand I am disappointed and go back to pampers . I feel they are the best diaper for boys .
 I have tried Kirkland and Huggies and this is my favorite diaper so far . My baby is 6 months old now and we use this as overnight diaper . It keeps his bottom dry for around 8 hours . This is also the cheapest overnight diaper I have found so far . With amazon mom and automatic reorder , the price beats most of the other diapers out there.Why I gave 4 instead of 5 - When it gets really wet , it will bunch up and hang down and leak occasionally .
 We 've tried lots of other brands but we 've had blowouts and/or leaks -LRB- yuck -RRB- ! Pampers have been the only diaper that we have n't had this problem . I LOVE that Amazon offers these through the Subscribe and Save program for such an awesome price . I 've paid about the same price for a 92 count at the store and with this I get 222 diapers - really a no-brainier ! The fact that it 's delivered to me does n't hurt either !
 Pampers is by far the best type on diapers . The only one I 'd ever buy . I have been supplying my grandson with diapers from birth , and he 's never had any leaks or discomfort . I am really always happy to do my purchases from Amazon versus baby.com -LRB- 1800diapers . com -RRB- as they charge a fee for shipping . Amazon is free . I will continue to purchase for my grandson and other family members who want to have a large stock at all times . I really like the bulk packaging .
 I bought several packages of huggies before and found that there were always some tiny white stuffs coming out from the wet diapers . Those stuffs might be not harmful for the baby but make me uncomfortable.So I moved on to pampers baby dry , and it never has this kind of problem.The baby dry is soft , thin and cheaper than cruiser . My son likes it.BTW , the Shippeng is very fast .
 I think this is a great bargain . Especially with the free shipping and the super saver club in which you automatically get your order shipped to you once a month or however you choose to receive the diaper shipment along with the 15 % off for joining the super saver club . It is a great bargain , especially with two in diapers . Thanks !!!
 This was a great option for diapers.It easy , quick , and they come right to your door !
 These diapers fit well and are absorbant enough to leave on overnight without a diaper change . I 'm not sure that the waistband straps are any more `` stretchy '' than Pampers Swaddlers though . The waistband is actually consistently loose on my baby , but we have n't had any leaks due to that . I plan to keep buying these diapers .
 One of the best-lightweight , absorbent and kids do not complain -- we have been using it for 4 years on two kids .
 this product is great . no leaks and since my son is skinny not all diapers work well with him
 We have tried several brands of diapers and definitely prefer Pampers for our son . They fit him best and we very rarely have `` explosions . '' This box is a great value .
 these are most absorbent diapers and they never smell . i got the best price from amazon .
 Great product , we never had a leaking problem with this one . And it does n't cause diaper rash .
 I love this product ... until the price gopes up . This product costs $ 40.00 bought seprately at the store . Once the price goes up to $ 37 - $ 38 i 'm not saving anything .
 I notice so many people complain the shipping problems , I just want to tell my experience , I ordered it on 22 , Oct ,2004 , and received on 27 , Oct ,2004 . What a fast shipping !!!
 Hi , This time the diapers we received are old . The straps for the diapers are ripping apart . CAn we return the item or hoe does it work ? I discarded the carton . Usually they are good but this item we received old stock.Thanks
 Love that I discovered the option of purchasing diapers on Amazon !!!! They state that they are used but are perfectly fine . THANK YOU THANK YOU
 I bought these diapers because of the incredible deal with the Subscribe and Save/Amazon Mom discount combo -LRB- note
 We really love the Pampers baby dry for our 13 month old . We ca n't really think of any significant leaks be it during the night -LRB- when we do n't change his nappies cause it disturbs his sleep -RRB- or during the day . Also with Amazon 's great prices it is a good buy ...
 This diaper is very comfy . My son really enjoyed wearing it . Hopefully the price can be a bit lower at the local retail store though .
 When my son was born , we got a variety of brands to try for everything - body wash , diapers , wipes , bottles , etc. . I tried store brands and just about every other brand out there for diapers and Pampers came out on top for us . Pampers can hold up all night long and they are n't too thick . Some of the other brands I tried were really thick and they made is diaper area smell ! These diapers let him breathe and he rarely has diaper rash . Plus , if you order them from Amazon Mom , they are the cheapest .
 We are to the end of our experience with diapers as little one is potty training but this SERIOUSLY is the most amazing value and I wish I had found it sooner ! 172 size 5 diapers delivered for $ 30.00 ? Plus an additional month of free 2 day shipping ? This is a no brainer !
 I 'm all for being frugal these days and before I had Katelyn I swore I would use a less expensive brand of diaper and not get sucked in by a product just because of the name , but I honestly have to say that Pampers are the best diapers we have used by far . We 've tried Huggies and find they leak EVERY time and then we tried Luvs because of the price and they felt like I was putting plastic on my baby 's bottom and I find that store brands are not as absorbant or as soft . The hospital used Pampers Swaddlers and they were so soft and absorbant , I was upset when Katelyn finally outgrew them . The next step up from the Swaddlers was either Cruisers or Baby Dry and we chose to go with Baby Dry all the time because of the exceptional absorbancy . Katie does n't generally take naps during the day so she sleeps like 12 hours overnight and sometimes her diapers feel like they weigh a ton when she wakes up but they have NEVER ONCE LEAKED ! Now that is superior absorbency in my opinion . My only problem with Pampers is that you never find coupons for Baby Dry diapers , only Cruisers . Fortunately because of the Amazon Moms program and the discount you get when you place a standing order , the Economy Pack of diapers is more than affordable . We go through a case this size about once every 6 weeks.Also wanted to mention that she has never had a diaper rash . The diaper pulls all the liquid into the core so that the diaper does n't stay moist on her skin for even the shortest amount of time . This is definitely a great product and for once the brand name is truly worth the price !
 I love pampers ! I have three kids now and all three of them I used Pampers with . My oldest daughter would actually get a rash with the `` other '' diapers so we switched to Pampers and I will never go back !
 With amazon mom I only pay $ 30 for this box which lasts a month . Diaper quality is fine well worth the buy !!
 These diapers are amazing for babies that have a longer torso and a smaller waist ... We tried Huggies on our baby boy and he always wet out of them . The only time that he wets out of Pampers is when it is time to move up to the next size !! I am a HUGE fan of Pampers !
 Pampers are not only a great product , but I really love that they chose to make a box with 276 diapers . It makes life a little easier not having to purchase diapers on a weekly basis .
 I find these to be much softer and less prone to leak compared to the generic brands I had been using . I tried these when I found out they were cheaper , and found they are much better . They are great for day , but need to put Huggies overnight diapers on in the evening .
 Exactly what I thought it would be . They lasted an entire month cheaper than stores and i did n't have to pick them up so no gas lost ! Loved that since i am a amazon mom i got free 2 day delievery but what was even better was i got it the very next day ! Amazon does an amazon job i highly recomend buying anything from amazon !!
 I have tried many diaper brands including many store brand diapers . However , I always end up going back to Pampers even though they cost more . Pampers are the softest and they seem to hold the most waste . They also seem to keep kids the dryest and the Baby Dry does not tend to fall apart . These diapers have good elasticity and can fit many body types . Additionally , they stay secured well and resecure well if they need to be refastened.My only complaint is the Pampers rewards program . The point system is very skimpy and it takes a very long time to accrue enough points to get a meaningful gift .
 They 're great diapers . Especially for my 9 month old son . They are the ONLY diapers my son doesnt soil through through the night ! They fit great , and he 's very mobile , but the diapers support well anyways . I ordered these with standard shipping and got them the very next day . Very recommended
 This Pampers size 2 is a wonderful product for a great price . Delivery is prompt and FREE ! It is also very easy to manage , update , or change subscription preferences .
 It came on time , and it was in the condition that they indicated it would be . I am very satisfied !
 We have three kids and we have tried so many different brands over the time . Pampers is slightly shorter than some others , but our experience says that it 's simply the best brand . Pampers diapers best resist the leaking . Definitely recommended , specially with Amazon 's subscribe & save makes them great deal and even better if you are Amazon mom member !
 These diapers are awesome . Quite the bargain too when purchased as a Subscribe & Save and Amazon Mom product . Ca n't beat it !
 I love the price for Pampers diapers that Amazon offers !!! Pampers is the ONLY brand my 10 month daughter can wear !!!! They are gentle on her skin and a perfect fit . We have had VERY FEW leaking out of the diaper accidents in the past 10 months and 99 % of those were human error of improper placement .
 The first diaper we ever put on my daughter were Pampers from the hospital . People had given us gifts of other brand diapers , but I soon realized that none of them compared to those Pampers Swaddlers . We have since given the rest of the diapers we received as gifts to others when they had babies . : -RRB- We have tried other brands in the 2 years since , and none of them compare to Pampers . We do n't even bother looking at other brands anymore .
 Same product we always have used . Larger box is nice to get an entire month out of . Autoship and low pricing makes amazon a no brainer .
 This was my first order through amazon mom and not only were the diapers delivered quickly , they came in great condition . The deal for 144 Baby Dry Pampers through Amazon is insanely good - I only have to order once a month and my daughter has enough diapers until the next shipment is automatically sent out !
 I been using pampers since my baby was born , I just used some other brand because it 's a gift for us , but still my first choice is Pampers ...
 It is good for my baby . My baby has no diaper rash since she use this diaper.I will refer to my friends .
 Used these everyday & night . Never had leaks , they fit my son well . The price is good & you gt more diapers per box .
 For the price it 's great.It comes in a timely manner & price saving.I recommend to try the 3month subscription.You can beat the quantity & price .
 I went right back to baby dry and no more leaks . I have also tried other brands and I loved Huggies for my daughter but they do n't work for my son . Funny how each is different . I am a mother of 4 and Luvs worked for my other son . You just go with what works for your child . I also have noticed that they work differently for different ages as well . Good idea to try a few out before you buy the jumbo packs .
 I have used these diapers for my ids and now for the grandkids . Pampers you were great then and even better now
 We are very happy with pampers ! They fit our daughter well and we hardly ever have a leak . When we do have a leak it 's been at night when she has slept extra long . We also love the pampers rewards : -RRB-
 I love how amazon offers all of these discounted diapers and baby products . Makes life so much easier will save me a load of cash . The 30 % off for subscribe and save is definitely a plus
 We love the baby dry diapers because they keep our 10 month old daughter dry all day with no leaks . At night we just put her in a size larger & she sleeps 12 hours straight without even waking up !
 Pampers baby dry diapers are the best brand of diapers and you can beat the price on this 156 count box.These diapers are soft , smell good and keep my son and my daughter dry . Provides great protection for my babies and they does n't break out in a rash ! Any other diaper makes them break out in a rash and these are sensitive enough to not be irritating ! It 's amazing !
 We have primarily used Pampers for our son , but often struggle at availability of the specific types of diapers and/or sizes.Subscribing for a continual delivery of Pampers diapers has been the greatest addition to our life . We both work and trying to get to the store to buy diapers is always a juggling act between the two kids and life in general . Through this subscription process , we never have to worry about not having the right diapers as we can adjust the deliveries to meet our timeframes . Additionally , the convenience of coming home to delivered diapers is a blessing !
 I made the huge mistake of buying the baby dry after reading through the reviews.Instead we have been using these for over a month now and I have had to clean up a poop spill at least every other day . My baby was 5 months old when we started using these and since she is not eating solids yet , the poop is pretty runny.The baby dry do n't absorb the runny poop and it tends to just go right up the back side of the diaper onto her outfit and usually whatever or whoever she is lying on . It 's just not worth the money saved ! I will only buy the Swaddlers from now on .
 I 've had problems in the past with other diapers blowing out . However , with the Pampers Baby Dry , I have had no problems with leaky diapers . I also love the delivery to my door every month -- I have n't had to shop for diapers in over 4 months !
 I absolutely love them for my baby . She urinates a river when she wets the diapers . I found them the best to keep her dry longer . No more wetting her pants while she sleeps .
 You CANT beat this deal . Trust me , I have looked ! It is cheaper than buying off brand diapers . Usind the subscribe and save option is a time saver as well .
 Its really helpful , hygienic and easy . I really love the design of these Dry diapers that perfectly fits . Really nice . I keep buying it .
 I always use pampers and love them . Keep up the good work and providing us moms with real diapers for our kids !
 I have used these diapers since my son went into a size 2 . I was told by a friend to try Cruisers once he went into a 3 and that was a big mistake . Apparently , my friend used Cruisers before the big changes and the introduction of DryMax . If they stop making these diapers or add DryMax I dont know what I would do , I LOVE THESE !! These stand up overnight and to big messes : - -RRB-
 Great deal on diapers . I was worried about potential leaks but I have n't noticed them happening any more often than the store brand diapers we usually get . Potential leaks at night have been avoided because we layer a cloth diaper over the disposable , and honestly very often the cloth is still dry by morning . Generally if he has too much to drink before bed or if he sleeps an extra long time . Either way , love the value and these do just as well as other diapers we 've bought , so I 'm satisfied !
 We really like all the Pampers diapers we 've used . They are comfortable for our baby and they seem to do a great job .
 A lot of people are writing about the size not being accurate -- the size of the 1-2s are the same as the 1s , but I noticed that the 1-2s have a blue liner . I am wondering if they 're intended for babies who need the size of the 1s with the absorbancy of the 2s ? Does anyone else know ? Pampers does n't have anything on their website ...
 I love pampers ... I have tried almost all the other diapers out there including huggies , luvs , and white cloud . Pampers are the only true leak-proof diapers made !! They also fit my 11 lb . son perfectly . I have no complaints .
 We are on our 2 second child and still use the Pampers Dry brand . With my 1st daughter we tried some less expensive brands like Huggies and they all leaked . Pampers NEVER LEAKED ... My new little one is 4 months and sleeps all night long . When she gets up in morning , the pamper is so full to the max but the sheets and her clothing are all very dry !!!! I keep reading about this pamper leaking ... all I can say is that maybe the pamper is put on loosely . I have a friend who just barely tapes them on and complaints that they leak ... that is because they are hanging more off than on . TRUST PAMPERS !!!
 I have found that no other diapers provide the quality of leak control and absortion that pampers do . I would n't trade brands for anything .
 I LOVE that Amazon.com gets diapers -LRB- Specifically pampers -RRB- in and runs specials on them with free shipping ! They always arrive in less than a week -LRB- sometimes its days ! -RRB- and i dont have to go get them !!!!
 My daughter suffers from diaper rash . These diapers have been the best to keep her dry and rash free .
 I have been using Pampers Baby-Dry diapers since Zach was only a few weeks old . These are the only diapers I will use on him . They are soft and comfortable for him . I ca n't say there was never an incident of a leaky diaper , but I would love to meet the mom who has never had a diaper mess at one point or other ! LOL I have tried other diapers , but these seem to be the most comfy and best control against diaper accidents .
 I have found that you ca n't beat Amazons Pampers prices and the best thing is that they show up on my door step often in less than a week !!!!!!!! No tax and no shipping.I buy all of my diapers from Amazon . The only down side is that I have n't figured out if or how to use manufactures coupons on Amazon 's site for even greater savings but the deals are as good as it gets .
 These diapers fit my 20 + lb . baby great . The flex tabs contour to my baby 's really chubby thighs . Other diapers that do not have much stretch in the tabs tend to dig into the top of his thighs . So , these fit snuggly without being being tight & they are also very absorbent .
 Pampers fit the best and hold the most liquid among all the other diapers in the market . It 's soft on my baby 's skin . I am very brand loyal towards pampers ...
 seems like pampers works best for my son - we tried other brands and they didnt work as well . definitely sticking with pampers !
 Suscribe and Save !! Best way to get diapers , shipped to my front door and for a great price !!! I love it !!
 I 've been using this brand since we took our 1st LO -LRB- who is now 16 mo. -RRB- out from the hospital since she was born ... I 'm using the same brand for our 2nd LO a NB . Have always been satisfied ... I 've tried huggies but I think I just got comfortable with pampers already so decided to stick with it . Plus to start off its the brand used by the hospitals ... . I guess coz its more affordable than huggies .
 We just got these so I have n't even opened them as of yet . But , if they work as great as the size 3 's then I know they will be awesome.It is hard to beat the Amazon Mom cost and the free shipping . Thanks so much , with twins we have to find ways to save wherever we can !
 They were good until my baby outgrew them and then they leaked . So , we are now moving on up to 4 !
 I used a coupon 2 $ off . good price . I look forward to better offer next time ro so . maybe ... df
 I have tried different brands like Luvs , Huggies , and others but they can not compare to Pampers baby dry ! These diapers DO NOT leak and blowouts are a thing of the past ! My child sleeps for 13 + hours a night and she wakes up dry .
 It is big enough for my 31-month-old baby . No leaking . Easy to change when you are outside . Soft for your baby .
 A friend recommended I try getting diapers this way . Cheaper than coupons and no running to the store . Very convenient for a mom with young children . The diapers came earlier than stated and in perfect condition .
 Absolutely love pampers baby dry . This is my second child that I have used it with and I would recommend for all mothers . I have never had a problem with leaks or smell . I have a boy and a girl and it worked great with both . You sometimes here stories about something working better for boys then girls , not this product . Also amazon had it at the best price when you signed up for subscribe and save .
 ORDERED DIAPERS ON AMAZON.COM.BECAUSE IT WAS CHEAP AND WOULD COME RIGHT TO MY DOOR.INSTEAD OF GOING TO THE STORE AND SITTING IN LINE WAITING FOR A CASHIER.REALLY WAS HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT AND HOW IT WAS AT MY DOOR AND SAVED US MONEY THANKS AMAZON.COM
 I 've been using these diapers -LRB- with varing sizes -RRB- for the past year . Never any problems . Love them . Even more , I LOVE subscribe and save . It saves me so much time to not have to remember to pick up diapers from the store . I never run out !!!
 I 've always loved pampers for my children . They Are durable and do not leak . I do however feel that the price slowly continues to increase !
 I love Pampers Baby Dry ! you get more diapers in the package and they are great ! They do n't leak , they are soft , and they are pretty flexible . I love Pampers !
 This truly is the best value . I 've shopped other websites and local retail stores for something similar but nothing comes close . It is the best price for this many diapers , and the best part I do n't have to shop for diapers as often .
 Love Pampers from swaddlers to baby dry . We are on size 3 now and have been ordering through Amazon Mom Subscribe and save since baby was born .
 I have 2 aging cocker spaniels whose bladder control is n't as reliable as it used to be . Size 6 fits well . We use these on them during the day if they 're alone at home , and at night while sleeping . Keeps them from using the kitchen floor as a bathroom .
 Cheap and good . Really good wipes for the price . . smooth and strong . I recommend it to any age baby or child .
 Pampers Baby Dry diapers are amazing . They absorbe everything and do just what they say , stay dry . None of those little jelly beads like in other diapers . They hold up to their name . They also smell wonderful with that fresh baby powder scent . Thisa is a great purchase and a great deal .
 I will not use any other diaper ! I have tried several other brands and they all were a huge dissapointment . Its worth a few extra bucks to be satisfied . The price on Amazon is great though . Even better than Sam 's Club .
 I save from .04 to .07 per diaper -LRB- depending on sizes I have autoshipped and mr mom deductions -RRB- as opposed to walmart 's price . This adds up to a minimum savings of $ 7.68 per box up to well over $ 10 per box on smaller sizes . I have 3 in diapers .
 I ORDERED AN AUTO SHIP ORDER OF PAPMERS FOR OUR DAUGHTER & SHE LOVES GETTING THEM & NOT RUNNING OUT OF DIAPERS ! THEY ARE SUPER ABSORBANT & KEEP THE BABY DRY , DRY DRY ! NO DIAPER RASH & SHE IS 7 MO. . OLD NOW . KEPT HER SO DRY AS IN INFANT ; USED THE SWADLERS AT NEWBORN & BABY DID N'T EVEN WAKE UP WHEN SHE WAS WET ! VERY EASY TO GO IN TO ACCOUNT & CHANGE SIZE OF DIAPERS NEEDED AS SHE GROWS.BECAUSE OF GREAT TRACK RECORD WITH PAPMERS , I WOULD N'T EVEN CONSIDER USING ANOTHER BRAND & MY DAUGHTER LOVES THEM.AUTO SHIP IS THE BEST THING SINCE SLICED BREAD & IF SHE NEEDS THEM SOONER , SO EASY TO GO IN & HAVE THEM SHIPPED EARLIER THAN SCHEDULED .
 I love Pampers , this is such a great program . I love that I can have them delivered on a monthly basis and do n't have to worry about going to the store , and at such a great price .
 the best diapers ever !!!! i use them with my first baby and they are the most amazing never had any liking or rash on the kids body
 I prefer these diapers because the swaddlers had a mesh that stuck to my babies bottom . My only complaint is that they are a smaller fit . I will have to order a size 3 next time .
 My LO is 3 1/2 months old and is primarily breastfed with 1 bottle of formula a day . I started using the baby dry diapers a few weeks ago ONLY during the night time . And they are awesome ! Now my little one rarely poos during the night time now so these baby dry diapers are awesome for me ! Most nights they last the whole night and his clothes are still dry .
 Diapers fit well . oak up the liquids and easy to use . Wish I did n't need so many as it is fun to change them .
 Pampers are the best for your little ones . The diaper absorb the moisture very well and keep kids skin dry . Surely recommend it .
 I have only had one leak in these diapers and my baby is now 12 months old . She has NEVER had a diaper rash and sleeps 12 hours in these diapers at night . I tried Huggies for a 5 days and she had diaper rash after 2 days . I donated the rest of the diapers and sent my husband out for more Pampers ! They are so soft too . Ca n't go wrong with these diapers .
 Great deal for diapers and name brad ones at that . My son did the best with pampers since he was one of the bigger babys . At this price you cant beat it !
 These are adequately absorbent , no offensive scents from the diaper material -LRB- before being used -RRB- . Easy to use restickable tape . I have used these diapers in varying sizes since day one without any problems -LRB- except that they can not handle all the urine of a 2 year old overnight -RRB- . I never had rash problems that I can attribute to these diapers .
 I used hugggies when my daughter was newborn and had a lot of leaks . However , my sister 's baby was much smaller than mine and did better with huggies . In my own assessment with friends ... it seemed the bigger babies did much better with pampers . This is probably not the case for everyone , just my own observation . I love these diapers and would never consider switching to an off brand .
 What can I say , these are Pampers , the best brand out there in a disposable diaper . Every now and then I surprise my daughter with one of these giant boxes , and needless to say , she 's happy . And they are a great deal through Amazon . I try to buy them through Warehouse Deals whenenever I can - the box might be a little beat up , but diapers are separately packaged inside , so they are just fine .
 I was never a pampers fan , but I started using them with subscribe and save a few months ago , and I have become a fan . My fault , I ordered a size larger this last time cuz the size 2 were getting a little snug , but these size 3 were way too big so I have switched back to size 2 in the LUVs brand . I would recommend using the Pampers , only if you do subscribe and save or do n't mind spending the money . I Have always used Huggies , but I do like the pampers , but do n't know if they are worth the huge extra price tag . That is the biggest downfall to me .
 What can I say ... they performed their duties as expected . I like the Pampers diapers and will continue to use them .
 These diapers were good . They 're nice and thin . But compared with luvs with ultra leakguards , I like the price of the luvs better . Performance between the two is about the same for me . These leaked from time-to-time for me but I have n't yet found any that do n't .
 Amazon Mom has the best price for diapers ... we found Pampers work best for our daughter ... whereas Huggies worked best for our son some years ago , before Amazon Mom existed and we paid much more i am sure
 We replaced the Pampers sesitive with these and you can tell the difference in both diapers . these a thiner and not as soft . But work just as great and they are cheaper . We have used Pampers since our first kid and after trying different brands this is by far the best ; softer , no leaks , good price -LRB- amazon subscribe and save -RRB- .
 To me these diapers work just the same as the Pampers Swaddlers . A baby is always going to have a blown out diaper from time to time . So that happens with any diaper . I do n't know about some babies ; but mine eats alot , therefore goes # 2 alot . These work the same as the Swaddlers except the feel of the diaper is slightly different . Does n't bother me or my baby . They still have the stretch sides and my baby is now 2 1/2 months and has never had a diaper rash yet . Only time I put a butt cream on her is when she goes down for bed at night because she 'll be in the diaper all night while sleeping . Plus , these diapers are alot less in price then the Swaddlers . I LOVE THEM . Also , just bought another box today under the Subscribe & Save program and saved 30 % plus I had an additional 20 % off coupon code in Parenting Magazine for 20 % off Amazon diapers . So these diapers are $ 40 retail ; but I just bought them today from Amazon for $ 20.00 !! Great price for a great product .
 I have tried many types of diapers on my five children and Pampers are by far my favorite ! They provide the best leak proof coverage and are slim enough that people have thought my older kids were already potty trained . With 30 % off through Amazon Mom , these diapers are even cheaper than Parent 's Choice . And they are delivered straight to your door ! You ca n't beat that !
 With my first two kids , way back in the late 90s , I could n't afford to keep them in Pampers . Heck , now , despite the higher quality and lack of leakage , I would n't be able to take advantage of these large quantity boxes ! But with Amazon Mom and Subscribe and Save service , I can get these for cheaper than the smaller boxes in the store ! Great quality in a super quantity - this deal 's a steal !!
 I 've used Pampers Baby-Dry for four children and they 've always worked really well . They are absorbent enough to use for overnight . I like the flexible , elastic legs - they fit great . They have a nice subtle baby powder scent and cute Sesame Street designs .
 Love the Baby Dry diapers w/o dry max ! Cruisers have the new dry max which broke my son 's little bottom out with sore like blisters . Glad Pamper 's is still making this on w/o dry max!Best part about his diaper box was the price ! With subscribe and save program and signing up for amazon mom I will get 30 % off diapers and free shipping . This price simply can not be beat , even at membership clubs!Great job amazon ! Diapering baby just got cheaper !
 We tried just about every brand of diapers when our daughter was born . From Huggies , Target brand , Kirkland brand -LRB- Costco -RRB- , Pampers Swaddlers , Pampers Cruisers , and more ! We used the Pampers Cruisers until she was about 6 months old , then we decided to try the Baby Dry . We had heard mixed reviews about the Baby Drys so we were a bit hesitant at first . In all honesty , we were completely surprised . We think the Baby Drys fit her better and absorb just as good as the Cruisers . We have yet to have a blowout with them and we have been using them for about 6 months now ! Plus they are cheaper than the cruisers so you end up saving some much needed money every month ! We will definitely be using Baby Dry with our next kid !
 With the free 2-day shipping , I normally get the diapers the next day . But with this last shipment , I got them on Monday , when I had ordered them on Thursday . Not sure what was up with that , but overall still a good deal .
 I do n't buy an item until I research it to death and this price for these great diapers is the best !
 I 've always used Pampers . I was impressed when I first bought them for my son and the diaper was wet , but he was n't . Good product , am using them for my daughter .
 I 've had good luck with Pampers so far and have no complaints . To the person who was disappointed there was no blue line , I also thought these would have them like the ones I had previously . Then I figured out the blue line is only on the Pampers Swaddlers and not on the Pampers Baby Dry Diapers . I have started only buying diapers online through Amazon because if you use the Subscribe and Save and the Amazon Mom discount its cheaper than you would pay even at the big discount club stores .
 Quality as usual good . . very goodBest thing is cost - Lowest anywhere when you take advantage of 10 $ off of 49 $
 Bought this for my newborn , as the diapers with size N are not available . They are a bit loose , but fits good enough to hold her waist .
 Diapers hold well and earned Amazon bucks through taking surveys so almost free for me , which is even better !! :-RRB- Free shipping too !! : -RRB-
 I never had problem with Amazon shipping so far . They are pretty quick .
 I wear these when my mistress comes over and I dress like an infant and she paddles me for being a bad baby.Goo Goo Gaa Gaa .
 This is a great product and its worth the price . Our baby enjoys and since we need to change the diaper very often . Most often our baby stays dry through out the night and its uninterrupted sleep for the baby and that means uninterrupted sleep for us as parents.Pampers Baby Dry Size 3 Diapers Economy Pack Plus 222 Count
 I love these diapers as well as the economy size . This is one of the best diaper deal for high quality diapers I have seen . We go through 2 cases a month and the subscribe and save is a great option as well . Pampers keep my sons dry through the night !
 We have used Pampers since our daughter was born . She is now 11 months and now wears Pampers cruisers . We love Pampers no issues ever .
 I usually purchase Pampers Cruisers , which as most moms know , can be much more expensive . I accidently purchased these Baby Dry Pampers , not even thinking that Pampers has different kinds of Diapers in the same size . Well , I decided to use them and I love them ! Thy work just as well as the more expensive kind and I do n't notice any difference in bulkiness . In fact , I think they sag less ! I have purchased another box of Baby Dry and do n't think I 'll go back to paying more for the same thing !
 I 've been using this service since last year and it 's a very convenbient service when you do n't have time or disponibility to go out to shop . I was out of the country and just ordered it , so when I got home it was already here . I did n't need to worry about my son diapers .
 I have purchased these diapers because of the price and I am not disappointed . My 2 month old baby is peeing and pooping a lot and so far there have been no accidents with these diapers . I stopped changing her diaper at night about 2 weeks ago and still no leakage in a 12 hour time period . Pampers keeps its promise . My baby is long and lean and these diapers fit her perfectly . I am currently using amazon 's subscribe and save program to buy these diapers and the price is unbeatable for a Pampers product .
 Only brand my grandson 's mother uses - nice to be able to order them and have them delivered to her door to feel like I can help !
 These have worked very well for my daughter , for the most part these keep her dry . When I have had trouble is on occasion she will be a little wet in the mornings , though I must take into account that this means going w / the 1 diaper from 7p-7a w/o changing . They do claim to keep baby dry for 12-13 hrs though . I take very meticulous care to place the diaper very well , so that there are the least chances of any leakage too . Despite these occasional accidents , I am having another baby soon & will likely be using Pampers as my choice of diaper .
 Excellent and love the baby powder smell about them ! I also like that the tabs only stick to the blue sesame stripe . Works well when not using cloth diapers !
 I have used pampers since my 10 month old was born . Initially I used the swaddles sensitive , which was great because they had the strip that changed colors when the baby is wet . But now I use the baby dry and have been very happy . Pampers came highly recommended to me , and I highly recommend them to other Moms !
 you ca n't beat this deal!at the store the best you do is about 10 cents a diaper.this one works out to be about half that.so ... plan ahead and get your diapers from AMAZON .
 Amazon is the best place to shop . The price is reasonable and because of the count , it last long . Overall , it is a good buy .
 I prefer pampers in general because the elastic waistband on some of the other brands always seem like they squeeze my baby too much . But pampers fits well without leaving marks on the skin . But my favorite part of this diaper , even compared to some of the other pampers is that this one smells good ! I mean really good ! Lol kinda like the addicting baby powder or baby lotion smells . Sometimes I am holding my baby and get a whiff of the diaper and I love it ! Lol
 So upset with Amazon . I tried to request this shipment sooner , however , website would n't accept it . I tried it a few times and it would n't accept it . Then I come home a couple of days later with 3 of these boxes on my porch ! Why do I need 666 size 3 diapers at one time with one child ?!
 I love Amazon 's Subscribe and save . It is really a great deal ! The amount I spend On Amazon with Amazon Mom , is cheaper than going to the store with a coupon on our base ! I absolutely love the fact that with Amazon mom being free , you are allowed free shipping as well ! It is an awesome benefit . I will always order my sons pampers and wipes online from now on . IF only I would have know about this when he was first born . Two thumbs up on the pampers and on the Amazon way of making life cheaper and easier!Eva
 You can not beat this deal anywhere . It was barely a better deal until I proceeded to check out , and then I was completely amazed with my savings !! I will never shop for diapers any other way .
 I have a subscription to this diaper package . But the price recently went up a bit . Except that , this subscription is pretty decent deal compared with other retailer .
 I love these diapers . They feel soft and rarely leak . Through Amazon , they are cheaper than the cheapo diapers I used to buy from the store . I also love that they are sent to my door .
 As a two dad household we do feel the label of amazon `` mom '' is bad ... how about amazon parent ? But we love the value of these diapers . We stay away from the dry max because of rash issues we have heard about . Our little one never has a problem with the baby dry and we love how the diapers just appear on our doorstep and at a great price . We always tell friends about what a great deal it is !
 Usually this is a great cost value for the amount of diapers you get but only if you do Amazon Mom Subscribe and Save . My complaint is with their computer system , I went through the whole thing , clicked the button for Subscribe and Save and even checked out with the low cost . But when it came up on my Credit Card Statement it showed it had n't gone through and I ended up paying more . I called their customer service and they did nothing about it and could not even refund me the little bit of money . They said to me that they showed no where did I do the Subscribe and Save discount but for some weird reason told me there was another type of discount on there that I did not know about and said I got that instead but it still cost more than what I was expecting with Amazon Mom Subscribe and Save . So basically make sure you click all the right buttons online and check right away to make sure you get the Amazon Mom discount and try to get your money refunded right away online because their is no way you 'll get it through their crappy customer service that you have to even give them your phone number so that they 'll call you through their rediculous SECRET CUSTOMER SERVICE PHONE NUMBER .
 I order this item almost every month my daughter has been in size 3 's for about 5 months or so . You can not beat the price on this site its pretty amazing . However , I have noticed that with each order it takes longer and longer for them to arrive . Its pretty annoying that they cant seem to get them here any faster and so dont wait to order them if you are going to need them within the next 2 weeks order them cause chances are they will take that long to get there . Pretty sad but with the price I guess they have to mess you up somewhere . I was disappointed because I went off the last time I ordered and the amount of time they took and this time it took 3 days longer . So I had to run to the store and pay full price : -LRB- All in all great product Pampers always are but be careful ordering from here when your in a rush !
 I was loyal to Pampers until Costco had a deal on Huggies and i decided to give Huggies a shot . I was not disappointed , but , the biggest difference between the two brands is that Pampers are MUCH SOFTER than Huggies . Pampers felt more like fabric while Huggies were very plasticy and felt like an itchy material . HOWEVER , huggies are much more absorbent and dont get as bulky as pampers . But , i put comfort over size of the diaper and I love pampers .
 We tried these after going through a box of Huggies with at least one soakthrough leak a week . These are great in terms of fit and absorption . They absorb a lot of liquid with no leaking , and do n't get soggy . I only wish that they were not scented , but that 's a minor complaint given how happy I am with them otherwise .
 We use these diapers when we are out and about and cloth diapering is not an option . They work great and are an awesome value !
 Pampers are thin under babies clothing and never leak ! They are not bulky and do not leave a residue on babies skin . Must have !
 I have been very happy with pampers diapers for all three of my children , and I absolutely love that they come right to my door now . I also appreciate the amount that you get for the price as we have no local stores that sell that many diapers at a time !
 This is the first time I have tried Pampers and I was a little hesitant but I must say I am very impressed ! I have never had any problems with leakage and they seem to conform to my baby and her movements . I love the stretchy waist band , it makes diaper changing much easier ! I will definitely use Pampers again !
 Pampers really are the best diapers out there . I have tried several brands and especially having had three boys I know that you need to have concentrated absorbency , and these do !
 These did n't hold all of my son 's urine overnight , and I even changed him once in the middle of the night . They are also much tighter than the cruisers and feel like paper . Does n't seem too comfortable for an infant !
 Seventh Generation wipes never cause allergic reactions in my children 's sensative skin . The price is excellent and the delivery time was spot on ! I will certainly continue my subscription for this product .
 I used other product for a while . When baby use the diaper something come out ... After change this clean and soft
 These are fine wipes , nice thickness and scent . But it is seriously irritating that you ca n't ever pull out just 1 with one hand . I guess they overlap too much . It reminds me of the magic trick with endless scarves tied together that just keep coming out of the top hat . We 're constantly shoving them back in the dispenser . This wo n't keep me from buying again , but it is one of those quietly irritating things you deal with every day .
 We love baby dry diapers with flex the best of all diapers . When ordered through amazon they are received within one day . It 's so easy and a no worry purchase .
 what can i said , i just love them , They got flexy wings almost like Cruisers . the price is good you pay no tax buying online , and you get it in two day right iny your door . yes , i mean two days .
 The Baby Dry with Flex is the best diaper we have used to date . The FLEX makes it very comfortable for our active son !
 For the price , this is a wonderful diaper from Pampers . They do not compare to the Swaddlers version from Pampers . I use Swaddlers during the night and Baby Dry during the day . It is perfect for my baby .
 Significant savings buying these in bulk . Pampers fit our little one better than the other brands , but your results may vary . Regardless of brand , always try to buy in bulk .
 I had good luck with these diapers , but found the Swaddlers fit better . These Baby Dry do n't have the stretchy tabs , so they are harder to get a good fit . I know the size 3 has the stretchy tabs , but I guess the smaller sizes do n't . These diapers never leaked ! I always have great luck with Pampers products . Would definitely recommend .
 My son is skinny but lanky and this is about the only diaper that doesnt leak especially at night .
 I absolutely love these diapers ! These are supposed to be of lower quality than the Cruisers , but I preferred these and they are cheaper ! I used Huggies on my son when he was a newborn , but once he grew into the Size 2 , I switched to Baby Dry . His body must have changed because the Huggies no longer fit him the same way . Other than a few accidents at night -LRB- now using the overnight baby dry-not one accident since -RRB- , we have been very happy with these diapers . And , you ca n't beat the Amazon price on these .
 I 've been buying this kinds for the past few months because it 's a good unit price for quality Pampers diapers and they are shipped right to my door .
 These diapers have been great . They keep my baby dry with no leaks which is most important to me . The fit her body very well . I am also very happy with the price I got on these diapers because I did a lot of research on different websites and stores and Amazon had the best deal for the amount of diapers I got so I was very pleased .
 Love the pampers . Great price , and super abosrbent ! Just need to work on potty training now !
 I CHECKED AROUND ON PRICES FOR PAMPERS AND THIS WAS BY FAR THE BEST DEAL . FAST DELIVERY TOO !
 I 'm so happy Amazon finally offers subscribe and save to Pampers . Now I can get the best diapers at the best price , and it 's so convenient !
 No leaks so far . also great at night time my 4 month old son sleeps about 9-10 hours and we 've have ` nt have a leak yet !
 These are the only diapers that do not leave my daughter with a rash . She has very sensitive skin , and these whisk away the moisture very well . They hardly ever leak , and stay put on a very active toddler !
 I really like these diapers and with the subscription price , I think Amazon has the lowest price around .
 After a very bad experience with Pampers `` Dry Max '' , I called the company to complain of the HORRIBLE chemical odor . The representative on the phone told me I am not the only one to complain of this and sent me vouchers for free packs of any type of pampers . I was reluctant to try any others . I purchased Pampers `` baby dry '' and had no chemical odor whatsoever . They smell like baby powder and keep my Son dry all night long . Also , they do n't irritate his skin like the dry max did . Huggies is my # 1 choice but these are very good as well . Just stay away from DRY MAX !!!
 I simply love Pampers Baby Dry Diapers , Pampers has been my preferred brand of diapers ever since my daughter was born , she seemed to have a sensitivity to other brands of diapers and Pampers was available to me and I 've been a loyal customer ever since!They do n't bulk up , they are comfortable enough for my daughter to walk , run , sit , and stand in . They do hold pretty well , even for long periods of time -LRB- example overnight -RRB- .
 I would n't pay this price for diapers if they were n't really that good . Both of my kids leaked out of any diaper -LRB- I am sure I 've tried every brand -RRB- other than Pampers . My kids are pretty long and skinny . I was a nanny for many years and I liked Pampers for thinner-average babies and Huggies for average - bigger babies . I would love to save money on cheaper diapers , but I just end up changing a lot of sheets and pj 's in the middle of the night . So for me , Pampers are worth it ! They fit well and really hold a ton ! We travel a lot , so it 's nice to not have to worry about stopping to change a diaper . I also like the baby dry feature . My kids have never gotten a rash while using Pampers .
 I have used Huggies , Costco Brand and Pampers . For girls I think the Pampers have worked the best . The Huggies unfortunately always leaked , Costco brand did not leak however are much coarser than the pampers and more expensive -LRB- by signing up for amazon monthly delivery per diaper pampers have worked out to be cheaper -RRB- . I have heard that Huggies are good for boys , but do have the issue of leakage for girls . The pampers have leaked on a few occasions when my daughter has done number 2 during the night .
 I love Pampers Baby Dry . I have only bought Pampers for my son and he is 14 mos now . Im not gon na lie we 've had our fair share of blowouts but I have found that Pampers holds it in the best , as long as the diaper is n't already saturated . If you find that you are having a lot of blowouts with an older baby then you might want to get the next size up . If its a younger baby I would try using the Pampers Swaddlers , I feel it just absorbs it better , especially with Breastfeed number 2 's . One last thing , if you do n't have a subscription for diapers then get it ! I did n't know about it until about a month ago and I wish I would have ! Its cheaper and the diapers come straight to your door ! And if you need diapers sooner or even have plenty , you can always change the frequency of the delivery ! Good Luck !
 I have tried every brand of diapers under the sun since I had my daughter in January . I loved Huggies brand when I had my son , but they never held anything in with my new baby . The pampers are flexible and seem to be the most comfortable . I have bought name brand to store brand in hopes of finding something that would hold up and fit nicely . I found that Pampers are the best for my babe ! Great price too for so many diapers ! Like $ 22 for 276 size 1 with the subscribe and save and the 10 % coupon from Parent 's Magazine ! Amazing !
 Pampers are gud for kids in terms of comfortness , absolutely no rashes or hitching for kids.Gud product to choose
 to be honest , i have n't had any problems with leakage from these diapers . they work well , and my son is comfortable in them .
 I bought these because they were a great price . We had always used the swaddlers before . These actually hold better than the swaddlers . I do n't think we have had one leak with these . I have a boy so you know the front is where all pee collects . Once he started rolling over and sleeping on his stomach they do n't hold up . I actually switched to cloth for the night time .
 I have tryed every diaper that is out there and by far these are the best diapers for the price .
 After trying several brands only pampers are working for my baby since he has very sensitive skin.I wish they were cheaper but they are definitely the best !
 The diapers are exactly what you find in the store ! And they always arrive on time !
 After ` road testing ' several brands of diapers NOTHING can beat the baby-dry diaper for keeping the wet away from my son and being leakproof ! I have tried cruisers but they leave a purple residue on my son 's skin and did not ` lock away ' the wetness from the skin . My son -LRB- now 2 -RRB- has never had a diaper rash and I think that is testimony to the baby-dry quality . I also love the pampers wipes as they are more moist than other brands I have tried such as Huggies . I would not use another brand again .
 Nothing can compare to the quality , and dependability of Pampers Diapers . I have had 4 children and have always used Pampers Diapers , and Cruisers . Besides , the value for the price is beyond expectations . Even if I had to pay a little more I would still use Pampers only .
 I love to shop in bunches , and this product fits both my toddlers really well . When i put a different brand on my oldest she complain about discomfort , but with this brand I get no complaints ... Thank you pampers !!!
 Pampers makes the best diaper . It 's absorbant , breathable , easy on the sensitive skin of a baby . My son has used pampers exclusively based on the experience I had with my daughter where we tried different brands . And he never had any diaper rash . the baby dry is on the thin side compare to cruiser , but still can do overnight job quite well . Highly recommended !
 We love these diapers . They keep our little munchkin very dry . At seven months , he 's never had a diaper rash . He 's been sleeping through the night since two months and ends up with some VERY wet diapers by morning . So to never have had a diaper rash , I am super impressed . As for `` blow-outs , '' I ca n't comment . Our poor little guy tends to be constipated ... But as my sister would tell you , there may not be a diaper out there that can handle some babies ' blow-outs . My only advice to parents that think these are too leaky is to try another size before switching . My son is so tall that he 'll have to go up a size before the weight guidlines indicate they 'll fit . We know it 's time to go up a size when he does have lots of leaks .
 I have been using diapers for my lil one for ten months now and I love pampers the most . One huge factor was the over night diaper was not leacking and another the gel that forms once the diaper is wet does not come out . When I used huggies the diaper felt very very wet and the gel was all over her bottom once she would wake up .
 I love these diapers . they did n't leak for us like the other brands and if you buy them on amazon , the price is really cheap . buy on subscribe and save and its an awesome deal . Theirs nothing like a diapers that leaks through every single time , so these were dependable and I love them . I 'm not gon na say their were never blow outs , but they were a lot less frequent . They were the best compared to other brands .
 When our baby was born , we tried a wide variety of diapers . Since I received almost every brand at my baby-shower , we got to experiment!But we went back to Pampers after trying them all . We have a lanky baby and I have heard that makes a difference.Even after a long , wet night , the baby still smells like a baby and not like pee-diaper . And she does n't leak 98 % of the time between changings . The tabs are super stretchy and makes sure she fits in the diapers properly.My biggest suggestion is if your baby is between sizes , go up to the next size!I also love that I can buy them in such a big package and save money ! Yey !!!
 We have tried a variety of different diapers on our newborn , and these are our favorite . Our baby has never had any issues with leaking or blow outs with these diapers , and they hold so much that we do n't have to worry if he sleeps through the night . We definitely prefer these over the Huggies diapers , and I believe we even like them more than the Pampers Swaddlers .
 they work great . no need to buy the most expensive types these work the best . they are thinner than the other pampers which make them more comfortable while still doing the job .
 I bought a box of Costco diapers to try them out and after 3 blowouts in 3 days I knew I had to go back to pampers ! These are amazing for my little girl and we have n't had a blowout yet . However , I only gave them 4 stars because recently when my little one goes to bed she 's been rolling over and after a long night on her tummy she 's been waking up soaked up the front . I think these diapers could contain it if I ordered a size up ; in the meantime I 'm using a slightly larger sized Pampers that a friend gave me and we have n't had a problem yet . I love Pampers ! And if you use the subscribe and save you really can save a lot of money . And they ship to my house quickly !
 Great product and even better price . If you compare to Costco , Target , etc. you will not find a deal better than this .
 This is an excellent diaper . It works as advertised and stand work over 10 hours overnight . It handles a large load as well . They have never leaked . My babe has not had any kind of negative reaction to the diaper . The only reason I give this diaper 5 stars is because it is such a good buy . Other brands do have a powder sent which I would not prefer if money were no object , however it 's not too strong and is worth it to save that amount of money per box .
 Pampers have come to be my favorite , they pull it away from skin well , and hold a lot . I love subscribe and save , great value and I never have to run out to get diapers .
 My kids are growing up with Pamper . This is a good price with great quality . We have a small problem in one or two boxes that the diapers have defects -LRB- flaps are missing , velcro missing , etc. -RRB- but after 4 kids , we come to trust this brand . And the price from Amazon subscription is great too .
 Super-duper fast shipping . . delivered in less than a day , when it actually showed estimated shipping 7 days later . . Product feedback is also good , have been using these diapers for last couple of months and are good , after having used Swaddlers for first 3 months !!
 good purchase on bulk , and great diapers that last a while . It took just 1 day for the order to arrive . Saved me a trip to babies r us
 We 've used pampers for our son and our daughter . For the most part , we have n't had many issues with leaking or fit , until recently . Our son has had a few blow outs but it may be time to move to 4s .
 This diaper is very economical and does what it needs to do . It does n't have the wetness indicator but you can feel or smell for yourself if the diaper is wet . Because of its thinness , you can also see clearly when your baby poops . I prefer the diapers with the wetness indicator . This one does what it needs to do ; there 's nothing fancy about it . If your baby has a sensitive bottom , though , I would recommend using another type of diaper . There 's a reason this one is cheaper than the others .
 I LOVE pampers Dry ! Best diapers EVER -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- never have any leaks or accidents !! And ordering from Amazon was the BEST thing I have done !! I always recieve my diapers in a timely manner and I never have to worry about running out or running low . Thanks again Amazon for your great deliver service !
 My son has been wearing these diapers since we transitioned from Pampers Swaddlers around 9 months . The swaddlers were wonderful for when he was a newborn , but these definitely hold up better for an older baby . They are so super absorbent - we 've never had a leak day or night.We transitioned him to size 4 Baby Dry diapers at night only starting around 9 months when he started to soak through his size 3 Swaddlers - often the front of his pjs would be damp after he had slept on his front in the night . I think because these have plastic coating on the outside , they do n't soak through like the Swaddlers did -LRB- they were more cotton-like on the outside -RRB- . I initially questioned whether to get the Pampers Cruisers for size 4 or the Baby Dry , but so far , I 've had no complaints on these diapers after using them for 4 months !
 These are the only diapers I have bought my son for over a year . They are very absorbent . I love getting these shipped straight to my door every month .
 Pros
 Seriously , these things are like the roach motel of diapers . Pee checks in , but it does n't check out ! I dropped one in a swimming pool once and this diaper absorbed so much water they had to refill the pool ! -LRB- Slight exageration . Results may vary . -RRB- They not only hold a ton of ... baby stuff , but they pull the moisture away from my daughter 's skin very well . I can pull a wet diaper off of her that 's VERY full -LRB- and I 'm talking so full it 's heavy -RRB- and her skin is practically dry under it.We were considering stopping giving the kid fluids to drink to avoid the overflowing diapers , but when weighed against the effects of dehydration , these diapers seemed like a much better option . They just do n't leak!Oh of course I 've dealt with the occasional up the back explosions . But do we really want a diapier to completely prevent that ? I mean do n't we want out parenting abilities tested in brown crucible ? I mean how else would we really know how good we are as parents !? For advance training I prep the changing station by only leaving 1 moist wipe available . -LRB- If your sarcasm detector is n't going wild right now I suggest you look into a replacement . -RRB-
 These diapers are ok , the only drawback is when just a little urine is in them they sag so bad . So I switched to pamper 's cruiser 's .
 I have used these for 11months now . they fit great and have great protection for little ones on the go !
 I was using Huggies Little Movers for awhile until they were out of stock of my daughters size so I decided to use Baby Dry . I 've used them before and I do n't remember them being this cheaply made and flimsy . Honestly , if I had my eyes closed and touched them , I would have mistaken them for Luvs . Not that there is anything wrong with Luvs because the price is so cheap , but I expect the quality to be better for Baby Dry diapers .
 I love Pampers for my babies . They are the only brand that have worked for me , HUggies and Luvs would always leak and really frustrated me . But I have n't had that issues with Pampers . Love the Swaddlers , but the Baby Dry really are the best price/deal .
 I ordered the same size 2 months ago . It was good . Now , this is my 2nd time order . Good product . As expected !
 This is a great product for the price . I recommend all parents to sign up for the subscription service . I 've saved a lot of money . I 've searched other website stores and they do n't come close to the best offers found on Amazon.com .
 We love Pampers ! Occasionally there will be a leak but that 's after she has slept all night and the diaper just has maxed out capacity . There have been no incidents during the day and she 's a very active toddler .
 As good as expected !! The only con is that it is supposed to fit babies from 17 to 25 pounds but my baby is only 18 pounds and it 's already snug . Need to change to next size , other than that very good .
 The majority of diapers that we have used for the first 10 + months of our baby 's life have been Huggies . We love these diapers . They are especially great for holding large volumes of liquid at night . The baby has been crawling for 3-4 months now and we have had no issues of leakage . As a precaution , we always change the diaper before bed time , and do not allow the baby to crawl around with that diaper .
 Pampers Baby-Dry Diapers , Size 4 -LRB- 22-37 Lbs -RRB- Economy Plus Pack -LRB- 176 Diapers -RRB- I ordered these diapers on a ` subscribe & save basis ' for my daughter as a Baby Shower gift -LRB- along with the wipes -RRB- as long as she needs them . With everything she & her husband have to take care of with small children , this takes away 2 huge chores and expenses for them . They are delivered monthly and dropped at her door and she never has to even think about it . I get free shipping and a 15 % discount so the monthy savings are fantastic . All I have to do is upgrade the size when needed . She only used Pampers for her 1st baby , having tried all the other brands , she chose Pampers as the BEST !
 My daughter is very petite and it is hard to find diapers and clothes that fit her little bottom securely . Pampers are great for those children who do n't have any `` junk in the trunk . ''
 We were loyal Swaddlers users and switched over to Cruisers when my daughter grew out of the 2-3 size . Cruisers gave her terrible diaper rash so we had to switch diapers . After trying Huggies Supreme -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- , we ended up with Pampers Baby Dry size 3 and LOVE them.My mother-in-law had bought us a pack of Baby Dry in Size 1 , when my daughter was very little and we REALLY DID NOT LIKE THEM . They were very tough . Not soft and cottony like the Swaddlers . Based on that I never would have tried them again.The Size 3 , however , is almost identical to Cruisers except they are green instead of purple . They have the same soft feel and cottony texture . The tabs are also very similar -LRB- if not identical other than color -RRB- . They must have a slightly different fit becuase immediately upon using these my daughter 's diaper rash cleared up and has been gone ever since.Love them . Great value . Great product .
 I have literally tried every diaper for my son there is out there ... these seem to stuck with him the longest ... The only problem I am having now is that he moves around so much that the diaper comes undone sometimes if he 's not wearing pants . . . even tried a bgger size and it still does it . . I guess my child is just way over active ...
 Well , they work for us . The price under the Subscribe and Save makes it cheaper to have them delivered from Amazon than to buy them at my local Walmart .
 I love Pamper 's diaper product , we especially love the baby dry style . Economical and we do n't have problems like we do with other brands . Just last week , we tried , `` the other '' name brand and my son leaked ... yeah , might be the timing but I was not impressed seeing how my son has stayed dry in the Pampers ones for most of his life - except for those few times when no diaper could have contained anything ... Wish it were a part of the subscribe and save program here on Amazon ... actually I thought it was and that is why we got them on here - but it is a better deal to get them from Walmart if they are not in that program ... love the product , I am totally thankful too to the one diaper company who actually gives out points , they might be small but they do add up . and why buy a diaper that holds less so you have to use more , it all ends up costing the same thing anyway .
 i love these diapers , also they are at a great price . they leak at night sometimes if the baby pees tons of times , which is very normal .
 These diapers are a great option for overnight diapering specially if you are starting to ween your baby from the midnight feeding .
 I love these diapers !! They keep my baby dry , and do n't leave cotton pieces all over her like some other diapers do . Amazon has a great price and I always get them within 2 business days .
 These are great diapers and buying in bulk saves $ $ $ ! Amazon ships quickly too !
 does not leak , lasts for a long time and prevents smell . this pack is the best value i have found . Love it !!
 My son leaks out of every brand but these Pampers . My son sleeps 8-10 hours a night and has yet to leak through these diapers . He 's also a pretty active little guy in the day and these diapers can take some pretty heavy rolling and scooting around the house . I do n't even bother with other brands , waste of money and too many bedding changes in the middle of the night .
 I have tried Pampers Swaddlers , Huggies Little Snugglers , Rite Aid Brand , Walgreens Brand , Kroger Brand ... pretty much if it exists I have tried it.Everything has leaked overnight EXCEPT the Baby Dry diapers . For daytime , I will use any brand . At night , baby sleeps about 12 hours at once and these never leak -LRB- unless Daddy puts them on wrong -RRB- . Every baby is different , but I would recommend trying these . If money is a concern , use the generics for the daytime .
 Great diapers at a great cost ! I love the automatic delivery to my home . It saves even more money and time . A great product and service !
 When it comes to diapers , there is really only one major criteria that it has to have in our household
 Pampers are the only diapers I have found that my 17 month old wo n't leak through . All other diapers I have tried , he has leaked through .
 A better quality of life is the best I can say . Much better than the cloth diapers or some of the cheap brands that I used a few years ago . Pampers is a great product and could n't believe how much I would save for something I need to get anyway . The only drawback is that my 2nd shipment was returned by the carried without any explanation . I never received it and had to re order it again ! I went ahead with the `` subscribe and save '' for this item , the savings are great !
 I 've been ordering this pampers size 4 now for about a year . Subscribe and save.Very Good Deal , Item exactly as expected !
 This is perfect for the twins I have we go thought the smaller amounts very quick but I buy a couple big boxes and I 'm covered for a while
 I prefer cruisers to baby dry , but amazon is a no brainier for moms using disposable diapers !! We get size 4 for my 18 mo old and they autoship every two months , which means free shipping . I mean duh !! ; -RRB-
 Love these diapers ! They are a great thin diaper that is highly absorbant . Love that they do not look bulky under my daughter 's leggings unlike some other diapers . This diaper fit and protected both my daughter and son very well . Highly recommend . Best diaper for the price .
 simply love the pampers more than any other brand . The diaper is very soft , that baby feels so good .
 As a mommy of three and a mommy blogger at mommymiracle.com , I have plenty of experience with all sort of baby products . I give these diapers a thumbs up in handling all sorts of baby goo !
 Last threw the night . Size accurate . Use them on my twins . They never cause diaper rashes because they keep the moisture away . Only con is I will occasionally start using another brand because they work out cheaper if I get it from the wholesale store with the newspaper coupon and the wholesale coupon . I feel these could be a few bucks cheaper However I really ca n't complain because between teh amazon mom and the subscribe and save they work out cheaper than any other store . Also who can complain about door to door dlivery !!
 You definitely get a a ton of diapers with this purchase and the price is pretty good when other retailers are n't having diaper sales . The diapers keeps my baby dry especially over night .
 I really liked the swaddlers diapers . But when we had to transition to larger sizes , we went with these . We have used them from size 3 to our current size 5 . They have done the job . We are very happy with them , they do well with both # 1 and # 2 . Love that Amazon has coupons on them from time to time , and that the large pack is much cheaper per unit than the smaller packs . We will continue to use them until he no longer needs them . My son loves the Sesame Street Characters . Makes changing time a bit easier on me .
 I mostly use cloth diapers during the day , but for overnight and going out , I go with disposables . We 're on our 3rd baby now , and over the years Pampers has been the ONLY disposable diaper that we can rely on ! Have tried cheaper brands sometimes - they 're cheaper for a reason ! Pampers has consistently given us a diaper that we can count on not leaking . Store brands , Luvs , Huggies have all failed us multiple times , just leak really bad or tear easily . I am rarely brand-loyal , but Pampers is now the only brand of disposable I 'll buy . Pampers is a good quality disposable for the times that you need it -LRB- I still recommend using mostly cloth and more natural products though ! -RRB-
 This dipers are really good . . They are good for the night too , as good as the diapers that are made specialy for the night . .
 We 've been very happy with our purchase . Not only were these diapers a great value compared to what it would have cost to purchase them at a local retailer , but they 've also worked very well for our daughter . We 've gone through about half of them , and only 1-2 have actually leaked . They do a great job containing messes , and seem to be very comfortable . We used Huggies for our older son , and at this point , these are holding up just as well -LRB- for less -RRB- !
 Have n't had any concerns with this diaper ... just wish it had the color strip that indicates if the diaper is wet with a quick glance !
 I have never had a problem with pampers these were a great buy with the parents magazine coupon code and they shipped right to my door for free ca n't beat that !
 Even though the skin stays dry , these diapers saturate pretty quickly and leak if not changed soon after the baby wets them . I have a few Swaddlers size 2 left and save them for the night , when baby usually has two bottles and use these Baby-Dry during the day only , when I can change him after he wets himself once . Also , the sizes seem to be smaller
 I have been using pampers swaddlers for my baby before she grew out of size2-3 , and I decided to give `` baby-dry '' a try . It works out great . I do n't see any difference and there has been no leakage as some other reviewers mentioned . Over all , we are satisfied with the product .
 I love these diapers . They work well with my daughter . No leaks here ! But I used to buy them on the Subscribe and Save program , and that 's no longer available . Now the price at Amazon is just as high as anywhere else . I am upset that it 's not a good deal anymore .
 Great diapers ! I 'm very happy with them ! They fit well and do leak at times -LRB- as all diapers do -RRB- , but are overall a very high quality diaper . They have soft tabs that do n't cut into baby 's skin .
 Pampers is awesome , my baby girl has never had a rash since day 1 and she is almost 7 months now . This baby-dry theme is also very true because it holds a lot with out giving her any redness . Also , since its now flexible on the legs , its even much better for my baby girl to move around with it . In addition , I do highly recommend to subscribe to the amazon subscribe and save program . I do n't have to worry about carrying a big box of pampers at the store , especially all the room it took on my grocey cart !! and at the same time watching my daughter . Now I get it delivered to my door , monthly , with free shipping and at a great price , . . WHAT MORE CAN I ASK FOR ?? I highly recommend this service and PAMPERS ... its the best !
 I have tried Huggies , Luvs , White Cloud , and Seventh Generation , and the Pampers Baby Dry worked best at preventing leaks for my baby boy . For overnight , I do recommend Huggies Overnites Size 4 -- now he sleeps through the night !
 I ordered size 4 and 5 yesterday -LRB- 12/19/2006 -RRB- and received them today -LRB- 12/20/2006 -RRB- !!! Since I chose Free Saver Shipping , the original shipping status said it may be deliverd `` AFTER 25th of Dec. '' I have two-year-old twins and have ordered all the diapers from Amazon since they were born . This is the quickest delivery of all . Thanks , Amazon !
 My sister had me switch from size 3 to 4 when our son was n't even 20 lbs . They fit perfectly and have always kept him dry . Baby Dry 's in size 4 do have flex/stretch , which is good . They do run smaller than Cruisers -LRB- you usually get about 25 % more diapers than Cruisers for the same price -RRB- and they 're a good transition from the too small size 3 's into a size 4 .
 I ordered this new improved Baby Dry pampers and have to say
 I am a stay at home Mom with 4 children . I have been buying diapers for the past almost 11 years and Pampers Baby Dry is hands down the best diaper on the market , and believe me I have tried them all ! All of my kids have been `` super soakers '' when it comes to pee . These diapers way out perform any other brand including major brands and department store brands . The major selling points for me are :1 . They are thin , easy to pack 5 in a diaper bag .2 . Easy to unfold with one hand -LRB- if you , like me frequently have to use the other hand to keep baby still -RRB- 3 . tabs are easily opened without extra unfolding and do n't rip off like several other brands .4 . Does n't leave residue on baby or smell like pee when really soaked .5 . wider in the front to prevent baby from peeing out the side -LRB- and my kids are experts at this -RRB- One thing that may be helpful is to remember that Pampers fit better on children that are long and skinny . If your baby is short and really chubby in the bottom , then Huggies will fit your baby better . This , I believe , explains the few complaints about Pampers not fitting or leaking.Hope this review was helpful !
 It must depend on your child because I tried the cruisers after always using baby dry on my son and they failed us several times . I went right back to baby dry and no more leaks . I have also tried other brands and I loved Huggies for my daughter but they do n't work for my son . Funny how each is different . I am a mother of 4 and Luvs worked for my other son . You just go with what works for your child . I also have noticed that they work differently for different ages as well . Good idea to try a few out before you buy the jumbo packs .
 These diapers work great . We rarely have any leaks except the first time we used the diaper overnight . At nighttime , make sure to fasten the tapes as high as possible across the front of the diaper . There is a lot of absorbent material in the front of the diaper . If you fasten the tapes to low , the top of the diaper tends to roll over exposing some of the absorbent material and your baby 's clothes will get wet if they pee a lot at night . This is not an issue for us during the day because we change the diapers often enough that it does not get as saturated .
 When our first child was born we tried every diaper at the store . We could n't get a diaper to last him through the night without leaking . Pampers was the only diaper that would not leak through night . I prefer the green box to the purple box -LRB- cruisers -RRB- because the purple box diapers leave some gel looking residue on the baby 's skin . We are now onto our second child and he just turned two . We still swear by Pampers diapers . I agree that their wipes are n't as good as Huggies .
 I bought Baby Dry size 1 and 2 and Swaddlers 1-2 combination . Baby Dry hardly leaks for us.Swaddlers leaks every time . Maybe it is because I have a boy and he pees often and a lot . Baby Dry works better for us than Swaddlers .
 I ca n't review these diapers the way an experienced momma can . Nor can I tell you how much better they are than the `` leading brand '' . When I hear that phrase in a commercial , I always ask , `` If Your Brand is so much better than the ` leading brand , ' then should n't Your Brand be the ` leading brand ? ' `` But I digress.I 'll promote Pampers Baby Dry for this one simple reason . Several days ago , I was playing with my 14-month-old daughter in the living room . It was `` Hop-On-Pop '' kind of playing . We laughed and had a lot of fun . Then mom took the baby for her bath . She then shouted to me , `` Did you not smell her ? '' `` Nope , never smelled a thing . '' `` Well , she has diarrhea . '' And I did what any squeamish dad would have done . I checked myself over to make sure no ... uh , well , poop had leaked out on me.I understand that every baby is different , and every mom and dad are different . So , take my humorous little anecdote with a grain of salt . But this baby was crawling and falling and hopping all over Pop . And my ultra-sensitive nasal passages never smelled a thing and everything stayed ... in it 's proper place .
 Pampers has been an important part in taking care of all three of my babies . 9 years later it is STILL the diaper of choice for us . This item arrived as promised and is currently in use LOL !
 One thing I can state about diapers as a mother of 2 and a grandmother of 1 is that you can NEVER go by the poundage shown for the diaper fit . My experience has been that the children go into the size well BEFORE they are in the poundage recommended . I have also found that it really depends on the build of the child as to which brand works best for them . We have tried the major brands on our granddaughter and found that PAMPERS works best for her and we have no leakage problems.Pampers Baby Dry Diapers , Size 6 , 128-Count
 I travel a lot so I thought these would save me time instead of stopping for bathroom breaks . To my surprise they did n't fit . I ended up using them on my baby . They fit much better on him . They catch all of his pee and poo very well . Overall a good product and good price . Side note I kept a couple in the glove box to use as napkins and to clean up spills .
 These diapers work really well for us , and my son has had no reaction to Dry Max , and he has pretty sensitive skin . You ca n't beat this price !
 My kid is enjoying , Daiper takes lot more time than other ones and still will be fresh and dry
 I use these diapers for my baby , and they work really well for us . They fit her better than the other brands that we have tried , and we have had only a little bit of trouble with leaking , but that has been almost only at night , and with very soggy diapers . They are very soft and absorbent , and I think that it is easier to tell whether the diaper is dirty with Pampers than with other brands , such as Huggies . My daughter and I are both happy with these diapers and will not be switching any time soon .
 I used pampers swaddlers for my newborn and loved it . Later , I switched to pampers dry max size 2 which seemed to work fine for my baby . However , I am not a big fan of pampers baby dry size 3 for my 4.5 month old baby . The runny poop leaks from the back sometimes although the diaper has been able to sustain pee wetness overnight . Sadly , I will be trying other brands for the next size .
 I love pampers but I continue to buy the baby dry instead of drymax due to chemical burn concerns !
 Honestly the easiest way to find a great diaper for your son/daughter is through trial and error . There are certain sizes of the Pampers brand that I was not a fan of , however through trial and error sizes 4 + have worked out well for us . The couple of times that he has leaked through the diaper has been in the middle of the night , otherwise they have been a great diaper for an active 2 1/2 year old who pees a lot . Plus , it 's super convenient to have the subscribe and save option through Amazon !!
 PROS
 Wipes smells good . They come out of the dispensor great . They are a little on the thin side . I would buy again .
 I 've had very good luck with these diapers . They are a bit more perfumy than I like , but they seems to not leak as much as the other brands do .
 I love Pampers baby dry . I 've tried other pampers brand diapers and was n't really impressed . The more expensive line -LRB- swaddlers , crusers etc. . -RRB- are thick and soft but its sometimes hard to tell if they are wet unless you let your baby keep peeing before you change them . I also like luvs a lot and they are cheaper but work just as good and leak less than some others . With the amazon subscribe and save I do n't mind paying the extra money for the pampers because it 's still cheaper than the luvs if bought anywhere else .
 Pampers are one of my favorite diapers . Not a lot of leaks and they fit good . The price is really good too if you join amazon mom and subscribe and save : -RRB-
 I have been using pampers swaddlers for my son when he was a newborn . I love it ! He is almost seven months now and we are using pampers baby dry . It works great ! It is reasonably price . I love the convenience of ordering online from Amazon and the free shipping that goes with it .
 If you 're looking for a diaper that covers your child 's bottom and does its job , these are the diapers for you .
 Pampers are the best diapers we have tried , and this is the best price online or in-town ;-RRB- thanks for the free shipping with amazon moms / prime / subscribe & save ; -RRB-
 Pampers are the only diapers I can buy for my two children -LRB- ages 2yrs and 8 months -RRB- . They get rashes from any other brand . Pampers are affordable -LRB- especially with the subscribe & save option -RRB- , and they fit the kids well . They also absorb beautifully , so I do n't have to worry about them waking up soaked . I would definitely recommend them to any new mother !
 The Price is always better and with an additional discount for subscribing to have the diapers delivered every 2 months . It could n't be easier or more convenient . Amazon just made being a mom a little easier . Subscribe and Save with amazon check it out busy parents .
 I have been ordering this for my baby girls . Once tried other brands , but never satisfied until using this one . This is a high quality diaper . Amazon is a great place for shopping diaper since it is free shipping .
 We have used Pampers and Huggies diapers since our daughter was born . While we love Pampers ' Swaddler line of diapers since they are so soft , Baby Dry is a lot more economical . Still a great diaper and if put on correctly , does not leak and can absorb a lot ! And with Amazon 's subscribe and save feature , getting these diapers is super convenient and a great deal .
 Have not had any issue with Pampers , Amazon has a v good price on pampers diapers especially with AmazonMOM along with the subscription program .
 Pampers Baby Dry diapers are fantastic . There are no leaks , and they fit our baby girl great . We also tried Huggies , which were awful . Huggies actually broke down and left polymer beads all over our babys bottom . We were very unhappy with that . So we have gone to exculsively using Pampers Baby dry diapers . No problems at all .
 After my son was born , we got to sample just about every kind of diaper out there because we got so many at his baby shower . I 've tried huggies , luvs , parents choice , etc. . I hurried up and used all those up just to get them out of the house because they were awful in comparison to Pampers . They always leaked , or he had a blow out , or they just would n't hold anything and would have to be changed constantly . Pampers last longer between changes because they absorb better and keep my son dry . They cost more up front , but you end up using fewer of them . Huggies are the only ones any where near as good as Pampers , but they still are n't as good .
 After trying several different brands of diapers since my child 's birth until 6 months , Pampers is our favorite . Now my child is 19 month old , and we are loyal to Pampers .
 I knew this deal from my sister . It 's really a great price . I like it.We 've been using `` Pampers '' since she was born . I 've tried other brands , but she does n't like them as much.we love pampers !!
 It was a great price and very easy to do . It was my first time to purchase on-line .
 We 've been using Pampers since she was born . I 've tried other brands , but do n't like them as much , so we always end back up with Pampers . They go all night without leaking . By size 5 , blowouts are rare , but still usually pretty well contained -LRB- depending on how active she is before it 's discovered -RRB- . They do n't have a heavy scent , are thin , and softer than some other brands .
 These diapers do not leak ! No more wet sheets , Jammie 's , or blankets ! They do n't hold as much pop as luvs but definitely beats luvs when it comes to pee pee diapers
 I am very happy with this purchase . The savings was great . And you ca n't go wrong with pampers . Stores want double if not more for this item and this many diapers . I will be ordering again . Thank you amazon .
 This was such an amazing deal ! Pampers diapers for below off-brand prices . The box , even though from the warehouse , was in excellent condition and there was no indication that it had ever been opened . Could n't be happier .
 These diapers are great ! Keep little one nice and dry . No leaks at all . I will definitely purchase these again .
 I love having the diapers shipped directly to my home ! I dont have to lug my baby and diapers ! A box last two months ! Good deal !
 I could buy Huggies brand diapers at CostCo , but they don ' make as good a diaper as Pampers . Pampers fit better , and keep my baby drier without the absorbing filler coming out . And since Amazon offers the best price I can find anywhere , and it 's super convenient to have them delivered to my doorstep without an additional charge , I love it ! The only thing you have to be aware of is shipping time . You ca n't order on line when you have just a few diapers left . I have found that if I order when we have about a week 's worth of diapers left , they arrive just in time .
 My son has worn these since moving out of the infant diapers and we see no need to change . Amazingly good at stopping leaks and few diaper rashes.Very reasonable price with the subscribe and save / Mom discount on Amazon , normally ~ 30 % off retail . If I had to pay regular store prices I may have been tempted to try a bargain brand but with the discount its worth it going with the name brand quality .
 Not only do i love the pampers brand because it fits perfect on my 1yr old but also it holds all her `` stuff '' lol the amount is amazing i didnt have to buy diapers for over 2 months !!
 I love the large boxes of pampers diapers that come from Amazon ... once a month I can count on my delivery ! If we are getting too many all I have to do is cancel one months order . . Pampers are so comforting and keep my granddaughter dry !
 We love the Pampers Baby Dry diapers for our 6 month old baby boy . They are n't bulky and are super absorbent !
 So far so good ! I havent had many issues with leakage , only the occasional blowout . I think that is partially my baby though . They stretch well , seem comfortable and Im sure will fit him for quite a while .
 My granddaughter is 10 months old and has been wearing these since birth . They are the best . They absorb the best over other diapers .
 I am very picky when it comes to diapers and I love these diapers ! No blow-outs and they were cheaper than buying generic Target Brand diapers ! Although I do prefer the Pampers Swaddlers over most diapers , these Baby-Dry held up as well for being much cheaper . Very easy to order off amazon.com , came quickly and free shipping , and inexpensive diapers ! Excellent Deal !
 We lOVE Pampers baby dry . That being said , different diapers brands seem to be modeled on different size baby buts . Our baby runs on the small size . Huggies leaked like a sieve and cruisers did n't fit tight enough . He did n't have enough but to fill it out . Baby Dry fit him great . If your child is on the smaller range get these .
 I am very Happy with the quality of Pampers , I used Pampers for all my babies and never had a second thought about any other brand.My Babies simply Love them !
 I already have good luck with Pampers So far , no complaints . People who are disappointed that there is no blue line , I thought it would make them like those I used to . Then I figured out the blue line only instead of Pampers Swaddlers Pampers diapers in the dry . I have started to buy diapers through Amazon only , because if you use Amazon subscribe and save discount they are cheaper than you can get even at a substantial discount in membership stores .
 Great diapers and you get more for your money ! Never had a leak during the day or overnight . Also VERY minimal blowouts .
 Rarely leaks ! Recommend to friends and family . I only buy Pampers if I can help it . Great product for the price .
 We have 4 boys and all of them have used Pampers as they are the only ones that we have found that do not leak for them . The price is wonderful on here as well using Amazon Mom and Subscribe and Save .
 I have always liked Pampers diapers for my daughter . We are getting to the end of needing diapers so this box will last us a while . I have always felt I have gotten a good price on Amazon for these diapers
 These diapers worked very well for my daughter , but I wish I would have bought the next size up because she is chubby and they are not that wide if your baby is closer to the maximum weight , but overall they work great .
 I have used Pampers baby dry for my elder daughter till she was two and a half years old and had no issues with it . the diaper holds up good even during the night . I have a second child now and i continue to use it without any problem .
 My 18 months old daughter is prone to diaper rashes . Anything that 's a little hard rubs against her sensitive skin and she gets rashes which look like pimples and red , in a few seconds . I tried all the brands - huggies baby dry , luvs , rite-aid brand , Walgreens brand but only pampers dry max worked for her . It absorbs a lot n she is always dry , unless left overnight -LRB- more than 8 hrs -RRB- . Huggies little movers are also good , but none can beat pampers and as for the price with amazon subscribe and save , pampers is cheaper and delivery is fast . I highly recommend this product for babies with sensitive skin .
 Not much else to say ... Keep my princess dry through the night -LRB- even though I 'll change her if I get up in the middle of the night -RRB- . No picking or pulling in discomfort that I notice from her and she 's pretty comfortable dancing to Gangnam Style in them !
 I like these diapers , they 're easy to put on a squirming baby . I like that the swaddlers have a wet indicator , but those are n't available for Amazon Prime , so I went with these . No real complaints , I can usually tell when my baby needs a change without a wet indicator .
 It 's shipped quickly . . it 's just perfect . . it 's exactly what it is . . love it . . and i made 5 order so far
 Same Pampers quality in a larger count than at your average store . With subscribe and save you are getting about 20-30 more diapers for less than where I usually shop ! : -RRB-
 These are a great price . Keep my son dry . Could not be happier ! I also highly rec joining the `` Mom 's Club '' and you save a lot of money : -RRB-
 Great diapers and great value ! We LOVE pampers ! They are very soft , stretchy and provide wonderful protection . We have n't had any leak yet !
 I just want to let you know that Pampers with the line for dry or wet is one of the best things I like about the diaper . I also find I do not have to change Lainey as much as I did with other diapers . So we save money . I am her great grandmother and I watch her and pampers are so easy to use .
 I had a code so i got a great price on them plus free shipping !!! Wow , what a great saver : -RRB-
 Pampers hold the most crap -LRB- hahaha -RRB- that your baby can make . Do n't have blow outs with pampers like the other brand names
 Love Pampers . I 've tried Huggies Natural , Kirkland brand , and Huggies regular ; nothing beats Pampers . They fit really well . I have n't had blowouts -LRB- except when she was in the smaller ones and needed to move up a size -RRB- . These hold really well , are soft , and fit well . One area for improvement
 These diapers never fail us . From birth to toddlerhood these Pampers have proven to work great with our squirmy guy . Getting the larger economy box is a great value and I love using S&S so I do n't have to think about running to the store . I know that at some time or another , a diaper will leak or poop ` splosian will occur ... but in 14 months I think we 've had two or three . These are just reliable , day after day !
 Buying Pampers diapers through Amazon has been a huge money saver for us -LRB- especially through the ` Subscribe & Save ' program -RRB- . The price per diaper beats anything we 've seen anywhere else . Join the S&S program and SAVE !
 Our son , who will be 3 in 2 months , has been using Pampers since day 1 in the hospital . They have always been a good fit with no leaks -LRB- yeah ! -RRB- . Buying in bulk from Amazon is easy and less expensive . I just hope my son starts using the potty soon so we can save even more money !
 We 've had good luck with Pampers and the Subscribe and Save program is a great deal . i really like that I can move the deliveries or cancel deliveries at any time .
 They worked and are very comfy around my 5 month old baby girl 's waist . They also hold a lot of mess and smell really good , like baby . Yay diapers !
 Compare to huggies , i like the pampers better ! The first two month , I used huggies coz it has the shape for avoiding belly bottom but when he growing bigger , it started to leak , and it leaks a lot , since I changed the papers baby dry , it never leak again ! Just made for my 3 month old baby .
 I love Pampers . They are my favorite diapers for my kids . I have 3 in diapers right now and when pampers are on sale or I have a coupon , I put all 3 of them in Pampers .
 We use to buy Pampers in Europe , normally made in germany or the UK.Thse Pampers BabyDry size 4 are bigger than the European equivalent and come with a very delicate fragrance.And the price we paid with Subscribe & Save was a great deal !
 After trying every diaper under the sun with my twins -LRB- who are now 6 yrs & unfortunately did n't potty train until 3 & 3.5 yrs old -RRB- , I finally landed on Pampers by the time they were about 4 months old ! We are a single-income family of 6 so pinching pennies was important . The Pampers were at the top of the price range for diapers so I really had hoped to find a more ` value ' diaper that would work as well , but we did n't . It was worth every penny in our budget to keep the kids comfortable & dry . When we discovered we were pregnant with our ` surprise ' bundle of love last year , I never had a doubt that we would ONLY use Pampers this round . We are equally happy with Pampers this time & I frequently recommend Pampers to my friends/family that find themselves expecting new little miracles.I have read many reviews pro/con about Pampers & one thing I have never understood ... some folks complain that the Pampers Baby Dry did n't contain their children 's stools . I nursed our youngest until he was a year old & subsequently he had loose stools during that entire year . I only had 2 or 3 ocassions in which the nasties escaped the diaper & I would assert a strong opinion that no other diaper would have been able to contain those situations either.Best wishes !
 They fit great and are quite soft but do seem to run smaller than the pampers newborn so my baby outgrew these at about 8 lbs .
 Great quality , name brand diapers at a price that ca n't be beat . I love Amazon.com / mom and subscribe and save . Less money out of my pocket and fewer trips to the store - that makes a happy mom !
 Before these my son was in the size 2-3 swaddlers . I had been using the amazon mom subscribe and save and did n't realize I was so low on diapers , so I ended up having to go to the store and buy diapers since a delivery would not be to me in time . I could not find the 2-3 size anywhere -LRB- I looked in 4 stores -RRB- , so I got the smallest pack of 3 's I could find and ended up with the Baby Dry because it said up to 12 hours and my son sleeps about 11 hours at night straight through . They really do stay dry all night !! The only leak we had was once when he had rolled on his side and I think they were on funny . Last night we used an old swaddler diaper and he woke up with his whole back soaked . It is Baby Dry all the way for us from now on ! My son has had no reactions to the diapers and even with a fully wet diaper his bottom is still dry to the touch . I have had no problems with any leaking -LRB- besides the one incident above -RRB- and we pay no special attention to if the top of the diaper is folded over or not - it has n't been an issue for us . I know some reviewers complained that the tabs did n't stretch . I purchased the box of 222 , but when I was looking at a smaller sized box a note popped up at the top of the screen saying `` Newer Verson Available '' and directed me to the box of 222 . These diapers are soft , with stretchy tabs and are secure . I love the subscribe and save option , plus I had a coupon so I ended up getting my diapers for a total of $ 0.10 each with the free 2-day shipping which ended up being a Saturday delivery , in a store these would cost close to $ 0.25 each . Thanks Amazon Mom !!
 I 'm now a mom of twin boys and I have an older daughter . I like other diapers as well but for different reasons . I 've used Pampers , Huggies , Babies R Us brand , Seventh Generation , Luvs , Target Brand , and many more.My daughter has always been a bit larger in the hip size and I recommend both the Pampers Baby dry and Huggies . Now , that she is older and almost potty trained we still use these in size 5 and they fit great and hold everything in . She can even put these diapers on all by herself ! I like the fact that you can get size 5 for $ .14 a piece via Subscribe and Save and using Amazon Mom for free shipping . This is the best deal !
 My little man sleeps 12-14 hours a night , and these are the BEST diapers for leak protection !! If you do the Amazon Mom subscribe & save , it 's an even better deal than cheapo diapers ! With subscribe and save , I get a box of these each month , delivered to my door . So fantastic & worry free . HIGHLY recommend .
 Well , with my firstborn , I did n't really care what kind of diapers the child wore as long as the `` numbers '' stayed where they were supposed to . Did we experience leaks ? All the time . We used off brand diapers . So this time around , we only use Pampers . And I love these . They stretch just the right amount to allow my little girl to move it and shake it however she wants to . Have we experienced leaks ? Very rarely , and that was mostly due to the blow out effect , if you catch my drift . I love these diapers . What else can I say ?
 So many more diapers for less money ! In-store 174 diapers is $ 35 on sale , I got 222 diapers for less than that with free two day shipping . Amazing deal !
 It is so nice to not have to go to the store to get diapers . But it is even better that it is cheaper than any where else too .
 I purchased the Economy Pack of Pampers because it was such a great deal . Diapers are essential for babies and can become a big expense for parents . I was able to send several months of diapers to these first time parents . They have been much appreciated .
 I love these diapers , baby never soaks through them and they seem to be comfortable for him to cruise around in .
 Anything that makes a mother 's life easier is worth considering . I did find the Pampers newborn product to be quite good when she was in that size , but she started blowing out of those around 8lbs -LRB- even though it says it goes to 10lbs -RRB- , and Pampers just changed their snugglers to the new Dry Max which is controversial and some are saying causes chemical burns so i wanted to stay away from dry max . Unfortunately I have hundreds of these things left to use up now , but after that I think I 'm back to being a different product customer . I had always heard great things about Pampers so even after having solid results from Huggies , I keep trying to go back to Pampers thinking they 'll be better . Not so for my 3 month old who has some really big runny poos . Huggies Supremes are the only diapers that manage to -LRB- almost always -RRB- keep it inside . I just bought a huge case of these Baby dry diapers based on the good reviews and BAM - the first 2 big poos already blew out in all directions , up her front and out the sides creating a huge mess . I always check the ruffles and make sure the diaper is on securely since my little girl has a powerful -LRB- but cute -RRB- butt . These do seem to hold a lot of pee , or else it 's just deceiving the way they get really heavy and gel like when exposed to liquid - hard to tell . They just do n't do as well with runny poop , and that 's my biggest peeve since it results in lots of smelly stained laundry .
 always the best for baby , my second one has been 2 years now , I am potty-training her now , hopefully we will say bye to diapers soon .
 Great , soft , secure diapers . My son -LSB- . . -RSB- and I have been using Pampers FLEX for a long time . A few months ago I decided to try a cheaper brand for a change and sure enough , he leaked !!! UGH ! Make sure you buy the FLEX DRY -- they are stretchie , soft and seemingly comfy for baby .
 When you have your first child , many of your conversations center around your child 's bowel movements . Do yourself a favor and buy Pamper 's diapers . Then your conversations will be more like `` Wow ! I ca n't believe the diaper held all this in ! '' and less like `` Wow ! I 'm not going to lay on the carpet over there any more ! '' . Seriously , we started off purchasing Huggies for our first child . Blow outs were routine . We decide to try Pampers and have never looked back . Our fourth child is starting to potty train and I can tell you that Pampers are well worth the extra money . Amazon sells them for a fair price , tax free and free shipping to your door . Even better if you can get in on an Amazon deal -LRB- they sometimes offer thirty dollar store credit if you buy one hundred dollars of diapers -RRB- .
 I used to always get huggies , but I find the pampers are more flexible , softer and have better leak protection . Plus , my daughter likes to pick which sesame street character she 's going to wear with each diaper change !
 We started both our kids out in the Swaddlers Newborn diapers . With my first , my daughter , I think I tried every brand of diaper out there looking for a cheaper alternative . Some leaked , some did n't absorb as quickly and would give her a diaper rash . I always regretted going away from Pampers . After she outgrew the Swaddlers we moved on to the Baby Dry brand and we have n't looked back . I learned my lesson and just started my son in the Swaddlers and then to the Baby Dry . He is in size 5 now and will wear Pampers BD until he potty trains in the next year .
 These seem to be the only diapers that do n't cause my baby worse diaper rash and they are cheaper then the swaddlers or other fancier ones .
 Nice product , could be a little softer and less stiff . -LRB- I love Cruisers -RRB- Holds up overnight and seems comfy . But the price never stays the same ! The price was 39.99 for baby dry size 5 172 count and now it is 35.75 after refreshing the page ? It keeps changing constantly ! From 37 to 39 back down to 35 ! Now if it stays at 35 that would be pretty awesome but I somehow doubt it will and it will probably raise back up before I even have to purchase them.Side note that may help people with leaking problems , make sure the leg ruffles stay on the outside of the diaper and are n't inside or else you will have massive leakage . Not enough absorbancy ? Move up a size ! :-RRB- I can literally use any diaper during the day without leakage as long as I do n't keep the leg ruffles inside the diaper . I also take the leak guards on the inside of the diaper and pull them out a little so that they are n't all scrunched up anymore . -LRB- if that makes sense , haha -RRB- I just choose pampers because I like them the best . : -RRB-
 Good price but no wet indicator . It 's thinner than the new diapers with wet indicator . Would have preferred to have the indicator , but for the price it 's not bad
 I 've tried all the major brands of disposable diapers - Huggies , Luvs , and Pampers - and the Pampers Baby Dry are my favorite for my son . I am willing to pay a few cents more per diaper if it means they are higher quality and work better . With my son , I found that Huggies leaked all the time , and always in the middle of the night , of course . I was tired of changing bedding almost every night , so I tried out Luvs . I was actually pretty pleased with Luvs . There were two things I did n't like about Luvs . First , they have a very strong perfume smell . It 's almost overwhelming . Second , the Luvs diapers are n't very soft . They have a paper-like feel , which probably bothered me more than my son . On the plus side , the Luvs did n't leak like the Huggies . After finishing the case of Luvs , I decided to try Pampers , and I 'll stick with Pampers . I have n't had any leaky diapers or blow-outs . The Pampers Baby Dry diapers are soft and do n't have a perfume smell like the Luvs . If your budget is tight , the Luvs will work fine if you can stand the smell . Otherwise , I recommend Pampers Baby Dry .
 These worked great for my twins ! super easy to manage with a squirmy infant ! We had switched from cloth and tried a few other brands but these worked best .
 These Diapers are great for our active daughter . Very rarely have we had blow outs , which is great because a lot of our friends use Huggies or Reusable diapers and they have blow outs all the time.I would highly recommend !
 I got this because there is a deal . Before I bought this , review said this is a little harder than sensitive one . But that depends . My baby love it ! I will continue to use it .
 After trying a few different brands we settled on Pampers and have n't looked back . The mess they are able to contain is sometimes unbelievable and we 've only had a couple of `` blowouts '' in 16 months which seems like a reasonable success rate considering that 's close to 5000 diapers . With Amazon Mom/Prime and subscribe and save I 've never found a price that comes close to these .
 I have this product on auto ship . I have 2 children , both in the same size diaper and I find that Pampers fits them the best and prevents the most leakage . The only complaint I have about the shipment I received today is that the shipping information was taped over the top of the box . Not a big deal , just made opening the box a little more difficult .
 We saved a fair amount of money buying this product through Amazon Mom . We prefer Pampers brand and being able to buy in bulk is extremely convenient .
 I am a big pampers fan . My son does n't leak through these diapers like he does with huggies and other brands and they do n't give off that funky old lee smell when he wets . Plus they are not as bulky as other brands .
 Pampers is the only brand -LRB- we 've tried them all -RRB- that works on our baby . In one year , we 've had only a couple of diaper blow-outs . With other brands , the leaks occurred frequently .
 Pampaers is my go to diaper and the Baby Dry keeps my baby dry thru the night ! Extremely pleased with the product and the pricing on Amazon Mom !!
 The diapers came right on time ! We are very satisfied by their quality and the price ! Using Subscribe and Save has been so easy and helpful !
 Better than huggies ! No leaks and stretchy . My baby has been in a size 4 for about 2 months and it has gone through crawling and now walking , he seems vey comfortable in them .
 This is an awesome purchase . You save $ 30 buying it on here versus a department store . One box contains 7 jumbo packs of diapers . We bought this a month ago and still have half a box left .
 MY NEPHEW USE THAT ITEM I KNOW THAT IS A GOOD ITEM I LIKE . SO I BOUGHT 4 FOR MY SON
 I 've sampled numerous brands of diapers on all three of my children -- 2 girls and a boy -- and Pampers has ALWAYS been the best at containment and comfort . Some of the other brands leaked so badly -LRB- pee and/or poo -RRB- , it was as if they were n't even wearing a diaper . It was SO frustrating , not to mention an expensive waste of money ! With Pampers , there were little to no blow-outs or wetness leakages . Pampers diapers also seem to be more absorptive in the sense of better keeping moisture and filth away from baby 's skin to prevent diaper rash and/or allowing it to heal . All my babies have been Pampers babies .
 From our personal experience we really prefer to use the pampers brand over others , if your struggling for money and stuff buy the biggest bulk box of baby drys from here because they 're the cheapest per diaper I 've found . Howevere the swaddlers are more absorbent and superior overall in quality . THey 're a abit more expenisive tho .
 The pampers baby dry are very good diapers , as they hold a ton of moisture , but sometimes do n't do very well with semi-solids . . When you have moist # 2 's , they seem to become a mess quick with these -LRB- smear on the legs , etc. -RRB- , but again , to me it 's a decent trade off , since in most situations these are far better than the competition . I definitely recommend them , especially if you have a baby who pees a lot in his/her sleep , as they are the ONLY diapers that seem to hold up to heavy amounts of pee without leaking all over the place ...
 My baby uses Pampers since he was born , I love how they fit and the way that they hold everything
 99.99 % of the time I never have a leak from these diapers , and when I do , it 's typically from one of us parents getting a bit hasty putting it on in the first place . Tried several free Huggies diapers -- every single one of them leaked ! Never again ! Only Pampers !
 I like Pampers brand diapers . They 're a great diaper for active little ones who are always on the go . The only thing I do n't like about them is the way they sag in the back/bottom . I think they would fit better on a longer child but unfortunately both of my kids are short/petite . We have n't had any accidents or leaks yet . I do , however , love the price that you can get on the economy packs . I got this box of Size 4 -LRB- 192 count -RRB- for $ 29.99 back in June through the Amazon Mom and Subscribe & Save programs . That 's an awesome price !!!! Thanks Amazon for the great deal ! I will definitely recommend this product through your website .
 Best diapers I have used . Tried Huggies , Kirkland and Seventh Generation . These do the best at holding urine in . I also use them as the overnight diapers . They have rarely leaked . The only time there was a consistent problem was when she had loose stools while taking antibiotics .
 still the best diaper around , after 16 months of regular testing . i have found these are better for my tall slim baby versus a short stocky kid . huggies do n't do well on her , so i imagine they would work well for shorter babies .
 Good Diapers , Really comfy for the baby.Price is Ok , it is not a bargain.They should have specials or better price offering .
 I have shopped around and this is the best deal for the top quality diapers out there . The time of the free delivery of the diapers from Amazon varies with my two orders . The first time it took a couples of weeks and the second time it arrived in a couple of days . So you should plan ahead to order these big package diapers . But in my opinion , it is well worth it !
 Really good procudt . Out 7 month old is very comfortable with this one and it works as it should be .
 Since this qualifies for free super saver shipping it is well worth it . I ca n't find a box this big of this brand at the store .
 Until Pampers recently added the Flex-waistband , I was almost ready to give up on them as my 9-month-old kept leaking in his diapers at night . But since they 've added it , NO LEAKS !!! Plus not much `` jello '' stuff rubbing off on him . I love the security of knowing that he wo n't wake up wet and uncomfortable .
 These are good diapers , however the old design was better . Great price as compared to Target . Would order again .
 I always get size 4 for my little guy , and so I ordered size 4 in Pampers Baby-Dry . I can barely fit them around his waist . My friend and I compared Pampers size 3 and 4 next to each other and we could n't tell any size difference .
 I tried Cruisers and Pampers and Huggies . Huggies Supreme leaked . The only two that did the job were Cruisers and Paprer Baby Dry Diapers . Unfortunatelly Cruisers overpriced although they fit the best . Baby Drys does the job with a more appropriate price tag , but their fit is poorly designed
 No diaper is perfect , that 's why I gave it 4 stars and not 5 . These are however the best we 've used so far -LRB- and we 've used quite a lot of different brands and types -RRB- . Fewer blow-outs and seems to hold a lot of pee overnight . Thumbs up : -RRB-
 Probably my 2nd favorite disposable I find them to be very reliable and they smell nice . However the scent does concern me and while all disposables contain chemicals I wonder about the more so when I 'm using scented Pampers . Regardless , combined with Subscribe and Save this is a total win-win the price and service ca n't be beat . I 'm a `` part-time '' cloth diaper user and subscribe and save has made filling in the gaps very easy I ca n't say enough how much I love it .
 I went ahead with the `` subscribe and save '' for this item , the savings are great ! Pampers is a great product and could n't believe how much I would save for something I need to get anyway . The only drawback is that my 2nd shipment was returned by the carried without any explanation . I never received it and had to re order it again !
 My baby has sensitive skin , We try most of the product in the market and never found any of them delivered to the promise including Pamper baby dry thin . Finally we stick to this one and seems to be OK for my baby except few small rashes my baby is comfortable with this one
 I love pampers diapers . we tried all brands including some store brands and these were by far my favorite . my child will always be a pampers baby
 These are by far the best diaper ! We have tried other ` name brands ' and they leak horribly . I have never experienced leakage with these . I am one to do frequent diaper changes , so to have the other ` brands ' leak and these not leak is a true sign these diapers work . I have used cloth in the past , and was going to again , but had c-sec and with my husband working a lot and no other help , I just continued the use of disposables for my own ease -LRB- yes , I was being selfish -RRB- . My son is now almost 4 months and starting to sleep longer intervals at night , which means fewer diaper changes , and still no leaks . I Love Pampers Baby Dry ! :-RRB- Oh , and -LRB- knocking on wood -RRB- no diaper rash !
 Any other diapers I buy give my kids a rash . This is all I buy . They NEVER leak through . They keep my kid dry all night . Perfect pamper .
 It is very good for kid more than 1 month . Only one thing i want to say when my baby used it at 1 month , she grew some rash , but not very serious . So i appreciate pamper all the same . Thanks for supplying quality goods to us .
 pampers are the best diapers . They 're more expensive than other brands but they absorb the best .
 Best diapers to use ... Amazon 's free shipping ... That 's amazing service ... I paid ZERO shipping.That is truly incredible .
 For my son , Huggies would always leak in his sleep . Pampers Baby Dry has a more snug fit and they keep my son dry at night .
 My daughter is currently 4 months old and I am definitely a Pampers fan . She started off with the Swaddlers , but I have moved over to Baby dry on occassion ... depends on what is on sale at the time . I really like the BDs , and I actually think they absorb wetness much better than Swaddlers . The only thing I do n't like is that the aqua color shows through her white onesies . Swaddlers are much more subtle if she 's wearing tights and a dress.I have n't had one tear yet , FWIW.Also , there are two different kinds of BDs . There are Caterpillar - Flex -LRB- or whatever it 's called -RRB- , which is what I currently see for sale at Amazon.com , but there is also a non-flex version . I like the Flex ones much , much more - I feel like I get a tighter seal around her waist .
 We switched our 16 month old son from the cruisers to the baby dry a few months ago because we got more for our money . I did n't really like the cruisers because they seemed loose around his legs , and we would occasionally get leaks . The baby dry works great for us , no leaks , and it 's nice to get a few more diapers per box .
 Pampers are the only the only diapers that do not leak on my boys . I 've tried all of the others , Huggies , Luvs , etc. and Pampers are the only ones that do not leak . I especially love the feauture that the added to the Baby Dry diapers to make them `` strechy '' . That feature also helps the leaks and lets the diapers `` move '' with my baby !
 After trying various brands of diapers out there -LRB- including Pampers Swaddlers -RRB- , I have chosen to exclusively use Pampers baby dry diapers . I have n't experienced one leak at all , they 're not bulky , and there 's always a good sale on them in my neck of the woods . It 's a shame , because I have so many Huggies coupons and I am just not a huggies diaper fan .
 I bought these diapers for my 7 month old baby . He has been leak free , even over night , and he has n't had any problem with diaper rash.The box is huge and it seems to last forever , in fact , I did n't get a chance to use up all my size two diapers , because the big box lasted so long.I have three children , and they all have had different diapering issues . My first child wore Huggie 's Supreme diapers until she was four or five months old , never had a problem with leakage or rashes , and was able to switch to Wal-Mart 's White Cloud diapers with no problem . I never tried Pampers , as they seemed expensive and cheaper diapers were no problem for her.My second child started in Huggie 's Supreme as well . He got a diaper rash every week it seemed , so we switched to Pamper 's , and he got an even worse rash . We tried every diaper out there , but ended up going back to Huggie 's Supreme , because it was the least `` Rashy '' for him.My third baby started in Huggie 's Supreme too . Those were fine , but I thought they were expensive so we tried some of the Safeway brand diapers I got at my baby shower , what a joke ! Those diapers leaked the minute he first pee 'd . He might as well been wearing a cloth diaper with no diaper cover . So we went back to Huggies Supreme . But then something that never happened with our other children started happening . He started leaking through over night . Almost every night by 3 am his PJ 's would be wet . So we tried Pamper 's Swaddlers , and we have n't had a problem since . He has n't leaked through once since we switched , and he has n't had a rash either . They do cost more , but with the subscribe and save discount it is n't too much more . The extra cost is worth it , I think , since we do n't have to change him as often . Plus , they smell like Cabbage Patch Kids , and I find that pleasant .
 My only regret about this Subscribe & Save service is that I did n't discover it with my other 3 children . On my fourth -LRB- and last -RRB- child , I 'm subscribing to Amazon , and these diapers are delivered to my house on a regular basis . I never run out of diapers ; I do n't waste space in my store cart with the big box ; it 's economical . It 's a great service that I highly recommend !
 The product has been arrived on time and was good . The price what I was expected , competitive with other providers . I would love to continue with amazon for my baby diaper needs and toys as well .
 These diapers do the job well and are softer than the other brands . -LRB- even though this is not the swaddler version -RRB-
 I have used Pampers for both my children . They are fantastically absorbent , so much so that you have to remind yourself to change the baby 's diaper because it wo n't get that `` saggy '' look that full diapers used to get . A tip
 These diapers are softer and more compact than the Costco brand I have been using . My son does n't scratch his waist when he 's wearing these . Unfortunately , they do n't seem to hold as much as the Costco brand so we have had a few wetness accidents . My son likes to drink A LOT of water . I just have to change him a little more often when he is wearing these diapers .
 Not only does my family think that Pampers are the best disposable diaper on the market but we are thrilled that we can buy them at such a great price from Amazon ! Especially thanks to the subscribe and save plus the Amazon Moms program , we are getting our diapers at a very affordable cost . The monthly delivery is also brilliant !
 I only use pampers and I pay close to that price for only 92 diapers . This is a great deal .
 We have been purchasing this diaper ever since our daughter is 2 months old , we were using size 1 , 2 and now 3 . We do not wish to change to other brand . when our daughter was first born , we bought so many other brands of diaper , but only this one satisfy the need .
 I use those diapers for years . They are good for my daughter and other babies . This one is bought as a gift for our friend .
 I tried other brands to save money but , quickly learned that its better to pay a little more and get the best . We 're expecting a second baby in March and he will be wearing pampers until he is potty trained too .
 I make sure I reorder every few monthsLove this offer and these diapers are excellentI highly recommend these diapers
 I tried every brand of diaper for my daughter but these are the only ones that would cut it and always came back to them . They worked for 12 hour sleeping periods and day time play with no leaks . Worth the money for the comfort and security
 With 2 babies , we go through a lot of diapers . I found the Pampers Baby Dry diapers to have just the same quality as the other Pampers , but the price was so much better and the quantity is greater . My babies stay comfortable and dry , and the subscribe and save feature through Amazon enables me to get a great price without the added hassle of always looking for the best deal at a regular store . Having the regular delivery set up is a real convenience for any mom !
 We have 2 year old twin boys and sometimes it 's just hard to grab them to change them . We have not had any problems with leakage , even overnight ! Our boys sleep 12 hours and these diapers last ! Plus they are very thin before being put on so you can stash a large number of them in a diaper bag . About 1/2 as thin as the Target brand and buy buying at Amazon with the reoccurring shipments they are cheaper -LRB- per diaper -RRB- than the Kirkland -LRB- Costco -RRB- brand .
 I love the diapers and i get so much more by ordering here and they come right to my door . It is a lot of diapers for your money .
 I buy these pampers all the time , I am interested in other brands -LRB- advice welcome -RRB- , but i am comfortable with these so far .
 Diaper does exactly as advertised
 We started out with Pampers Swaddlers from the hospital and I still like those best , hence the 4 stars . However , these fit great , keep him nice and dry , and we have yet to have a leak !
 Pampers baby dry is the only brand that works for my baby ... them keep her dry and we have never had leaks !
 I love Pamper 's Baby Dry Diapers and I love getting them through the Amazon Mom subscription service ! We save almost half on our diaper bill this way and they are shipped right to my house !
 HUGE savings over any of the store prices ! Subscribe and Save is the way to go ! I love being able to schedule `` just in time '' deliveries right to my door .
 This product and Mom program of Amazon is great benefit for the parents especially in this economic . Have spread the word among friends and family and most of them have joined .
 Great buy when you use amazon mom 20 % off coupon . I love not having to go to the store every week to buy diapers , now I just have them delivered to my door , ca n't beat that !
 Diapers are one baby expense you do n't want to cut corners on -- i tried two different cheaper `` store brands '' and found they differ from Pampers in three key areas
 I got these diapers for my son , he has used them before and did great with them . I got a great deal on them !
 Pampers are the best diapers and I have used them all . They last all night without any leaks and they fit my son perfectly .
 I bought these diapers mainly because of the price and the quantity . I like them but found they leak often . I prefer Luvs .
 I struggle to say &#34; I love diapers &#34; but the stars do n't allow me to change the text to indicate &#34; They hold poop and pee as advertised . &#34; I do like the pee indicators , that makes life easier . The tabs are also sticky enough to remove , roll and tie up before tossing them into the garbage .
 We have been using this brand for 8 months ever since we first tried them based on price . When my son was still nursing exclusively it prevented more blowouts and now as a toddler they rarely leak . There is no better major-brand diaper for the price .
 Pampers Baby Dry are the only diapers that work . Leaks galore with all the others and we literally bought every brand imaginable . These are the clear winner .
 this diaper keeps dry my babyespecially it works very well for overnight.very comfort and soft enough for baby
 I love this new subscription deal - the prices are so much better than you can get at BabiesRUs or Costco and I rec 'd the diapers very quickly - ordered Friday , delivered Monday . I will definitely switch from my RewardsRUs deal to this service from now on .
 Nice item , good quality . Bought it for 18 month old , 25 lbs . Reasonable and worth it . Amazon had free shipping on 2 boxes , so that made me go for it . Each box had 156 for $ 38 . Would recommend it .
 I love Pampers diapers for my little one . They fit well , are great quality , and keep my baby dry .
 Pampers are the best diapers . People have said that the store brands are just as good and it is only a diaper . Well they are not as good . I would use Huggies as a second choice , but we have had some leaks . Store brands are like wrapping a child in plastic .
 I was searching for a unique gift to give my great grand daughter Emma Lynn who lives several states away , I decided to give her disposable diapers the first year of her life . it 's easy , I just order the size I want as she grows , the new parents tried the various brands , and the Pampers are the best one 's that they have tried on her ... they fit the best , and are the easiest to put on , and that 's important for young parents with their first baby . So , I am a hero , and they do n't have to decide between groceries or diapers the first year of their baby 's life . thanks Amazon.com and Pampers
 If you want your child to fly , buy these diapers . The diapers came in a standard Pampers Baby Dry box , but as soon as I opened it I realized that something magical was present . I could tell this because I saw a bit of a golden twinkle and heard the distinct sound of small bells dinging upon opening the box.When it came time to put the diapers on my 2 year old daughter she too could tell they were magical . Upon their fitting she said , `` dad , I am a princess dinosaur '' and I knew that she could feel the magic as well . The next thing she said is , `` dad I am flying '' as she raced around the room with her arms outstretched . Now , I did n't see her lift off the ground , but my daughter INS ' T A LIAR!Since these events I have purchased these diapers on numerous occasions as I find their magic is lost about 5-6 times a day . Each time the magic is lost my daughter approaches my wife or I and ask for a new diaper , quickly followed by , `` You are Star-song My little Pony and I am Candy Princess Pony and I can fly , '' and the whole process begins again.If you love magic and your child still pees and poops on themselves these diapers will not disappoint you !
 I 've used many diapers on my kids -LRB- huggies , kirklands , Target before it was up & up , and cloth -RRB- and Pampers are my favorite . I love the soft exterior and how light and thin it is . The other diapers absorb just the same , but how they 're made causes them to curl up and that 's very inconvenient during a dirty diaper change . Pampers never curl and absorb just as much . I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because my twins do need their special night diapers or they leak through their PJ 's . I was so happy when I found Pampers night diapers the other day though .
 I am a first time mom at the age of 36 and I have a hard time over-analyzing everything !!! I was so worried about all the horrible diaper rash stories I 've heard , but so far we have not encountered that problem once ! I love Baby Dry Pampers ! They are nice and thin and the only time we 've had any leak problems was when she was due to switch to a larger size .
 We like Pampers the best compared to the competitors we 've tried ; they seem much better quality and fit . They fit my daughter very well and rarely leak . We were given a huggies size 5 diaper to try and it 's actually the same size as the Pampers size 4 and the quality is not nearly as good as the Pampers .
 I love these diapers . They are a great fit for my 9 month old . They keep him dry all night , pulling the wetness away from his skin and do n't cause any irritation . A great buy for your little one !
 We are a Pampers loving family ! They work great for our little girl and she 's been in them since Day 1 and they have `` grown '' with her along the way ! I have never had an issue with leakage , but one tip we use is that we put on a one size larger diaper at night and my baby will sleep 10-12 hours overnight without waking due to being wet . They are not kidding when they say that they Baby Dry brand will hold for 12 hours . She sleeps like a dream and no issues with wetness or rashing at all ! The extra price of these over the generic brands are worth it to us !
 My son , now two and in the potty training process , is a devoted Pampers wearer . When he was born , Pampers Swaddlers were the only diapers that did n't leak all over everything when he urinated . We tried six or seven different brands , and no matter how often we changed him , all of the others leaked . Pampers did not . He 's now moved up the Pampers ranks into a size 5 , and we typically use Baby Dry . These work very well for us . We borrowed a Luvs diaper from a friend the other day , and it leaked through his pants within an hour ... not cool . We are very loyal Pampers users , and I would highly recommend each line of their diapers -LRB- Swaddlers , Swaddlers Sensitive , Baby Dry , Cruisers , etc -RRB- .
 I have been using these diapers for my daughter for almost a year now . They are excellent and I almost never have any issues with leakes . I use them both daytime and night . With Prime shipping , they are at my door so quick . Its very convenient , and the box lasts for a month !
 Pampers are hands down the best diapers out there ! We have tried others and Pampers are the only ones who absorb the way they are supposed to and they are just a reliable product !
 With subscribe & save and free shipping , these are some of the least expensive diapers out there . Every so often , one of the fasteners rips off the diaper ; otherwise , good containment and no other problems .
 Weve tried them all . Keep going back to Pampers . Even cheaper to buy here than at Walmart !!! Thanks amazon !!!
 Hi , We tried lots of different brand of diapers for my baby including different kind of huggies , Costco branded , babiesus branded etc. but most of them would give my baby rashes or they would not last for more than 6 hours . Once we started using Pampers , they last for more than 1o hours and no rashes . We are happy and our baby is happy too !
 92 count in $ 24.50 through Amazon 's `` Subscribe and Save '' program is cheaper than that in the stores . Further , shipping is free . Pampers Baby Dry are comfortable and absorbent .
 This was an awesome deal on diapers ! This is how I will buy them from now on !
 I bought a box of pampers dry when it was on sale at Amazon.com + 15 % desc subscribe and save . It was really worth ! Very convenient to shop on the confort of our home and have it delivered to our door in no time !
 Very rare did he have any diaper rash since I started using these . the baby dry is on the thin side compare to cruiser , but still can do overnight job quite well . Highly recommended ! Pampers makes the best diaper . It 's absorbant , breathable , easy on the sensitive skin of a baby . My son has used pampers exclusively based on the experience I had with my daughter where we tried different brands .
 Ever since Pampers changed their Pampers Cruisers designs in late 2009 I 've been on the market hunting for diapers that does n't leak , does n't feel rough , and is flexible for my one year old to cruise around the house.I would love to continue using Pampers Swaddlers but they only make it for tiny infants , up to size 3 . In 2010 I went on a hunt . I 've tried Whole Foods 365 Diapers -LRB- organic diapers but very rough and stiff and does n't absorb quickly -RRB- . I 've tried Huggies Little Movers -LRB- feels rough and stiff -RRB- . I even thought about using cloth and flushable diapers . Then I read reviews of how often plumbers had to come to fix septic tanks and I went back to hunting for disposable diapers . Plus , daycare does n't accept anything other than disposable diapers.When I saw a lot of positive reviews for Pampers Baby Dry , I was SHOCKED ! I remember in 2009 Baby Dry received horrible reviews . All the positive reviews went to Pampers Cruisers . So something must have changed in 2010 . I took the risk and purchased a box through Amazon and I have found my daughter 's new diapers . Baby Dry reminded me of the old Pampers Cruisers.PROS
 I always bought Pampers baby dry for both of my babies ... excellent in quality , and i believe my babies also feel great on this diaper . I tried huggies , luvs which seems very uncomfortable for them . PLz do n't think about few dollars difference , think about babies health , their soft skin .
 Much better than Pampers Cruisers ! This diaper has held up against leaks very well . I switched to Baby Dry after reading great reviews and now agree . Using them at night in place of the nightime diapers and very pleased as well .
 I love using pampers . I have 2 kids and they both use the same size diaper . The only thing that I wish that amazon offered is the Pampers night time . I believe that night time has better absorbent than this one . But I 'd still prefer this one over the Huggies diapers . My kids does n't get a rash as often with Pampers than Huggies . I also love the way it smells like baby powder .
 We 've been using these diapers for at least a year now and they have been great . Never any problems with leaking , breaking or falling apart -LRB- which has happened with other brands . -RRB- A quality product !
 The Pampers tht are sold do not hold as much as the Pamper Cursiers diapers . But the pack gives more diapers and just as good .
 Pampers are great for keeping Your baby dry and happy ! Also the best price I have found .
 Cloth like feel and great absorbancy . Plus added value of auto delivery with free shipping !
 I love purchasing diapers from Amazon . They are cheaper than even my wholesale store and they get shipped to me quickly . We have used other diapers but have found these to fit my son best and he almost never leaks .
 great product and great leakage protection but these diapers seem almost too small and my daughter , she is 24 lbs . the pampers cruisers fit alot better .
 This is the perfect diaper . It can hold gallons and gallons and gallons of fluid . These diapers have a great fit and move with the baby/toddler . The material is very soft and much better than any other diaper that I 've tried on my children .
 newborn diapers are really hard to find cheap . You have to use them up fast , new borns grow up fast !!
 Of course these are absorbant and highly functional -- the industry has that figured out . Of the mainstream affordable disposible diapers , these have the least noticable and annoying graphics . The other kind of Pampers are the worst -- covered in purple .
 Switched from Huggies to Pampers as infant and have always loved how well Pampers fit my daughter . Never leaked like Huggies did .
 I really like these diapers . They are great at preventing daytime leaks . I would give them five stars , but they do n't work well at night . We use Pampers Extra Protection at night instead .
 Pampers are a trusted and true product . The ability to not have to think about if we needed more pampers was wonderful !!!
 our second brand try and they work so much better . no leaks , well , almost no . and my daughter loves the Elmo
 very comfortable . -LRB- atleast thats what I can read from my daughter 's face when she wears this against huggies -RRB- . With subscribe and save ... . No complain . Right at the door when you need it !
 I like these diapers , however , blow outs are blow outs so they are n't perfect . But I 've yet to find a diaper that is !
 Pampers are our favorite diapers - littl extra $ , but well worth it . Hold more & last longer than any other diapers we have tried on all three of our kids . I only buy Pampers now that we are on our third child .
 I like these diapers and it 's great to get so many at once , but we have had some blowouts up the back .
 Excellent diaper , fits well , stays on , very adjustable size . The only accidents we have had are the inevitable up-the-back , and you have to make sure the leg elasticity are fluffed out when you put them on .
 I took the Huggies challenge and Pampers are the best Diapers ! No comparison ! My daughter would explode out of the Huggies , but the Pampers Baby Dry work very well , no leaks or explosions . They also smell better than other brands . I have used Pampers with both of my kids , and have never had issues .
 I ordered this product and was shipped the same date was required and as they mentioned it in the webI am going to get more . And I recommend this product to all my friend
 Among the Pampers Swaddlers , Costco Kirkland , and Huggies Snug and dry , this is so far the best and I am 100 % satisfied and do n't even want to try other brands . It is the softest one , even better than Pampers Swaddlers . It smells good but I think a little bit too strong . Use it for my baby day and night . Do n't even to buy the night diapers . It is pretty dry even after the whole night .
 I honestly prefer these to any other Pamper . The swaddlers are nice for newborns because of the wetness . Indicator but these are equally good as swaddles and cruisers for older babies ! These do NOT contain Dry Max !!
 I am a die hard Pampers fan - I tried all the other brands with our first son no success , just lots of extra laundry - We use the Baby Dry for my older son and they are different than the Cruisers . They do not feel as heavy duty , but we have never had a leak , so I love the savings ! I was a bit nervous to try them on my infant son as we 've been using the higher quality Swaddlers , but I figured we 'd give them a go , with Amazon 's free returns , there was nothing to lose really . I am very happy with them . You get about 40 more diapers for the same price and we have had no leaks or issues with them ! Even when my son chooses to go -LRB- nearly -RRB- the whole night ! I am very pleased with the cost -LRB- especially when you combine the Amazon Mom discount and subscribe & save -RRB- and they do n't leak . I would recommend them to anyone who is looking for an extra week of diapers for the same price as the Swaddlers .
 For any new moms or dads , let me say that 1 . Pampers is BY FAR the best diaper on the market . 2 , that using Amazon for ordering these things can save some time and hassel at the grocery store .
 Buying a huge box of Pampers diapers is totally worth it ! Pampers Baby Dry are really absorbent for one thing and it beats always having to buy diapers at the grocery store frequently ! When you use up the diapers , the sturdy box it came in proves to be very useful , too : - -RRB-
 Item as described . Very Good Price . Delivered before the promised time . Did not know that could save a lot . Will buy in the future also .
 Pamper diapers are my favorite . I love being able to order the bigger box and get free shipping . Plus , after hunting around price shopping Amazon does pretty good . And it def beats Diapers.com . I will continue to buy pampers . They do n't leak very often at all . And they do n't bother my now 5 months old bottom at all .
 I am very pleased with my recent purchase of 4 boxes of Pampers . Delivery was super-fast -LRB- and free -RRB- , faster than I expected . Having twins , this is the way to go ; no having to tote two babies , and a 3 yr old , into the store to buy them .
 I always buy Pampers Cruise before this . This is the first time I tried Pampers Baby-Dry . The quality is good , soft and a little bit thinner than Pampers Cruise , it 's what I expected , especially in summer , I think thinner diaper is better .
 As the mother of twin girls -LRB- who admittedly should be out of diapers by now -RRB- , I can tell you that you ca n't beat Pampers Baby-Dry ! We 've tried all the other brands , but we always come back to Pampers . They may cost a bit more , but they are certainly worth it !!!!
 As an avid club-store shopper I was crushed to see the quality of the generic and Huggees Supreme diapers available there were not nearly as nice as the Pampers Baby Dry . My philosophy with my kid is `` if I would n't wear it , I wo n't make my baby wear it '' and -LRB- if they came large enough -RRB- I would wear the Pampers Baby Dry . They hold a ton of liquid , and have never leaked for us.I have had a very hard time finding value sized packs of size 6 pampers at my local big box stores . They will only have a small pack of 40 diapers if they cary the size 6 at all . Thank goodness for Amazon and supersaver shipping!Our little girl is definitely `` Pampered '' .
 I ordered pampers baby dry diapers for my son . It has an expiry date of 12/31/2006 . I ordered baby dry diapers in the past and expiry date was 12/31/2006 . Does expiry date on diapers makes any sense ?
 previously I tried severl other pampers diapers , but they are thicker and warmer . but I ever made a mistake to buy the baby dry diapers , because I intended to buy cruise diapers . When I wanted to return it , my wife told me why not try it . Oh , It is perfect , we can feel think and cool , which is the best one in the summer , especially in the hottest days .
 I really think pampers baby dry are really good and so are huggies , but you know what ? I am sticking with the pampers baby dry because you get more diapers and its really the same as Huggies.I am a mother of my fourth child now and believe me I even made mistakes putting on the diaper on my newborn son as well because its been awhile.I find if you change the baby as often as you should and put them on correctly you will find really no different beside the bulkyness of huggies.I like the fact that Pampers baby dry sells larger cases of diapers , I do n't run out as quickly.I would stay away from store brand diapers all together because there not made well .
 I used these before and they work great . No complaints . I thinks the Swaddlers are a little softer , but these are just fine . And I think the size will last a loooooong time .
 I usually pay about $ 25 for a box of 109 diapers ! This was nearly double the amount for a very affordable price ! The box will last a full month which is terrific .
 Subscribing to Amazon Mom is the best thing I could 've done . I am kicking myself for not trying it a little sooner ; I could 've saved a lot more money , and with a new little one , who would n't need to save more ? Every chance I get , I am recommending to all my friends to buy Pampers through amazon Mom !
 I was very happy with my service and the diapers were just what we needed . I love being an amazon mom !
 Pampers Baby Dry Size 4 Diapers Economy Pack Plus 192 CountI received my product on time and in perfect condition . I have ordered with Amazon 5 times now and each and every time was awesome . The company the diapers are coming from is Warehouse deals and they have done a great job . The product is in great condition and they have awesome prices . Thank you Lisa
 My daughter is in these diapers now , and I would say the only big differences I have noticed so far between The Huggies Snug & Dry and The Pampers Baby Dry Diapers is that the pampers have a scent to them that can be helpful and yhat at night we have n't had any leaks , which we got on occasion with her Huggies ! As long as Amazon keeps having great deals on Pampers , I am now going to stick with Pampers !
 Love love love these diapers ! I was having problems with other diapers leaking at night but these do not leak as my sweet baby sleeps . Highly recommend Pampers brand diapers !
 Received exactly what I ordered . My daughter would n't wear any other type of diaper . I highly recommend ordering this through Amazon using automatic shipments for all those interested in saving money .
 Very happy to have found the Amazon Mom program . We received our Pampers quickly and we love the product . Only wish we had done this from the very beginning instead of at 13 months . However baby number 2 will be signed up for the Pampers diapers by delivery at birth . We love it ! Makes life easier!As for the diapers - we love Pampers . Our daughter has always worn these well . We tried Huggies for a short time after her arrival and they tend to break her out . We have never had that problem with Pampers .
 Baby Dry has never let us down . We use it for day and night . Of course , we 've had the occasional blowout , but that can happen with any diaper.Pros : Good for night for the average child.Inexpensive -LRB- especially with `` subscribe and save '' and Amazon Mom . -RRB- Easy on and off -- hugs the body well.Cons
 This product is exactly what I wanted
 I love buying diapers from amazon.com . i get the best deals out there plus they come shipped for free !! Ca n't beat that !! This pack was actually purchased as a baby gift for a child that has not yet arrived but I know that mommy will love them , they will work wonderfully and how easy it was for me to get my shower gift purchased !!
 We went to BabiesRUs to buy Pampers Swaddlers that we have been using with our 10 week old with great success , when we chanced on the baby dry diapers . Our baby dislikes a wet diaper and would wake up at night crying for us to change the diaper and so the all night diaper appealed to us . We thought we could give this a try . Our first impressions on opening the box was that these diapers look cheap and are missing the wetness indicator . However when we put this on our baby the first night , he slept longer than with Swaddlers . We ended up buying two other boxes of this and are also starting to use this during the day when we go out.As a first time parent , I think that Pampers does a crummy job explaining the differences between these products and there are way too many brands of diapers within the Pampers family . One improvement on these diapers would be the wetness indicator.You will find the best prices right here on Amazon with the Amazon mom and the Subscribe and Save discounts , the price for a 276 pack works out to around $ 30 . This can not be beat anywhere !
 I personally wish I could buy a cheaper diaper but I literally tried every brand of diaper out there and this was the only one that did n't cause my child to get a rash or skin breakdown . Pampers have a special absorbant material in them that actually absorbs the moisture . This size package is the cheapest I have found . I orderd 4 boxes , hopefully will last 6 months .
 great deal for the price !! I ca n't believe how much cheaper it is online than in the stores ... at least $ 10 !
 I have been very satisfied with Pampers with our child . The only thing I do get a little aggravated with is that the tabs do n't stretch as much as other diapers do . We still use them though , because , they do n't leak and smell great . I will still keep buying these for our child . : -RRB-
 The only thing that would make this diaper better would be if it was environmentally friendly.No leakage , seems comfortable , and with Amazon Mom 's , it 's priced beautifully.Will continue to purchase until the twins are potty trained . = -RRB-
 No matter what size/type of Pampers I have purchased in the past -LRB- & present -RRB- , I am ALWAYS very pleased . The Baby Dry size 5 diapers once again have proven to be an excellent buy . I highly recommend any and all Pampers products!Sincerely , One very happy Mom !
 Find that this is a good product . Have not had any concerns . Seem to not leak . Prefer over Huggies brand . Would purchase again .
 My son is almost two , and has used many different brands of diapers . The only one that has held up to the challenge of a very bouncy two year old boy was the pampers baby dry . He pulls and tugs at them , colors on them with paint and markers , stretches them over his head -LRB- when they are clean -RRB- , puts them around his legs and runs through the house , play on the playground with just the diaper on . And through all of that , they still work . Only once has a pampers baby dry leaked while he was wearing it . I love the diaper , you get more for your money , and they really do work . I would n't use any other !
 Never had any leak trouble with these . They are durable enough for her to play outside in and still stay dry .
 Thinner than Cruisers , but I prefer that feature since my son was 10 pounds at birth and the extra bulk made him even bulkier . Baby-Dry does n't leak , and my boy does n't complain about the fit , which is a common criticism from other reviewers . I went back to Cruisers when Amazon was out of the Baby-Dry and found no difference in performance . Baby-Dry is cheaper and thinner , so it has been my preference for the last 6 months .
 I 've always had concerns about leakage during the night time . Pampers baby dry completely resolved this matter . No leakage , no odors , and soft linings ~ !
 I used the Pampers Swaddlers up until 6 months or so , but all of the sudden I started getting regular leaks . I 've had very , very few since I switched . I tried Huggies at the beginning and they were terrible . My daughter is long waisted and on the thin side , so that may account for the discrepancy , but that 's my take .
 The Cruiser line is the cream of the crop . No human baby will ever cause the diaper to overflow with urine or feces . On the other hand , the Baby-Dry line has its limits . Miss a diaper changing session while on the road , and you 'll look at a damp car seat . A heavier-than-normal # 2 session will cause the diaper to stretch to the child 's knees and risk leakage . It 's just not as absorptive or structurally sound for long road trips . It 's more than adequate at home when changes can be made frequently , and is easier on the wallet .
 This diaper is very thin but it absorbs really well . It beats Huggies and Costco brand . My son 's diaper rash is gone after using this .
 This diaper is very thin but it absorbs really well . It beats Huggies and Costco brand . My son 's diaper rash is gone after using this .
 I love these improved baby-dry diapers . The old version had only one problem - the unadjustable waist . Now they have fixed it and they feel very similar to the more expensive Cruisers ! Perfect for my baby , never a leak . Byebye Huggies !
 Compared to Huggies , Pampers are not as bulky . My son leaked only once and that was bc I did n't put it on snuggly . Also , Pampers brand smells nicer than Huggies . Thank goodness something down there does !!
 These diapers work just fine and the price was right with the promotion deal at the time .
 I did not receive the Pampers with Flex as shown in the picture . The older version is still great for no leaks , but they have the stiff tape tabs which leave red marks on my 28lb . son . The Flex Pampers do not do this . Now I have 150 diapers that I can not use because Amazon misrepresented the item . I have purchased many things from Amazon , but I will no longer be ordering diapers .
 By far the best deal I 've found . I ca n't find boxes with this many in them only at the Wholesale Clubs and they typically do n't have what I want . The super shipper savings makes it even more attractive and I usually have them within 2 days . Thank You !!
 The diapers are great , but at my local wal mart they are only $ 10.00 with out shipping charges ...
 Pampers makes the best disposables out there . Not the best wipes , huggies has that market .
 Cheaper with the coupons . Please send me coupon code to buy this products in the future .
 ah , great price for a great product . for 4 years + 3 kids , i 've only used papers baby dry for my kids . saw no difference between them + the cruisers so why pay the heftier price for the cruisers , right ? can honestly say none of my kids have ever leaked in these . only ones i will put on my kids !
 Love these diapers for my kids . And Amazin by far is the best deal I 've found . I ca n't find boxes with this many in them only at the Wholesale Clubs and they typically do n't have what I want . The super shipper savings makes it even more attractive and I usually have them within 2 days . Thank You !!
 I like to purchase Pampers Diapers from Amazon . I get a much better deal for the amount . The diapers work well for our son . They are n't bulky , either . It is so nice to just order them online and have them shipped to our door for free ! Less trips to the store to buy diapers is a definite plus when you have children .
 Pampers are superior diapers . No leaks , EVER . I have had leaks with Huggies , and Earth 's best . Ok , one or two times I have had pee accidents with Pampers but it has been when I opened the diaper to check if it was dry and closed it back up again . Once you compromise the tab , it is not reliable . I liked the idea of Earth 's best ... Chlorine free , etc. . But those just did not work as well . I was constantly changing his clothes too , due to leakage . These diapers work well at night too , they hold a LOT of pee .
 This is a lot better than any cheap diapers out there . I tried all the cheap brands and every morning my baby is wet , it leaks but this Pampers is really good I have peace of mind because I know my baby is dry .
 Great product , great value . I will use these until my child is potty-trained , and you ca n't beat the Amazon subscription . Awesome !
 I have two boys that are 12 months apart , so I go through alot of diapers . When my oldest son was born , I just bought what ever diaper was on sale , and quickly discovered that all diapers are NOT the same . I tried Pampers Baby Dry and literally FELL IN LOVE with them ! They have great coverage in the front for boys and they never woke up wet in the morning again ! The elastic around the legs works great at keeping messes in , and still allows them to crawl around comfortably.I also loved that they are thin ! Great for packing and storing in the diaper bag and baskets . I recommend the Baby Dry diapers to all my friends that have babies . They have saved me from changing outfits on little boys many times ! Great product , I HIGHLY recommend you try them !
 I ordered the Economy Pack of Pampers Baby Dry Size 4 and I LOVE Pampers although the size is a little small for 4 it was very convenient and nice sized !! I will order this product again !!!
 I have recently switched to cloth diapers but if i had to go back to disposables it would break my heart because I love Pampers baby drys ! These diapers worked wonderful for my son . No rashes , no leaks , they lasted over night -LRB- 12 + hours ! -RRB- and we never had blow outs . His diapers did busted on us a few times but that was our fault for having him in a size to small . These are my first pick when it comes to disposables !
 I use to purchase my diapers from walmart ... but not now . I love the FREE two day shipping and you only pay a few more dollars for alot more diapers . I will never purchase diapers from walmart or any other store but amazon .
 The diapers are great for my daughter 's sensitive skin and hold pretty well . I just wish I found amazonmom sooner when my daughter was born to have taken advantage of the great service ! Not only do I save more money on each box , but in gas as well!The only downfall of these diapers is they tend to `` sag '' too much after one urination ...
 package is good and no damage to it . . and its a new one which we have ordered and it looks new too ...
 So we tried many diapers whn my son was born and finaly decided I could n't live without pampers . My son has never had a rash and he is 9 months old . Great fit and cute design . I love the subscribe and save thank you amazon .
 I love Pampers diapers , and this is the cheapest place to buy them by far !! I used to shop at sams and when i switched to amazon moms i saved $ 20 a month , not much but a lot with a toddler . We tried every brand out there and every one of them leaked exept for Pampers . And with this price , why buy off brand ?
 The Pampers Baby Dry works well for my son during the daytime . He is very active and we have not had any blowouts or leaks ! However , they were not holding up to night time usage - we had to find something with extra protection .
 I love pampers baby dry diapers . They fit great and they keep my baby dry all night . This 246 count pack is a great deal .
 i love subscribe and save !!! i never buy diapers or wipes at the store anymore ! and of course , great value !!!
 These are great diapers and very absorbent . They fit perfectly and work well for overnight . I was hesitant when leaving the Swaddlers , but Pampers did a good job on these .
 I have n't really strayed from Pampers since my son was born - each time we borrowed a diaper from a friend or went on vacation and had to use another brand , they did n't work as well -LRB- tabs not restickable , not as absorbent , etc -RRB- and we went back to Pampers . I discovered Baby Dry because we were in Mexico and that was the type of Pampers they had in the Costco there - baby dry is great - they are thin and super absorbent . Amazon is the best place to buy them - especially if you use subscribe and save .
 These are thin diapers that are super absorbent and soft . My son has not had any overnight leaks in these , and with the Amazon Mom discount they were cheaper than the lesser-quality Walmart brand . Highly recommend .
 I really like the quality that Pampers brings to their diapers . It hs leaked a couple of times , but we make it the whole night with no problems . I like the extra padding that these . Great diaper at a great price . I just hope they do n't raise the price . Love Amazon Mom !
 Our son used these right up until he was potty trained and seemed to be the most comfortable in them compared to `` other '' brands . They hold out well , are easy to use , and we appreciated the dependability .
 I always buy pampers , they work better for my child than any other brand . But I was so excited when I sa this buy on amazon . Its a lot easier to have a huge box of diapers shipped to your house , than to have to make weekly trips to the store and buy smaller boxes .
 They keep the stuff where it needs to be if you know what I mean and that is what I was looking for ...
 I bought these diapers after trying Swaddlers -LRB- Pampers -RRB- and the ecological chlorine free -LRB- other brand -RRB- which I believe they are a waste of money . It is a good idea for the environment issue but the quality are not good . They are too rough and they get all messed up as soon as they get wet , beside the zippers are so weak.Anyways , these Bbay Dry work fine for my baby . The zippers are very elastic and the diapers are very absorbent . I like them .
 I used these diapers before my son crawled , then , after he began crawling , used Pampers Cruisers . He began getting diaper rash . I went back to Pampers Baby Dry , and NO MORE DIAPER RASH !! I love these diapers , and I love getting them from Amazon . The come right to my door , and are less expensive than in the store . The only thing is I wish you could change shipping dates , instead of skipping a whole month .
 I was always a Pampers mom -- love the Swaddlers -- wish they had them for bigger sizes ! Meanwhile , looking to save a little I thought I 'd try Huggies since I know someone who uses them and has no complaints -- well first , they 're just so stiff compared to pampers , but no biggie -- the trouble is little tiny gel beads all over the private area ... they come out of the diaper right on babies skin ! My daughter is 6 months old not ONE diaper rash , but the gel was turning her skin RED . Done . Back to pampers -- FYI the Cruisers are a waste of time , these have the same features and work as well while costing less !!
 PaPampers Cruisers , Size 4 , Economy Plus Pack , 140 ctI love the Pampers Swaddlers and Cruisers . They are soft and comfortable for the baby and they do n't leak . I wish they made Swaddlers for older babies too . My daughter grew out of them very quickly . We tried the Pampers Baby Dry and they were not nearly as soft or comfortable , so we went straight to Cruisers . We also tried every other brand out there and found that Pampers really has a superior product .
 Pampers are always a good bet , and it 's a great deal with the subscription discount and free delivery . I got my diapers the day after I ordered them!I did have a couple exploding diapers recently and I was baffled , because Pampers has been the only kind of diaper I 've tried that did n't have that problem . A friend told me that sometimes when you use lots of creams -LRB- for rashes -RRB- it can cause the fibers to break down . That made sense , in conjunction with being in a hot climate that made them drink a lot before bed . I have n't had any problems since the rash cleared up .
 My son will do 10 somersalts by the time you get to put a diaper on . so this product is excellent . It does not leak at all . Pampers cruizers were such a disaster .
 Very pleased with this brand of diaper and the price . Absorbs well with no diaper rash , especially after longer sleeps at night .
 Another reviewer mentioned that Pampers are the best for long , skinny babies . That 's what I have , and I can vouch for these being much better than the Huggies that the hospital sent home with us . My son managed to pee out of those without hardly touching the diaper . I have no idea how he did it . These diapers were much better , although they were n't totally blow-out-proof . Now that he has grown out of the Newborn size and into size 1 , I am still using the Pampers Baby Dry , and I think they do the job just fine , although if there is a diaper that is 100 % leak-proof , I would love to know what it is .
 This is really hospital recommended brand . I 've used this for my first and second born and very satisfied with this diaper . Thanks Pampers
 I use these diapers on my 2 year old and my 10 month old and they always keep them dry , even through the night . They never leak and are super absorbent . I would defintely recommend them !
 They are n't too bulky , they have fun characters -LRB- Our daughter loves to search for Cookie Monster ones -RRB- , and they are affordable compared to the Dry Max . buying in bulk from Amazon as part of Amazon mom is great too .
 My husband and I always thought that before we had children we would n't spend the money on expensive diapers . What 's the use , we 'll be changing our baby so much anyways . Well now that we 've had our daughter and she is 5 months old the only diaper brand we 'll use is Pampers ! Believe me we 've tried them all . It is so worth having a diaper that does n't leak and is comfortable on your baby ! I 'm so glad we 're not having to waste time cleaning out blowouts ! Well worth the money and we 've received some coupons which we loved in some of the boxes ! We are going to try the cruisers out next . Pampers all the way !
 My daughter is now 6 months old and has not had a single rash.I started with the newborn size and went through sizes 1 and 2 , and we just started size 3 . I 'd heard so many horror tales about diaper blowouts and leaks , and we 've largely avoided them.These diapers have amazing absorption , have kept my daughter 's bum dry and they 're really light.We 've used a few other brands of diapers when these have run out , or borrowed from friends , and nothing else has worked quite as well for us.My only complaint may be that the back could be a bit higher - the few times we 've have blow-outs , the poops escaped out the back . But maybe that ca n't be avoided.I plan to continue to use these diapers .
 I liked that these were a lot softer than the Huggies Snug & Dry . The Huggies feel stiff and too much like paper.Absorbency wise , I tried both of these overnight and the Huggies had better absorbency.Overall , I like these diapers . They are soft and absorbency is pretty good . I 'll keep using these since Amazon has a great offer . Ca n't beat this price .
 It 's okay . It 's the convenience of having the diapers delivered to home , and at a reasonable price . The diapers are okay , though a tad smaller than other equivalent size 3 diapers . Otherwise , am happy with the diapers .
 Great Price , Great Product . Ca n't find this big box in stores . Glad to find it on Amazon . I have bought all my daughters diapers on Amazon and will continue to until she is potty trained .
 Love , love , love this product !! its the best , i 've tried all kinds of different diapers , none can beat it !! :-RRB- love pampers !!
 I 'm in the Pampers Baby Dry size 6 diapers due to a control problem . And these diapers work great on preventing leaks !! And they also fit me good . I would recommend them to anyone !! I love Pampers !! Thanks Proctor & Gamble !!!!!
 I 've looked at quite a few different places to get a good price on diapers , and Amazon has been the best -LRB- same price as my local stores , but they get delivered right to my door , free shipping -RRB- I calcuate the price per diaper , and Amazon is always the cheaper , or equal to other sites/local stores.As for the diaper itself , I love pampers brand -LRB- for diapers , not wipes -RRB- over any other diaper brand . I prefer the `` baby dry '' over the cruisers -LRB- for price and quality -RRB- and now that they make the baby dry with the `` caterpillar stretch '' sides , they 're even better ! They fit like a dream , even on my skinny little boy !!! My 18 month old son has been in pampers since the day he was born , and any leaks are VERY VERY rare , even overnight when he 's sleeping 11 + hours.I am very price-aware , and Amazon and Pampers fit my budget perfectly !
 I pity the kid whose parent buy them Huggies . Luvs are fairly decent also.I have found through trail and error that Pampers are the best for my 4 kids .
 Very good service . You should subscribe it too!It 's convenient and fast . I never need to carry a heavy diaper box myself any more . It 's delivered to your house and cheaper than the market price !!
 This product is a good value , and Pampers Baby Dry work best for my son . They do n't leak , despite the fact he is a super wetter , and I love the Caterpillar Flex sides . Cute Sesame Street designs as well .
 this is my fourth time around and I would n't make it withoutpampers . what a great product , dry through the night with a boy , what ablessing .
 Tried Huggies brand when in a pinch but found that it ca n't compare to Pampers . I like Pampers better .
 I love these diapers ! We have been using Pampers Baby Dry since my son was born . He is now 8 months old and we have only had 3 instances with leakage and all were from trying other diapers that were given to us . He easily lasts all night and has never had any rashes .
 These diapers are the best I have ever purchased . They seem to be very soft , comfortable and do n't go through easily . I will definitely buy them many times again !
 Who ever thought of this is a genius . I never run out of diapers anymore . They are delivered to my doorstep once a month for a very low price . The shipping is free . It 's so much cheaper than buying diapers at the store . The quality is wonderful . We have been doing this for 3 months now and we havent had any leaks . My neice told me about this and I tell everyone I know that is having or has a baby . Amazon is wonderful . Now I checkout amazon whenever I need anything .
 I 've always loved pampers and this was such a great deal so I jumped on it . Everything came and all was good , but it took 2 weeks for the shipment to get to my home . In that time I had to buy another pack of diapers . All of my other amazon shipments usually only take a few days , maybe a week . I just do.t understand why this one took so long . Besides that things were fantastic .
 Pampers diapers are the best diapers from newborn to toddlers , I 've never been disappointed ! And subscribe and save has been a lifesaver for this forgetful mom : - -RRB-
 Used size one Baby Dry Pampers at night only and they worked perfectly . I planned to only use them at night since they were more costly than other diapers . They worked well so when I saw these with the subscribe and save option and the discount for being a subscribed Amazon mom , I loved the newer price . I ordered this huge pack and was happy with my purchase , until my baby girl started showing signs of irritation . We were also using Huggies at the time so I first believed that it was the Huggies she was having issues with , or hoping it was . I stopped putting Huggies on her and the irritation did not stop , but it worsened . I then went to the reviews on this product and figured out that she is allergic to the scented ingredient that Pampers uses . The scent is very nice so that the smell of urine and poop does not protrude through the diapers . Furthermore the diapers are not labeled as scented since the scent ingredient is not great enough for Pampers to have to label the diapers as scented . I am a little disappointed in the fact that it is not written clearly on the package so that if a baby does happen to be highly sensitive , that a parent would know not to put this diaper on their baby . I am leaving 4 stars because this diaper works for most babies , except the ones with really sensitive skin . My son was always able to wear any brand of diapers but my baby girl is sensitive to everything . I love Pampers and wish my baby girl could wear them without irritation but apparently even the Swaddlers Sensitive have the same ingredients as the regular Pampers or the representative I spoke to did not know what she was talking about . Amazon.com is the best online store with the best return policy and best customer service assistance . Pampers has very good customer service , but I think I just got a bad representative when I spoke to them . I highly recommend this product if your baby is not allergic to it . I do n't believe in diaper rash , I believe in allergic reactions .
 The babies both seem comfortable . The only issue I have is I HAVE to wake for night changes as my twins seems soaking wet if I wait until morning
 These arrived just as pictured , on time and in great conditon . You can never run out of diapers and I liked that they were on time .
 We 've used Pampers since our first day in the hospital . We 've never had any strange rashes or exploding diapers . I do n't think we will ever use anything but Pampers .
 We really like these diapers and use them daily , not just for night time . We have had no issues with them and best of all , no leaks !
 These diapers fit great . Also , with Amazon Mom and Subscribe and Save I save 30 % ! This is the best deal that I have found on diapers and I did an extensive search on the internet and in stores .
 Great product and will continue to use this over the Dry Max ! I would recommend this product to any mother ! Will continue to order this brand until my son grows out of diapers !
 Wonderful they are the only diapers that do not brake my grandchild out in a horrible rash !! And at night they hold a lot . They only proplem is I can not get the large ecomoney pack in SZ 6 in most stores . Only on Amazon.com .
 More expensive Pampers diapers are better quality , but I am happy with my purchase . This is a good value and good diaper - you get what you pay for . Also , this value box is a good deal for the quantity .
 I love Pampers , but at Babies R Us and other retail stores they can be quite pricey . I found a box thru Amazon Warehouse Deals for just over half what I would have paid and U get free shipping . I was worried because it says that they areused , but what I learned is that they are just Amazon returns . The box had a few dings , but the diapers were still in an un-opened box inside their plastic protection . Since I discard the box after I get it , I 'll take a damaged box to save money as long as the diapers inside have not been touched or tampered .
 The Pampers Baby Dry Diapers 228 Count is the best deal you can possibly get . There are none that even come close . Delivery was amazing it only took 3 days to arrive at my house . The diapers last more than a month you just ca n't beat that .
 I purchased our favorite diapers through the subscribe & save program -LRB- along w/coupon codes -RRB- and I could n't be happier ! I especially love that Pampers are very thin so I can fit more in my diaper bag . Not only do I love the diapers , being a mom of twins , the price was phenomenal ! It was also great that they were on the doorstep in 2 days and NO trip to the store . Love the whole experience !
 Works great as an overnight diaper . No leaks , so my baby does n't wake up wet and crying in the middle of the night .
 I have always used Pampers , love them ! This is a great value and so convenient not having to buy them at the store with two little ones at home . Even better with the subscribe and save offer !
 Have been using Pampers for over an year now . Just works ! Delivery is on time and can order just 2 days before your diapers run out . The only thing is the price is going up very often . If amazon needs to be the best seller , they need to have an edge over other vendors .
 I was using Pampers Swaddlers when my daughter was a newborn . I found that the baby dry diapers were cheaper than Swaddlers and decided to give them a try . They are not very soft like Swaddlers and are without the indicator strip but they are good and they leak occasionally when she wears them overnight . My daughter is 19 months old now . The shipping is amazingly fast and so I keep ordering them again and again . The price is less when compared to other shopping sites and in stores and it even goes down when Amazon have an e-coupon .
 Until my son reached 18-months , I had only used Huggies . Mistake , mistake . Pampers are awesome ! They protect from leaks better and seem to do an overall better job at night .
 The diapers work better than Huggies or Luvs for our boys . Will continue to buy Pampers . Pampers also controls smells better than some other off brand diapers we have tried .
 My daughter is 2 years old and we have always used Panpers . I may spend a little bit more but it is worth it for no leaks - ever !
 This is my baby 's favorite diapers.It fits very well and Flexes for a snug and comfortable fit.Ultra absorb core for outstanding leakage protection .
 these have been the only diapers our son will take ... never have any issues with them . . have tried every other major brand ... never a blow out ... Amazon 's subscribe and save plan makes this the best deal there is ... delivered right to our door step once a month ... ca n't beat it !
 I have a 9 month old little girl . The diapers are what we expected however they leak in the night .
 I have an active baby boy this is the only product keep him dry , thank u for good deals
 What can I say ? They 're diapers , they do n't leak , and the bulk buy makes them more affordable . Big win ! Would definitely recommend the Amazon Prime repeat shopping system . Very economical and saves unnecessary trips to the store .
 Our little one sleeps 11-12 hours through the night , and has been for awhile . I think these trump Costco , Huggies and Swaddlers for this length of time , and this much volume .
 We always love these diapers , they move well with our 14 month old and do n't spill . The large pack makes the price per diaper significantly less , and with shipping right to your door who could ask for a better deal .
 These diapers have worked great for my 10 month old . She has not had any leaks or blow outs yet .
 These diapers are great ! They arrived very quickly , and my daughter has had no rashes or irritations from them . Will definitely buy again .
 this is a good deal , it is way cheaper buying diapers and wipes on amazon . I will be continuing to buy diapers as a Amazon mom subscriper
 we use pampers and no complain at all . we are very satisfied with that . baby is very comfortable and no complain either .
 I am very happy with the Pampers Baby Dry product both in terms of cost and quality . It is of best price if bought from Amazon only . I would definitely recommend it to any new mom who is looking for suggestions .
 Amazon has the BEST products for less . We had been ordering the Pamper Diapers from Amazon since the birth of my son . Diapers are much less than those found in the stores . I strongly recommend this product for Parents to buy for their young ones .
 these diapers do maintain there shape and absorb exceptionally well . They last the night for my 9 month old granddaughter
 My son leaked all the time in Huggies naturals and snugglers . He has yet to have a leak or a blowout in these and we have been using them for about 4 months now . They fit him great and I recommend them to everyone . Just do n't pull the tabs too hard , my husband has ripped the tabs off more then once because he was too lazy to lift up our son to center his diaper ...
 We have found that these diapers keep everything inside when necessary and hold quite a bit . Now that my granddaughter is 2 , we do use a different diaper for nighttime . For daytime , these work out great . With the discount offered by Amazon , the price is better than I have found elsewhere .
 Subscribe and Save is the way to go with diapers . I had three diapers left from last month 's shipment when this month 's showed up . It is so worth not stressing over carrying a huge diaper box to your car while carrying a baby . And subscribe and save is considerably less expensive than ANYWHERE else for diapers . Great job Amazon !
 I 've been using the BABY DRY diapers -LRB- size 3 -RRB- since my little girl was 17 lbs . She 's now 22 lbs & 29.5 '' long and they still fit perfectly . I once accidently bought the size 3 with DRY MAX and was very dissapointed that they leaked .
 Affordability is the first thing that I look for when it comes to diapers and this jumbo box certainly provides that . With an economy box this big and at such a great prices with the Amazon mom 's S&S discount . These are great diapers , they absorb well , I have not encountered any leak issues I did when using Luv diapers . With Luv , it give my baby red deep marks around her waist and thigh , and many times leaks out from the back , but with the Pampers , I have never encountered these issues with the pampers . It actually helped me using fewer diapers because it seems to be holding more than the Luv ones . I highly recommend these to new mothers because although they are only a bit more expensive than the Luvs , but you change less , save time to clean , and the baby is more comfortable in these , so at the end , turn out to be the most affordable. : -RRB-
 What can you expect from Pampers ? Great quality and they do what they are designed to do ! Very happy with them . Just be careful on ordering to many , we just barely went through this 124 count order and then we moved up to the next size !
 These diapers are great . We used them with our son and did n't even think twice when our daughter was born .
 I will keep this short & sweet ... there is no other diaper that can compare to Pampers `` Baby Dry '' ! Please do not even think of trying an other diaper because you will be wasting your money and your time cleaning-up from any other diaper ! These Baby Dry diapers are a Blessing !
 Love these diapers !! After trying several different brands and dealing with the resulting leaks and diaper rash , we are now very loyal Pampers customers . They definitely have the best diaper on the market . : -RRB-
 Pampers are the best diapers and the only diapers I 'll use . I 've tried other brands and they do n't compare - even Huggies . Pampers are super soft and never leak .
 I 've been buying these diapers since my 1.5 year old was born . I briefly tried Luvs and Huggies and have found that these are so much better , softer , less leakage . Plus it 's a great value .
 After Pampers changed their pampers cruisers to dry max -LRB- which are horrible by the way -RRB- We 've switched to pampers baby dry ones and they do a adequate job . No leaks at night , I am happy with them .
 Using Baby Dry since we outgrew Swaddlers . Love them , they are cheaper then Cruisers , and still do perfect job !
 I really like these diapers - have been using them since he grew out of the Swaddlers -LRB- really like those -RRB- . Good diaper for the price .
 After pricing pampers at various stores Amazon offers the best deal . With free prime 2-day shipping I order once a month and save money plus no last minute running out for diapers .
 these are a slight step down from pamper 's swaddlers . but they 're a little better than cruisers . for the last 4 months or so we 've been using costco diapers during the day and baby dry at night . but recently we decided to just use baby dry all the time . these are quality diapers and very absorbent . you can immediately feel the difference between these and costco brand just holding them in your hand . it 's worth it even for a little bit more money . but with ` subscribe and save , ' free shipping and no tax , it 's a total no-brainer .
 We have been using Cruisers since the day my daughter came home from the hospital and had never had any problems . As she has grown , the price per diaper of the Cruisers started rising so I decided to be a little frugal and try the Baby Dry . I was very pleasantly surprised . They are great ; no leaks or accidents . I would definitely recommend these diapers . Great quality at a much better price .
 Switched to these after Pampers downgraded their Cruisers . They work very well for us , not to mention they are more affordable than Cruisers too .
 I 've tried all sorts of diapers from store brand to other national brands and these are the only diapers that do not leak and hold a lot . I think they are drier than the cruisers diapers and they are much cheaper than cruisers as well . I 've used pampers for all three of my children and I 'm getting ready to have twins and I will definitely be putting pampers on them as well . Amazon has the lowest prices on diapers -LRB- cheaper than diapers . com -RRB- and very fast shipping .
 These diapers are great , soft , and very absorbent . My baby has never leaked out of them and goes 12 hours at night with no leaks !
 Because these diapers are cheaper on Amazon and thinner than the Cruisers , I originally thought that they were Pampers `` economy '' line . But when my one-year-old daughter started leaking every night in her Cruisers , I went looking for an overnight diaper and found that these were the ones . What a difference ! We have never had a leak in the Baby-Dry diapers . In fact , the one night since buying these diapers that I had to go into my daughter 's room at 3:00 am and found that she had soaked through , when I took off her PJs , I saw that my husband had forgot to change her out of her Cruiser diaper before putting her down for the night.If you want to prevent nighttime leaks , these definitely work .
 I first used Pampers 11 years ago when my oldest was born . All other diapers gave her a rash and this was the only one her sensitive skin could handle . When our second one was born 10 years later I did try a few others but none of them worked as well as Pampers . We 're planning on having another soon and he/she will also have Pampers . They 're durable , hold up well and allow my baby to run and play with no problem .
 This is a great deal for diapers . It really fits my son when he was still on his first to third month . I highly recommend it .
 I have always used these diapers for my little one & was thrilled when I found a box that lasted a while .
 My son is currently in a size 3 diaper , but all size 3 diapers appear to be too tight . A friend of mine bought the Pampers Baby Dry size 3 and I will now not use any other diaper ! They are very `` roomy '' for my baby 's pudgy little legs and his comfort is most important to me .
 Provide more snug fitting than cruisers for my baby . However , I would suggest to use it during the day , and use cruisers at night for better absorption .
 The convenience of ordering diapers and having them delivered free in two days -LRB- with Prime shipping -RRB- makes me doubt I 'll ever go back to buying diapers at the store .
 These are very cute and colorful . My daughter loves to identify which Sesame Street character is on the diaper before putting it on . What I like about these diapers is the elastic in the tabs . They get a nice , snug fit without being too tight . The leak protection is also pretty good . We can go a couple of months without any containment issues -LRB- even when I see some dark stuff around the leg elastic -RRB- ! : - -RRB- Overall very good , but if you 're looking to save some money , the Luvs diapers are almost exactly the same but cost less . I used to use those , but I pay a little extra for the Pampers because my daughter likes Sesame Street & I think the absorption is marginally better , especially overnight .
 These diapers happened to be the best for my 2 years old son . Every time we switch to another brand - my boy gets a diaper rash or scratches -LRB- mostly from those `` green '' diapers -RRB- . After a few switching we came back to this one . Plus we collected those internal numbers and got 50 free prints from its web site .
 I always search for the cheapest name brand diapers and this is it !!! With the economy the way it is and the bigger the baby gets the less diapers you get this is great !!!! Affordable and they work great !!! I was using the cruisers but I needed to cut down my expenses so this helps some .
 These are good diapers and they work very well to keep our boy dry all night . He 's only leaked out of them a couple of times so I highly recommend these . We do n't have any girls yet so I ca n't say if they are any good but we 've had two boys and these diapers seem to work best for them .
 My daughter does n't complain , so they must be fine . Also , she prefers her diapers rather than wearing panties , so they must be good . Conversation
 Pampers Baby Dry are the only brand that * almost * without fail keeps my baby dry . My toddler still wears this brand and they usually last even throughout the night .
 Love Pampers ! We have been getting Pampers since she was born and plan to continue ! We do save and subscribe ! Great diaper and you save signing up to have them shipped !
 Yes I prefer the dry diapers in the pampers brand . The swaddled and cruiser is a little thich for my baby .
 I have used Pampers Baby Dry for all three of my children with great results . The Economy Pack Pampers are delivered to my front door every two months without fail . The price is great and I could n't be happier with the convienence .
 We tried Huggies when our son was born , and they just did n't cut it . Pampers have been consistently good to us , and we 'll continue using them as long as diapers are necessary . I do kind of wish that there was some kind of deodorizing feature because my son fills these things up and starts to smell like pee !
 It seems to be the most flexible and comfortable on my little one 's bum . The diapers do cost a few cents more than LUVs which seems to be the cheapest , but I still kept coming back to these because they are so well made.If you 're looking for some advice on other baby registry essentials , check out AllMomsArePerfect dot com . You 'll get the lowdown on what you really need and what you could save to buy later or avoid completely .
 We 've used both Huggies and Pampers and Pampers have always worked . We 've had issues in the past with Huggies leaking and bunching up . Pampers have always worked for us .
 had tried these when my little girl was in a smaller size and they leaked bad , but decided to give another try and they work great . they are super comfy too for my lil girl . if your baby is on verge of a bigger size i think these could easily leak and would get the bigger size up !
 I 've used these diapers since my daughter was two months old ... she is now 9 months old , and we 've never had a leaky diaper ! These are the best ! These are the only diapers that do n't leak overnight in our experience , and we 've tried a lot of different diapes . These were the winners !
 This is a great deal on the Subscribe & Save Program ! Not only do you get these delivered to your home but you additionally receive a 30 % discount by signing up for Amazon Mom . The diapers are great and we are extremely satisfied with the advantage of home delivery !
 What can I say ? When it works , it works . And when it comes in bulk with a savings , more the better .
 I like baby dry , it works great to hold pee , does n't leak on the side . good value . however , the back does n't hold stool too much , it flows out sometimes ; also it 's not soft as swaddlers . overall , it 's a good product , just need to be change more often .
 We only buy Pampers because of multiple incidents with Huggies and blowouts . The Pampers just feel like better quality .
 Our 13 month old wears 3 's during the day , but was leaking at night . These 4 's do the trick and keep her dry at night .
 soft and confortable.already recommended to a friend who began puchase this product 6 months ago.will recommend more friends
 My youngest is allergic to Huggies , I have n't had any problems with these . No blowouts/leaking . It 's cheaper here than at the grocery store with the bonus of not having to take it all the way from the car to the front door : p
 My daughter and her husband love this brand of diapers for my grandson . That is why we continue ordering them , he stays dry longer .
 I was n't exactly sure what to expect when I ordered the open open boxed pampers . I was pleasantly surprised that there was minimal damage to the box , nothing was was damaged to the diapers themselves . I will continue to use this option again and again .
 Bought for my Granddaughter as requested by her . Says help keep son dry and he has less problem with diaper rash .
 Pampers Baby Dry are our favorite diapers , we 've been together from size 1 to size 6 . The only reason why I 'm giving this product 4 stars is that within the last 6 months , nearly every box we receive contains few diapers with substandard closures < - the little flaps come right off once you pull them . -- On the other hand , we are very impressed with Amazon Mom - it delivers everything it promises , from savings to on-time-delivery .
 Great diaper at a great price . I am buying this box of daipers for under $ 30 bucks with subscribe and save from amazon . You can even changes sizes when your baby grows out of the current size . I have not been able to beat this price even with the cheap diapers!thanks amazon !
 These work great for my daughter although they seem to run a little small so she grows out of the sizes quick ! Leak-proof and she sleeps in them all night !
 By signing up for Amazon Mom and Amazon Price , I was able to get these at about 30 % off ! Amazing !
 These diapers have great absorbency.I do not change her diaper in the middle of the night -LRB- she sleeps 11 hours -RRB- and there are no leaks and no diaper rashes .
 There are more diapers in this box than you expect . We just switched to size 1 from Newborn . We were able to skip the next month 's shipment and maybe next month 's as well .
 These are the only brand that do not leak on my son . Sometimes he wakes up in the morning and he smells like urine , but the pee is NEVER outside of the diaper , however full it might get .
 These diapers are very good . I would have given it 5 stars if not for the tabs that easily breaks .
 It is great deal indeed and I do not have to worry about going to walmart any more for diapers at least .
 Great Pampers Swaddlers Diapers Economy Pack Plus Size 2 204 Count , Love pampers , even thought i do n't use it myself . My son does . he is 7 month old and up to size 4 now . . ^_^ Pamper rocks .
 I use these overnight for my twins and they are awesome ! I was wary at how thin they seemed but they rock at holding the urine . The diapers are heavy and full in the morning but the babies and their pajamas are dry . Great diapers !
 worth what you pay for saved lots buying big i will keep buying bulk when it comes to diapers thanks
 my baby stays dry and happy all the time i only use pampers especially the 222 count which is a real value
 Like most people we were originally given pampers in the hospital , I never would have bought them otherwise . I 've tried all the decently priced small brands & green brands but unfortunately none of them compare to pampers baby dry . They 've consistently held up through teething poops & 12hr nights . They 're now holding up during crawling , climbing & bouncing .
 Amazon is great , i always found the great product on a great price at Amazon.The product that i brought for my son `` Pampers baby dry diapers '' is very good.My Baby feels comfortabe with this product.Thank you AmazonAshish Mehta
 I am a mom to 7 kids with our 8th on the way . We have used pampers for years . We trust that they are the best and know from experience that it 's worth the money . They are gentle on skin and leak proof ! Do n't waste time trying any other diapers I have tried them all and nothing compares to pampers quality !
 This is my favorite diaper for my boys . They are absorbent and rarely leak . They are thin and soft and my boys are comfortable and dry in them . I would recommend them to anyone .
 I previously gave this shipper a 3 star rating based on the damaged box I received the pampers in . I must say the pampers themselves were sealed in plastic and in perfect condition , even though the box was damaged . After communicating with an officer of the company , I now realize that the shipper uses the original pampers box for shipping . By not inserting the original box in another box allows them to pass on the savings to their customer . Based on this , I would like to change my rating for this shipper from a 3 star to a 5 star . Their pricing was very good and they expedite shipping . Received merchandise quickly . Good vendor ...
 Best diaper ever - the other leak or our too noisy !! Do n't bother trying others !! These are the only ones that do n't leak through at night !
 I am using Pampers for my kids since 2005 when my elder son was born.Also tried Huggies but had couple of incidents when diaper leaked since then its Pampers and these are just great .
 Love it , simply the best diaper and comes in economic packages ! Afraid to try the dry max due to the diaper rash reviews
 Pampers are really good for baby 's skins they are soft and smooth . Pampers Sensitive are better than Baby Dry but they are more expensive .
 I have a 4 month and a 2 year old and pampers baby dry are the only diapers I use.I 've tried all different brands and styles but these are by far the best ! I never have a leakage problem ! I would n't use anything else . The price is great when you subscribe to Amazon mom and set up for delivery . I love it because I never have to remember to go to the store to purchase diapers and they always come at the right time . Oh did I mention that it arrives the next day after shipment . Love it ! Makes life a lot easier for a mother of two : -RRB-
 Great diapers . Sometimes they might leak thru -LRB- slightly -RRB- but not often . Overall , good diapers , good value , good quality and happy parents !
 These are the least bulky , most silky feeling of all the diapers we 've tried -LRB- and we 've tried them all . -RRB- My daughter LOVES Elmo and the Sesame Street characters on them , and they are as leakproof as any other brand .
 I absolutely love these diapers . They fit my son very well and are nice and thin . They are not bulky and they also contain the stinky poo smell nicely . They are a good quality and they do n't make much noise . I really love Pampers !
 In the year we have been using these , my son has never once soaked through . Not even over night . That speaks VOLUMES in this house !!!
 The Baby Dry work much better than the Cruisers at keeping my twins dry . They do n't have a problem with walking or crawling in them to need a different style . The Cruisers leak at night so these work better for us .
 Wonderful diapers and surprisingly received in 5 days . Usually shipments to Alaska take weeks but I received them in 5 days , what a pleasant surprise . Keep it up Amazon.com !
 These pampers are great . My son hasnt gotten any rashes and they hold lots of liquid . This price was a better buy for us than target brand diapers which were fine with him too . I also used cloth diapers as well so this big box really lasted .
 I have always used pampers and have never been disappointed . I never tried any other brand but once i had to get huggies . however , i thought huggies was more coarse and my baby was itchy and uncomfortable in it . I immediately moved back to pampers . Its soft and absolutely perfect for baby 's tender soft skin .
 We ordered these for our twin grandsons and we are very happy with the way they absorb wetness and keeping everythinginside and not on their clothing .
 In my opinion , pamper is better than huggies because pamper is softer . Pamper and huggies are both better than Luv because they can hold more .
 My daughter started to develop a rash after using Pampers Swaddlers Sensitive size 3 . She never had a problem before , but we tried Huggies Pure and Natural and they leaked !! These are fantastic . They fit her much better -LRB- she 's pretty short and slender -RRB- and they are so cute too ! Love that they 're thin and easy to pack in the diaper bag and much cheaper than the other Pampers . Only thing I miss is the line to indicate if they 're wet , but they 're so thin that it 's not too tricky .
 when you subscribe ! I recently subscribed to this product and it really does make a difference in price ! I recommend if you 've got little Pamper babies to just go ahead and subscribe to this product :-RRB- I saved a bit even with my first shipment ! HAPPY mommy !
 I always like Pampers . They are soft and gives good comfort for my baby boy.I highly recommend this product to everyone .
 As a new mom , I 've tried couple of different brands , , and Pampers is the winner . For this specific one , it 's great for the cost , but it does not come with wetness indicator ... which is something you can live without . . but the ones with it , help quite a bit . But ca n't complain when you have to change diaper like 12 + times a day , the cost comes as a big player in purchasing such items .
 I love Pampers Baby Dry diapers . They are less expensive than their Cruiser line , but work just as well . If your on a budget but still want to use Pampers , this is a great choice .
 I used Luvs for my first child . So I assumed it would be the same for our second . Boy was I wrong . Pampers are the ONLY thing that keeps breastfed stools inside .
 We had been using pampers cruisers since my babies birth until she was about 5-6 months old . Cruisers was not holding enough and leaked in the middle of the night as my baby grew older -LRB- even though we used to change it couple of times in the night -RRB- . Then I went to pampers website to just check if they had more information about there product offering . I found they had different kinds with different absorbency . And we though this one should be ideal and should keep the baby dry through out the note.and after reading numerous other good informative review on amazon we orders this . And thankfully it did the best job it could do ... . We went with pampers because of it 's soft material which was causing minimal rash to our babies skin compared to other diapers we tried for our baby .
 I 've been using Pampers Baby dry ever since my baby was 2 months old . She 's now 6 months old , and I am still very happy with this product , and at an affordable price , it 's even better . Thank you amazon.com and pampers : -RRB-
 Blow-outs . They happen . They manifest themselves quietly and explode from the sides , front , back or a wicked combination of the three . My little one started on Pampers from the hospital so I figured , without any rashes or reactions , why fix what is n't broken ? However , after coming across some concern/internet hoopla regarding the relatively new `` dry max '' chemical composition which resulted in some severe reactions in infants , I hopped over to the huggies brand which have not changed its formula for decades . Huggies have a nifty gusset in the back to contain blowouts which I liked . However , huggies left crystal-like jelly business on my little one 's bits . I decided to switch back to Pampers . I 've been folding the backs over a bit , a make-shift gusset if you will , and viola - it works . Great deal with the subscribe and save program . 2 day shipping is the cherry on top .
 We are very happy with this product , Pampers are so much better than other products , the price is fairly good as well , your delivery is superlative
 These are the Pampers that you know and love and you get alot of them for the price . One tip
 Amazon is a great place to buy pampers . Theyre cheap and the same quality as at the store . However , I had n't realized these were different then swaddlers . Not as soft but still got the the job done very well .
 I am so thrilled to be saving so much money on diapers ! Once again Amazon has answered the mommy prayers to make life a little easier !
 I purchased these for my sister in law 's baby shower and they were a big hit ! I made these adorable diapers into a 4 layer diaper cake and had plenty more to spare . I trust the pamper brand name and so I was glad that I was able to give her a functional and yet presentable gift . My family has always bought Pampers and I 'm glad we can continue this tradition with the next bundle of joy .
 It fits small so you have to buy one size up . Other than that it was perfect - very soft , no annoying smells and holds up a lot . Love it .
 We have triplets and we have tried a lot of different diapers and these are by far the best ones and what is even better is the price . We have two girls and a boy and never had leaks on either gender . We discovered that these worked for us pretty early on and I have stayed true to the pampers baby dry brand . In my experience these are what worked for us . We loved them ... but potty trained now !!!
 Have used these since our 1st child was born . The last couple months they started to have a distict smell . We moved to Huggies but the price from Amazon has moves us back . Thanks Amazon
 Pampers Baby Dry and Luvs have been our two go-to brands for our active little guy . For Newborn-thru-2 , Pampers were definitely our favorites . But once he hit size three , we 've gone with both of these numerous times ... and about the only thing we can say for sure is we like both better than Huggies !!! We did get one batch of Pampers about 3 months ago where the elastic tabs would sometimes break or come apart , but Pampers to their credit gave us a refund as well as some half-off coupons that we could use at the local Tarzjay ! Probably just a random bad batch or something -- no probs on the others.In the end , it really comes down to cost ... and if you compare Pampers vs. Luvs , Luvs ends up being a few cents cheaper per diaper . Given the way the Dems and Republicans are ruining the economy , every cent makes a difference . Hence the reason I 'm giving Luvs a 5-star and Pampers a 4-star rating -- both are excellent but Luvs are just a little cheaper !
 My twin girls are Pampers ladies . The Baby Dry fits and with the decreased SAPs compared to Dry Max whenever they have slight cases of diaper rash , it remains a slight case . If your kids get diaper rash when on antibiotics or other meds , then not having the higher concentration of SAPs helps their rears . Along with taking a probiotic of course . CHEAPEST place to get the best . ! It 's a no brainer . .
 Wonderful product at a great deal from Amazon.Babies will luv them.ALL stars . I am in for repeat orders for the Pampers diapers .
 I love this item !! Great value !! and they just show up at my door !! The cost per diaper is a GREAT savings ! and I do n't have the spend the gas and time to go out and buy them ! They show up at my door just when I need them !! LOVE IT !!!
 Great stuff . The delivery was just as per my need and as usual the product is great .
 These are great diapers ! I prefer Pampers over Huggies . With free shipping and no tax , I 've found that it 's cheaper to buy them on Amazon than at Target .
 I ordered two boxes of Pampers Baby-dry in the afternoon and they were sent to my house the next morning . I was so amazed by the shipping speed . Pampers diapers are thinner than Huggies , which are very good for summer .
 Now Baby dry size 3 is too small for my son , because he grows so fast . In the hot days he will continue to use cooler baby dry , size 4 . Hoever when it turns cool or cold in fall or winter , he maybe like other pampers diapers . I think the cruise pampers dipers will be good one for him at that time .
 I absolutely love these diapers ! My daughter is 13 months old now and I can not think of more than 1 or 2 times these have ever leaked . Even when she sleeps through the entire night and wakes up soaked , they hold an enormous amount of liquid!I tried the cruisers once , now that my daughter can run around , but I like the baby dry still . I find that the stretchy waistbands allow the diaper to fall down when she 's active , but maybe that 's not the case with everybody . Since these are looser around the stomach they also seem more comfortable , and my daughter does n't rip them off immediately like some of the other stretchy brands .
 I 've used pampers with both my boys and they 're wonderful , no leaks , last thru the night and they love the disigns .
 Pampers are our sole brand in this house . They fit the best and they hold the best . That 's all the really matters to me .
 I want to say , with this price , I think this is pretty good diaper . feels good and do the job !
 I recommend these to everyone . Never any leaks even when sleeping through the night and thay are sush a good deal !
 it is a good diaper , because it is reasonable price , good quality , comfortable for baby , over all i can say good diaper .
 No complains , no leakage , and very comfortable for my kid . They remain dry for long hours . My son is now almost 2 years , since beginning we are using this brand .
 It stay dry & good for baby . it wo n't have diaper rash anymore ! Me & baby love it very much !
 These fit my son nicely . He weighs 29 pounds . They soak up and hold a good amount of tinkle at night .
 Great Quantity or our needs . The best &#34; bang for our buck &#34; Will look into getting the next size when we need them
 I Bought Pampers Baby Dry Size 3 Economy Pack plus 222 count . They were as described at an unbelievable price ... This is where I buy diapers . Shipping is fast and for a very busy mom ordering diaper value packs is the way to go . And I did compare prices before I bought them and by far Amazon had the best Pampers for the price . They are wonderful and have my business for life ! I actually order from amazon all the time and I have never had a problem . I love them !!!!!
 With Pampers , you know what you 're getting - a durable mess catcher . By buying this with Subscribe & Save & Amazon Mom Discount , you will be paying less than you will in any brick & mortar store , and you do n't have to worru about carrying it home .
 We love Pampers Baby Dry ! My son is slim and these fit perfectly ! We never have any leakage problems unless we give him too much to drink before bed time and do n't tighten his diaper . I love how thin these diapers are , and I can fit a lot in our diaper bag . I love these !
 Ive been using baby dry on my daughter ever since she could n't use swaddlers anymore -LRB- after size 2 -RRB- . For sizes 3 & now 4 , I switched to baby dry to avoid the dry max on cruisers . These are wonderful ! No diaper rash , no leaks , no issues ! Also great prices on Amazon w / Amazon Mom and Subscribe to Save options .
 The Pampers Baby Dry Diapers perform very well with regard to waste retention , baby-comfort , and fit . I believe our new grandson benefits from these qualities and my daughter -LRB- his mother -RRB- concurs . Amazon Prime made rapid delivery and value a given as usual .
 Best diapers I 've used , and I 've tried almost every type . They are super soft against your babies skin , and I never worry about blowouts !
 I have tried the cheaper kind of diapers and it just is n't worth it ! Pampers are the way to go . For newborns I use the swaddlers and for my 1 year old and older toddler I use the baby dry . Nothing bad to say ... and if you purchase on amazon you usually get the best deal -LRB- try the subscribe & save options -RRB- .
 I was so happy with these diapers . The box lasted for a lot longer than what I actually thought it would . The diapers are amazing and do really well with holding in leaks and messes . They are super absorbant and have really cute sesame street designs on the front . I was impressed with the overall shape , fit , and look of the diaper and will be purchasing more . I am recently new to buying diapers off of Amazon ; however , with the savings , variety of options , and having it delivered to my door , it just ca n't be beat !!
 We started our baby with cheap store brand diapers , which were really just ok . After several months of washing clothes and bed sheets due to leaks we tried papers . Holy cow . What a difference . We have n't had a single leak in over a month now using papers . We 'll never go back . The extra price is with the time and energy saved .
 I purchased these primarily for the price , but they are a decent diaper . I am using them for my newborn who requires frequent changes . She has had no leakage so far . Overnight , which so far is a max if 4-5 hours , they hold the urine well . They do not blow up when saturated like some other diapers do . I would buy again , especially with the subscribe and save . Great deal !
 This box has 246 diapers in it , and it 's a VERY large box . It has 3 of the packs of diapers in it , and each pack as the Gifts for Grow points for moms that do that . I love Pampers , I 've never had a leak or a spill over . : PFor the price , you ca n't beat this box !!
 I found that these baby dry diapers hold up well during the night for my son . They are not as soft as pampers cruiers , but work great . I found amazon to be the best price around , -LRB- are they were shipped right to our door ! -RRB-
 I 've always loved Pampers diapers and found these to be a great deal - especially when coupled with Amazon Mom and the subscribe and save option . However , now that my daughter is in size three , we found that we needed night-time diapers for her to wear to bed . She leaked through these quite a few times . Once we got the bedtime diapers , I loved these diapers for daytime . They 're not too bulky and wear really well .
 Dear curious buyer , I am going to tell you my description of what i think about the LUVS diapers with ultra leakguards vs the PAMPERS baby dry . My son , who is now 2 months old , is alittle small for his age . he still fits into size 1 diapers comfortably . There is no difference between pampers and luvs when it comes to holding in the urine - BUT when it comes time for my little baby to make a little poo-poo , it ends up becoming a mudslide -LRB- pardon the graphics -RRB- with LUVS , yet pampers holds all of it in the diaper . Not only that , I noticed that after two weeks using exclusivley LUVS , my baby developed red areas all over his toosh and pelvic areas . When I made the switch to Pampers , those marks gently faded away -LRB- about three days later -RRB- . Needless to say , I sent the complaint to LUVS and they are in the proccess of refunding me for the purchase -LRB- they have a money back guarantee -RRB- . But I got stuck with over 100 unused diapers that I would n't give away -LRB- just because i would feel bad for the person I gave it to , and i do n't want to cause anyone else 's child to have a rash , or even worse - a mudslide episode while shopping at Babys R us ! -RRB- Therefore , before you buy a large economy pack of diapers , if you 're considering any other brand of diapers , spend the extra dollar or two and buy the pampers brand . Trust me , with PAMPERS , you ca n't go wrong .
 It is better to buy in bulk like this than the small one . I saved a lot of money and didn ' y worry to run out of diaper anytime soon .
 We are very satisfied with the monthly subscription . I do n't have to worry about running out and running to the dreaded Walmart or Miejer . Instead I can order and the shipment arrives in a few days . The prices are much better than local stores too .
 These diapers absorb well and are n't too bulky . They 're not as soft as the cruisers , but that 's okay . Now , and this goes for all diapers/sizes -LRB- Pampers -RRB- , if only they were longer in the ` elastic leg area ' ... ie they 're bulky/spacious/long enough in the crotch area , but where you close them with the tape , the length is short . So , if you 're borderline-next-size-up , your child 's legs get pinched because the leg hems are too short . I always cut a little slit in each leg area when my daughter gets a little too big for the current size but would still be swimming in the next size up . That notwithstanding , I still prefer these diapers over all others that I 've tried .
 I was n't sure how good these would be , but wow when my son filled the first one I was impressed -LRB- and he really filled it up , I mean like a pro -RRB- . They did n't leak one smidgen and they did the job perfectly . Personally I am thinking the next time I have to go on a long road trip I will shove a couple of these into my pants and go , no need for a restroom break -LRB- these things must have been developed by NASA -RRB- . The only draw back is that once filled you have to take them off and clean the baby and put a new one on , if you are married you might be able to sucker your spouse into doing it . I was really hoping that Pampers would have found a way to have these things be self cleaning , kinda like my oven although that might burn the baby . But who knows the way technology is advancing it is only a matter of time . One other thing to be aware of , is that some people will try to sell these used , in my experience its not a good buy even if they cost way less , live and learn live and learn.I would recomend these to anyone with a baby who poops in his or her pants . Saves a lot on the laundry .
 I had this product sent as a gift for a new mom . I requested a gift tag be placed on the gift . For some reason the gift was just left on the front porch with no tag , address label , or anything .
 AGain buying in bulk online has saved me $ $ I love that amazon offers mom 's a discount with subscription to products !! REpeat customer .
 I recently just switched to pampers from huggies . I have to say that I prefer pampers . My little boy gets less blow outs and the diapers seem to hold more liquid so he does not seem to wake up completely soaked . I also prefer the smell of pampers compared to huggies .
 Prior to joining Amazon moms , I would scour the store ads trying to find ANY diaper on sale for less than 17 cents/diaper . After joining Amazon moms and subscribe & save , as well as using an Amazon on-line coupon , we pay less than 12 cents per diaper . These diapers work perfectly for our son . Great fit , no leaks , no rash . I love the light scent of baby powder and our little guy loves seeing the different Sesame characters . Highly recommend Pampers Baby Dry .
 pampers are def the best diapers ever . tried a whole bunch of others but nothing holds like pampers do . so happy not to have to change clothing any more along with wet diapers
 I 've been using Pampers diapers since my son was in the hospital , and I 've always been happy with their product . My favorite are the Swaddlers Sensitive that have the wetness indicator , but the Baby Dry products have been great as well . I have had occasional leaks out of the back of the diaper , but this generally occurs when he is getting too big for the current size , and once I switch to the next size up I do n't experience leaks . Wish that they were more affordable , it 's near impossible to buy everything I need for my family these days , and the high cost of diapers is definitely making things harder .
 reliable - they always work - ... not much more to say ... just trying to fill up the eight words required
 As a mom & pediatric nurse , the pampers baby dry are by far my go to diaper . They are able to be worn overnight for 12-14 hours with no leaks . My child has never had a diaper rash from these either . There have been times when I 've tried other brands & always come back to the baby dry . In addition , I use the amazon mom which makes things very easy with quick delivery .
 After 5 kids , we used all kinds of diapers . While some store brands were less than expected , Pampers , Huggies , and Luvs were the ones that performed the best . As long as it holds in what it 's supposed to hold in , I could care less what they looked like !
 We have used many different kinds of diapers for my 24 month old grandson but these are the best by far . They do not leak and work very well for his age !
 Works for us - lowest price we 've been able to find ANYWHERE , and my husband is seriously one of those ` research everything before you buy it ' kinda guys .
 We tried Huggies on our son and found that it caused him to break out in a rash . So , we switched back to Pampers and again have had no issues !
 Not sure what else to write about this other than it works for my son . No leaks whatsoever . Holds pee in pounds - I am exaggerating but I 've been lazy getting up in the middle of the night and left him with his diaper -LRB- I obviously do n't do this often -RRB- . Come morning the darn thing is so full and no leak ! So , hey , got to give them credit for it . Also , the waist band is really soft so in case someone puts the waist too tight it would n't put red marks . We did switch from Huggies when he was about 4 months . We noticed a thick layer of material around the back area of the waist . Not sure what that was for but it put a mark on his waist back side . It is a thin layer but you could feel it with your hand .
 I love the pampers baby dry . I have 2 sons in diapers , so we go through A LOT of diapers ! We have tried every brand on the market , store brands , big name brands , ALL of them . There are other brands that worked as well but these are the most economical of the bunch . My kids stay dry through the night , no leaks , they are soft so I feel like my kids are comfortable . I ca n't say enough good things about these .
 I love baby dry diapers . They keep my daughter dryer for longer which is wonderful . Also between my Amazon prime discount , and the subscribe and save I got a really nice price on the diapers , which I could never find in the store . These and Luvs are the only two diapers that we have never had a leaking problem with . Highly recommend these diapers and AMAZON Subscribe and save .
 Subscribe and save has been one of the best things in my life as a mom . Pampers arrive on time , they are great quality and do n't leak . I 've never had a problem with them .
 We used these for our older son and our now using them again . We feel like they have less of a &#34; pee &#34; smell than some of the other brands . -LRB- Sorry that is gross , but there is no other way to say it ! -RRB- Good absorbency , soft , reliable .
 I saw that I get to write a review for diapers and jumped on it.Everyone has a brand and opinion . Shy of using brown paper bag diapers or the organic cloth diapers -LRB- which actually harm the environment more than these diapers due to laundering -RRB- , all diapers will serve their purpose . If they are cheap , you change them more frequently . The gal that said her child 's clothes get soiled easily , might want to change them more often . We 've had mishaps with even the best of diapers.Bottom line , whether its number one or two , Pampers Dry will do ! Even better if you have Prime membership .
 I tried Swaddlers , Huggies Snug N Dry and this one .1 . Huggies and Baby Dry are functionally equivalent but not as good as swaddlers . This one is softer than Huggies .2 . Not as good and leak proof as Pampers Swaddlers.Verdict
 use them everyday . . found them to be equal to the kirkland brand from costco . . also price comes out to the same almost.I would stick with pampers for size 2 and under just because they have that yellow line mark showing when you need to change it . but in older kids like size 3 you dont need it ... anyways we use pampers or kirkland and we switch the size up when we see couple episodes of leaking from the sides ... following the weights on the box was not very helpful . each kid is different . -------------------- If you fine my reviews helpful please mark it as so . . Thank you .
 The Pampers Baby Dry are the BEST diapers we 've found . No more leaks in the middle of the night makes for one happy baby !
 I used this brand since my kid was born ... I love this brand ... it protected the kid well and feels good !
 have n't found a better deal anywhere for this quantity of diapers will keep purchasing these diapers through amazon every time .
 Love the Pampers Baby Dry ! Definately keeps our little one 's bottom nice and dry ! They are very soft and very obsorbant ! Will buy these again and again ! Love Pampers !
 I do n't remember the Baby Dry being like this before , but they feel like that dry max stuff . It feels like she 's soaking wet and squishy after the tiniest bit of urine hits the diaper . I much prefer the other high cost brand that does n't cost as much !
 This product came when promised and works perfectly . Really happy with everything . We are really enjoying it !! There really is n't more to say than what I have already been said . Happy with product and where it was purchased from .
 These diapers fit my thin son wonderfully . He is extremely active and the Velcro on his diapers sticks through it all . Excellent product and particularly convenient on the mail system .
 good product at good price and good experience through amazon.comLooking forward to order every month for my son and daughter .
 I am very satisfy with this product and I would recommend this product to my friends when they have babies .
 This is the best price we have found so far . By the time you use amazon mom and subscribe and save you save quite a bit of money . Plus you do n't have to drive . We have never had any leaks or blowouts with these diapers and they fit our daughter well
 We 've tried all different brands for our two sons - Pampers , Huggies , Luv 's , Store Brands and we always come back to Pampers . The Cruisers are a great line but for the money , we 've had a lot of luck with the Baby Dry Line . Combined with S&S and Amazon Mom with the occasional clipped coupon - you can score some decent deals for the baby dry 's versus purchasing them locally . Knock on wood - we 've not experienced any leaks or blow-outs . We 've tried other lines but have always had issues - the pampers seem to fit our sons the best -LRB- of course , YMMV -RRB- .
 Great deal !! They arrived in less time than quoted to my door ! You just ca n't go wrong with Pampers and I am loving Amazon !! : -RRB-
 I really like these diapers . They fit my little lady just right and only leak if they get really really full or if she 's laying in a strange position . I do prefer the diapers with the wetness indicator , but they do n't have value packs that are this large . Overall , I am very satisfied with these diapers . I like them ten time better than huggies !
 I bought these diapers simply because it will save me money . And now I do n't have to waste gas going to the store for only diapers . As long as the price stays the same I will be more than happy to keep buying my diapers this way .
 Though I ordered a size 2 , I received a size 4 ... which was discovered a bit too late when I opened the ONLY diapers packed for our week long trip to a national park -LRB- in other words , no shopping in sight -RRB- . Upside
 I 'm a single mom and make very little money , so typically Pampers would be an extravagant purchase for me . But with Subscribe and Save , I ca n't even buy Walmart 's generic brand for that price . I love Pampers . They are soft and very absorbent . I always put my son in a size larger then he probably should be , so they fit nice and I 've never had an issue with diaper rash . If you are trying to decide between Pampers or Huggies , go with Pampers .
 These are the only diapers we will ever use . They are great now that our little guy is running around and dont leak if he wears them overnight .
 This is the best price for any diaper we 've found , even at warehouse stores . Some have said they drip . We have n't had that happen even when our baby boy has a big blow-out . It seems to hold it in . Absorbs the pee really well too . Love these diapers .
 We have been using Pampers Baby Dry diapers on my 16-month old daughter pretty much since birth . We used Huggies Swaddlers in the beginning , but since those are not available in larger sizes , we switched to Pampers Baby Dry . My daughter drinks a LOT of water throughout the day and pretty much right up until bedtime , and these do a great job at preventing leaks overnight . I am giving 4 instead of 5 stars because I ca n't say they prevent 100 % of leaks , there have been some mornings that she wakes up with wet jammies , but they do better than most other diapers we have tried .
 Excellent deal ! Buying diapers can get real expensive ! I usually dont buy this brand but , the price couldnt be beat ! It 's always great to save money on essentials !
 this is so good . I love this . very convenient and useful . I especially like the price and the color of the it .
 These diapers say &#34; used &#34; in the description , but that just refers to the outer box/packaging being slightly crushed or torn . The diapers themselves and the inner sealed plastic they are in are absolutely fine . This is a significant savings off of in store prices for the same amount of diapers . The quality of the diaper is also good . The diaper is cut a little wider than some other brands , which is nice for taller , larger children . We had some problems with leaking when our child was in a lower size , but realized the weights for children overlap in Pampers sizes ; switching to the next size up solved the issue .
 My daughter occasionally collects a little bit of residue from the diaper down there , but for the most part it 's clean , does n't deteriorate , and holds a lot of water .
 Works good , helps with leakage and at a good price . I have used these for my other son who is 5 now , pampers is a brand I have always trusted .
 Hate washing the bed when Juniors diaper leaks ? Yeah so do I . So you know what , Ill spend a few bucks more and go with proven protection . No more leaks , a dry bed everyday , and money saved on water detergent and time , and even though my time might not be highly valued by most , it is by my kids ... so less time at the washer means more time on the floor playing with them !
 I have no problem with these diapers on my child , however , I wish I had ordered a smaller size because he happened to transition to size 3 shortly after this purchase . Just bad timing . Otherwise , great product !
 I love Pampers diapers but hate the price . I always buy Pampers for use overnight because they are one of the few brands of diapers that my son does n't leak out of overnight .
 I had always used Huggies on my first daughter because they worked and I did n't really see a need to try anything else . We had debated trying other diapers but she had sensitive skin so we just stuck with what worked . Then my second daughter came along and with two in diapers -LRB- my girls are just 17 months apart -RRB- I started trying to do more to save money . My younger girl pees a LOT and we were having a lot of problems with leaks . Not a major issue but I was getting tired of having to change crib sheets and hated that she was waking up with wet pj 's every morning . So , we started trying out other diapers . Pampers were on sale on Amazon at the time and with the subscribe & save discount plus the Amazon mom discount there was a big difference in price between Huggies and Pampers . So I went ahead and bought the giant box and crossed my fingers that my daughter would n't be allergic to them or something . I 'm so glad I did because these diapers are AWESOME ! Some people 's reviews made me worry because they said that Pampers were for long , skinny babies which my girl is NOT . She 's a short , chunky girl with rolly-polly legs and a Buddha belly . But these diapers are phenomenal . Since we made the switch I have n't had to change any sheets because of her peeing through the diaper . They last a full 12 , sometimes 13 hours with out leaking . And no problems with # 2 either . Since my daughter is such a chunk we do keep her in the larger size of diapers -LRB- there 's an overlap where they can wear , for example , both size 2 's and size 3 's and my girl needs to go in the bigger size -RRB- but that has been the case with all the brands we 've tried . Nothing else absorbs remotely as much liquid.And for the people who complain about some gel being on their babies from the diaper , that is perfectly normal if you leave them in a super wet diaper for too long . It 's the absorbent gel from inside the diaper and sometimes the liner can burst and ooze out . You just wash it off with water and move on with life . Nothing is wrong with the diapers and it wo n't hurt your child if they do n't typically have a reaction to the diapers . I let my daughter wear a regular diaper when she played in the pool one day and after she got out she had the gel on her but it did n't hurt her.But these are great diapers . They fit well . They 're shaped great . They even have a fresh scent to them when you open the box . And right now they 're way cheaper than Huggies on Amazon . I fully recommend them !
 i love pampers , never had to deal with diaper rash when i use pampers products . swaddlers is amazing for newborns .
 These diapers are GREAT ! They fit perfectly on my baby , they do n't leak and my son can move around in them , they are not restricting at all !
 Since our daughter was born , we used only Pampers diapers . They cost a little bit more than the `` generic '' ones , but you get what you pay for . They fit well and no liquid ever `` dripped-out '' of them . Go with Pampers and you can not be wrong .
 Initially I wrote `` After buying the 234 count pkg , I bought the 276 count economy as I was so impressed with Pampers . Finally we opened the package this weekend , and found that the diapers in this package were different from the ones I previously used . I was thinking maybe Pampers changed it as this maybe better . I wanted to give it a try at least . . for the past week , I have one case of poop leaking out of it everyday . Suspicious I checked the diaper after baby had pee 'd on it , it has the wettiness feeling to it unlike the previous Pampers I used . No wonder the price was cheaper for this economy package ... wish Amazon had clarified it before I ordered . There is no way of knowing from just looking at the packaging because they look exactly alike . `` After experiencing leaks and wettiness of the diaper for the first couple of weeks , the diaper has been doing quite well for us . My wife thinks those leaks were just accidents and could have happened even with the Swaddlers we previously used . So I have now changed my negative opinion of this product . I do n't think I did justice by posting a negative review .
 Pampers baby dry are the best diapers available . They are softer than any other brand & provide excellent leak protection . I would n't have my daughter in anything else .
 I 've never had a problem with this product before , and enjoy the wide selection and deep discounts from Amazon Mom very much . The only problem was that I specifically requested a shipping date when I knew that we would be home . Amazon shipped the diapers early , which appears to be `` convenient '' , but was not . We were out of town , and did not want our diapers shipped when we could not be home to collect them . They come in a bright green/blue Pampers box , which makes it easier for them to be stolen . Amazon , please honor the requests of shipping dates .
 I 've tried several different brands of diapers over the last year and let me tell you that hands down Pampers brand is the best . When my son would sleep with Huggies overnight -LRB- meaning at best four hours straight -RRB- the bed would be wet in the morning . This never happens with Pampers . Their diapers are so absorbent ... I love it !
 These pampers are okay overall , but had one incident where in the morning after my son woke up with full diaper , the cotton in the diaper seemed like it was melted . small , wet pieces of cotton all over the baby 's stomach and bottom .
 papers would have been great but the wrong size . They were automatically sent and by the time I received them my son out grew them .
 I tried many different brands and found pampers baby dry to be the best . keeps my baby 's skin dry even overnight . Great value .
 I find these to be terrific diapers . They fit well , and rarely leak .
 I have found that you ca n't beat Amazons Pampers prices and the best thing is that they show up on my door step often in less than a week !!!!!!!! No tax and no shipping.I buy all of my diapers from Amazon . The only down side is that I have n't figured out if or how to use manufactures coupons on Amazon 's site for even greater savings but the deals are as good as it gets .
 I have found that you ca n't beat Amazons Pampers prices and the best thing is that they show up on my door step often in less than a week !!!!!!!! No tax and no shipping.I buy all of my diapers from Amazon . The only down side is that I have n't figured out if or how to use manufactures coupons on Amazon 's site for even greater savings but the deals are as good as it gets .
 Great product for a great price . I love how flexible and absorbent these diapers are .
 These are great diapers , we had no leaks or tabs breaking off before the diaper was put on . Great price plus free ship !
 My wife and I are very humble , modest people . We do n't need anything flashy , and will never pay for a name when generic is good enough . One area this has n't applied to us , is diapers . We tried a very cheap generic brand from a major retailer , and we had numerous problems with our son leaking often - -LRB- and my wife is religious about 2 hour changes -RRB- . We also had a consistent problem with our son getting a rash often . We made the decision to try some Pampers after receiving a coupon for them , and the result was nothing short of impressive.Pampers makes a very good quality diaper in our opinion . We have tried about 4 different brands , with 3 of the 4 being name brands , and these by far are the best . Worth every penny , especially when you get deal . Very rare leakage , no rashes , and big smiles from the parents . What more do you want ? : - -RRB-
 This is great dela because you save almost $ 8 on this box if you were to purchase 2 boxes at the store . Now we have diapers for twice as long for less money ! Will buy again for sure !
 These work okay , but no elasticity in the back . I like Huggies better , but a good friend of mine swears by these .
 Hi , I 'm a firsttime mom , have a 4 month old girl , have only used pampersdiapers because of there reputation . the first month swaddlers and after baby dry . She only gets breastmilk so her poops are fluid . I am very satisfied with these diapers . In the 4 months there have been a couple of `` poopleaks '' mostly up the back , and always when the diaper was n't puton right or it had to be changed al ready and mostly when she was in laying in my arms -LRB- half reclined with a bent back -RRB- while eating . . She is 7kg now and still has some of the size 2 , so I change her after every feed -LRB- about every 3-4 hours -RRB- or if she had a poop . at night I sometimes skip a change if the diaper still has `` room '' left.when she was about 3 I could leave her in a diaper for the night , sometimes 9-12 hours stress without any problems , but as she got bigger I guess she pees more per time so I change more often . I think it will be better once I switch to size 3 . There have been days that I left the diaper on too long and she poops and I look at the diaper thinking this will explode !!! ... never happend ... neather leaked !! that 's way the 5 stars . I have seen what it can do.The diaper is really very very soft , has a very very faint babypowdersmell ... I would wear it myself . She has never had a diaperrash.I 'm very picky when deciding what to buy ... I believe there is only 1 the best . . for my girl for now this is it . It may change once she poop get firmer ... if my opinion changes I 'll update you in a couple of months.As I buy the diapers at amazone.com and with save and subscribe . . I get a realy good bargain . about 30 $ a box of 204 diapers size 3 !!!! . good luck.Update : Now at 7 months , wearing the size 3 , she 's 8.5 kg , I had a couple of urineleaks in the night . never had them before , it suddenly started . She would be in one diaper from bathtime -LRB- 19.30 -RRB- till mornig -LRB- ~ 9am -RRB- without problems before , but recently started leaking badly . And a midnight diaperchange always wakes her up . . so now I use a size 4 + -LRB- 7-18kg -RRB- specially for the night and the size 3 for daytime and it works like a charm . other then this ... still perfect diapers to me .
 Pampers are SOOOO much better than Huggies in my opinion ! And with Amazon 's Subscribe & Save , I can get them so much cheaper than anywhere else . This is a great buy , I would definitely recommend it to anyone . I recommend Amazon for everything !
 My baby is 8.5 months old , 23 + pounds , and growing like a weed . We 've always used Pampers diapers on her , along with Huggies and other brands . For the Pampers , the only time we ever had blowouts was when we were careless when tighting the diaper . Otherwise , the diapers worked well at keep everything inside . She goes around 12 hours every night in a single diaper . By the morning time , the diaper is heavy as could be , but Pampers have never leaked.I give it 4 stars because in 8.5 months , two Pampers diapers have ripped open during the night . On the first occasion , the absorbent gel covered almost all of my baby 's belly . Scared me because initially I had no idea what it was . The second time it happened was months later and was n't as bad . I 'm not the type to run to the hills when something like that happens on occasion , so we still use the diapers and are very pleased .
 This is the best diaper I have found next to the old Pampers Cruisers . They are not as soft as I 'd like and they do n't have a liner like I 'd want , but they do n't leak even after a 12 hour night with my heavy wetter . They are more economical than the new Pampers Cruisers and I think probably a better diaper overall anyway .
 These diapers are excellent ! They keep my baby dry even overnight and absorb and turn fluids into a gelatinous material that does n't spill . They have a tight seal at the thighs and enough elasticity to allow her to crawl without coming off . They 're soft and are very gentle on baby 's skin . My baby has never developed diaper rash since she 's been wearing these . I ca n't recommend them enough .
 I have twin granddaughters . We were extremely please with the Pampers Swaddlers until the formula was changed and the dry max was added . The girls ' skin reacted poorly to the new formulation . So the hunt was on for a replacement . The Baby Dry does not have the new formulation ... as long as it is not changed we will continue to use the baby dry !!! . The diapers are roomy and fit well and there have been no leak incidents . We long for the day that dry max goes away !!!!!!!!!!
 As a somewhat compulsive person who likes to try everything , I sampled almost every diaper . At this point , my 14-month old son is only pooping twice a day and peeing a lot at various times throughout the day . This is the best all around diaper since it can hold a little more in case you ca n't change your baby as soon as they need . I tried the new Pampers Cruisers with the dry max which are better than the old Cruisers but not as good as Baby Dry . While baby dry says it can go 12 hours there is a point where I feel like they may explode and it 's still better to go with the Baby Dry Extra Protection for overnight . While I really like the feel of Huggies diapers , they seem to release little bits or balls of cotton or something that I find disturbing .
 We 're VERY happy with these diapers . I tried everything from Huggies to Costco brand and even Pampers Cruisers . We 're on the last pack -LRB- of 3 -RRB- from this box of Baby Dry and not even one diaper has leaked so far ! I have a whole box of Huggies left that I 'm trying to use up before they get too small for my daughter , but there 's usually an accident after every other one of those . Pampers Baby Dry are very light diapers and the cotton filler feels almost clothlike - very unlike any other diaper I 've used . The sides are nice and stretchy so they do n't make any marks on my daughters legs or tummy like other diapers can -LRB- in order to make sure they do n't leak I was putting them on tighter and this caused the markings on her legs -RRB- . DEFINITELY have become an exclusively Baby Dry customer from now on . We ordered from Amazon and they arrived within 3 days from order date to front door . Awesome diaper , fast service ... go amazon !
 I have tried every brand of diapers imaginable and always go back to Pampers . They fit the best and offer solid leak protection . My advice to new time moms is to save your time and money and go with a brand that works .
 I only buy Pampers brand diapers , they 're the best . There 's a reason we call diapers ` pampers ' !!!
 My recent purchase of pampers for my grant baby was great . The product arrived in time and I think it is a great way to buy stuff from amazone . I buy a lot of things from them .
 This is such an excellent deal , they were here very quickly and I saved so much money
 Pampers diapers are very absorbant and fit my babies well . The only thing that I wish Pampers would change is to take the scent off the diapers . Huggies are n't scented , and I prefer them because of that . My babies have gotten rashes because of the perfume .
 I had been buying Huggies diapers until I ordered size 3 , which when opened were the same as size 2 . I switched to Pampers and the sizing has been consistant.They are also a better fit for a chubby baby and do not leak .
 Our baby was started on Pampers Swaddlers when he was born , and as he has grown , we have stuck with the brand to great success . Pampers Baby Dry diapers are thin , easy to open , and very absorbent . They are very easy to apply one handed , which is virtually a necessity as baby gets older and more mobile.We have very few leaking incidents with these diapers . Any leaks that have happened are usually due to the diapers not being put on properly . I have found that as long as we take our time when putting them on , they do n't leak . They are also very absorbent . Our baby is a very active diaper filler , and these diapers can usually hold several hours and all night.Compared to the other diapers that we tried in order to save money -LRB- Huggies , Luvs , etc -RRB- , these diapers work the best and with the subscribe and save program , are a great value as well .
 We 're huge fans of Pampers . We started ordering on Amazon when we saw a flier in Parents Magazine to sign up for the Amazon Mom program . We chose Subscribe and Save and receive a case of diapers delivered to our front door once a month ... at 30 % off . Way less expensive than any other place I 've seen . We 're thrilled with the diapers , we never run out , and no more late runs to the store because we 're down to 2 diapers . : -RRB-
 The pampers diapers that I get delivered to my house from Amazon are terrific . They work for both of my children who are 2 years old and 11 months . They are very absorbent and fit my children nicely I would reccommend these diapers to anyone .
 I was very pleased with the timing of receiving the product and pleased also with the product itself.Satisfied !
 My husband and I have had a few issues with our little darling over filling her shorts . We wake up at 1 am to change her as she sleeps through the night . Now it 's smooth sailing no leaks happy baby happy mom . Little saggy when she 's crawling around .
 Have tried all diapers . My boys leak out of all except these baby dry pampers , did n't try the cruisers since they are more expensive . It should say something since all the hospitals I work t use pampers . Swaddles are best for new babies and baby dry from then on out . Amazon has great prices . Love when you have amazon mom and the extra coupon from parenting magazine
 My son seemed to be peeing out his diaper nearly every night before these diapers . They work great and they really stop leaks for 12 hours -LRB- almost exactly -RRB- . I like that this package comes with 222 diapers ... that 's more than the Swaddlers size 3 . One thing that drives me crazy -LRB- it 's not a huge deal , just fakes me out -RRB- is that there are two yellow stripes or spots at the bottom of the leg holes that I mistake for poop nearly every time I check . I 'm not sure what they were thinking with that design idea .
 I love Pampers diapers and have used them with all four of my kids . They do n't leak and they feel soft . This is the best price around for Pampers . You ca n't go wrong !
 They are diapers so not much to say but the package and everything was just as they said it would be . My son never explodes through them so they are great .
 No complaints here ! My son can wear these for 12 hours overnight , and the -LRB- very full ! -RRB- diaper does n't leak . These diapers have a print of a Muppet on the back , and when my son is crawling you can see two little Muppet eyes peaking over the back of his shorts . Pretty cute .
 Great of course , they are pampers !!! I really trust these diapers ! Never a blow out even when sopping wet . I love them , love them , love them !
 I just got these , they are super thin , but seem to hold alot ! I like how light weight they are .
 Worth every penny . Just in how much your getting for the low and afforable price makes this product a winner for me . I love the pampers brand ... great quality and afforable all in one .
 I bought a bag of these at the store because they were on sale and used it . It is the best diaper ever ! I started using it when my baby was 8 weeks old and she slept for 8 hours ! Prior to that we were using the Swaddlers and they were getting soaked after just 4-5 hours . Our baby is almost 11 weeks old now and she 's sleeping 11 hours a night and these diapers lasts her that long . These are the best . I have ordered more and will swear by these diapers now !
 If you can combine any coupon listed on the product page -LRB- occasionally offered -RRB- with subscribe and save , these Amazon diaper deals are excellent . These pampers have done a fine job for our little one and I have no complaints . We have used cloth , but with the recently larger and more frequent poopin going on the last few months , with the addition of more baby food , these diapers make things easier for me . The other benefit , of course , is they soak up more of the liquid stuff as well .
 We do n't like to have our products selected for us just because of TV commercials or what 's most popular . So , when our daughter was born , we made sure to try every diaper brand , even store brands . It did n't take long to find a favorite - Pampers Swaddlers . Since doing our `` research '' we have n't bought or used any other kind . They are the most absorbent and hide smells better than any other .
 I am a new mom and have mostly been using Pampers Sensitive diapers and some Huggies . I received a package of these Pampers Baby Dry as a shower gift and recently started using them . They NEVER leak ! I have problems with the Sensitive ones leaking , especially overnight for 11 hours . These are thinner and not as bulky and definitely hold the best of anything I 've tried thus far .
 These work great , I have been using them for my baby boy who was born 7 lbs and is now 10 lbs . The only time we have leaks is when we dont change him at every feeding.The only drawback of these pampers is they dont have the wetness strip . That being said after 2 months of diaper changes I can tell without the strip when he is wet .
 I will be honest ... I buy Pampers because of the price and because of the Gifts to Grow Rewards program . I like 7th Generation better but ca n't afford them . My daughter is 25lbs and has been in size 5 's for 2 months already . I found that all pampers ran small and I always needed a bigger size than what the weight on the package said . However , my daughter is VERY chunky in the legs ! In 7th Gen she wears a 6 ! As far as WORKING though , these diapers do the job . She stays dry through the night -LRB- about 11 hours -RRB- . I find that she does not have poop blow outs -- as long as I make sure the diaper is properly fitted . -LRB- If you do n't check sometimes the diaper leg guard area is tucked way in between her legs and does n't work -RRB- . The price of the diapers is awesome ... especially with Amazon Subscribe and Save and Amazon Mom 's Club . I also love the Gifts to Grow Points program . In just one year I have managed to amass enough points for a nice Little Tikes Xylophone and a potty seat . Not bad!I 'd say that if you have the luxury of not worrying about the price look at the other brands , but if you need reasonably priced diapers these are as good as they get . MUCH better than cruisers too !
 Love Love these diapers !!! I love all pampers!My boy just turned one !! I have tried all the brands . Pampmers is the only diaper that he has never exploded in and I want to keep it that way
 I 'm so happy with my order from Amazon Mom . As a first time mom to 10 wk . old twin boys , not having to run to the store to purchase diapers is AWESOME !! We had to make some extra room in the boys closet to fit the boxes , but my sanity was worth it . I would highly recommend these diapers - they hold in massive amounts of liquid and poop . My boys have never had a diaper rash -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- thanks to these diapers.I would recommend the Subscribe and Save service to any new mom or a veteran mom who does n't have a lot of time on her hands .
 These Pampers have been the winners for our son - no leaks , super absorbent , easy to put on.The equivalent Huggies were a disaster - no matter how tight we put the Huggies on him , he managed to wriggle around and get some pee out of one gap or another . So he needed a new onesie for every diaper change ... In cloth diapers , we have to change him as soon as he pees or poops , because the cloth diapers are not as absorbent . He 's not used to the wet feeling , and he does NOT like it ! So we use one cloth diaper a day , just to give him a break / change of pace.If not for these Pampers , our lives would be a lot less pleasant right now .
 I have been getting these diapers since my baby was new born . My son bed stay dry for now all night . The diaper is really heavy by the morning but no concerns of leaks .
 This box is very large , and contains 204 size 3 diapers . I love purchasing this product from Amazon because if I am using my Amazon Mom account , I save 30 % , which makes these much less expensive than even at Wal-Mart .
 I bought the pampers brand due to the deal you get thru amazon , and Im happy with them . This is my first baby , so I really do not know much about diapers , they keep everything in most of the time . I swear she shoots stuff sideways sometimes so it leaks thru her legs but I dont think thats the diapers fault ! lol A diaper is a diaper I think !
 We 've always used Pampers . We have n't had any leaks with Pampers but have when using Huggies and some of the cheaper brands . The price is great for the amount of diapers that you receive too !
 I am amazed at the horrible reviews for these.I have used these through my two children one boy one girl . I love the fact that they do n't leak -LRB- unless its getting close to a size change up then I notice leaks -RRB- . They keep the poop inside until I am able to change it.My kids are movers and they stay on and in place through it all.I wish the price would go back to the way it was when I had my first child 5 years ago , or even below that would be nice but oh well.And I love the points rewards program . I frequently cash in my points for rewards such as 200 free prints at Shutterfly , $ 5 off diaper.com , toys etc.Thanks Pampers !
 I have used Pampers since my son was born . They were the diaper provided at the hospital , but I 'd already heard from multiple mom friends that they were the best . These NEVER leak ! Ever ! My son has extremely sensitive skin and has never had a reaction to these . When he was really little , I used the sensitive skin ones . These diapers are honestly the absolute best hands-down . I highly recommend them . They will keep your baby clean and dry , without leaking -LRB- which is way too much work for already busy moms ! -RRB- .
 The diapers came by their due date . I was a little worried because they had n't shipped a day before they were supposed to get to my house , but ended up getting there on time , plus I got a cute little bonus gift with a diaper pouch and some free samples .
 I 've tried various diaper brands . Pampers beats all of them hands-down . Well worth the miniscule higher price . With other brands , I experienced significantly more leaks/blowouts up the back . Also , they leaked pee around the waistband area . I 've never had the leak problem with Pampers . Pampers are n't perfect , but I have far fewer out-and-up-the-back leaks with them and they feel and look like nice , high-quality diapers . The ONLY thing I do n't like about them is the ill-placed color pattern at the inner thighs and upper back areas , as it appears at a quick glance that poo is seeping out when it 's not ! Gets me almost every time !
 I like pamper it very good for my daughter to use it , and also the price cost reasonable . I love it .
 very good product ! good price for the amount too when compared to the stores . this products ships in a short amount of time too .
 Pampers baby dry is great diaper.I had tried many other brands before , pampers baby dry is by far the best diaper.It keeps little one 's bottom dry , especiallyfor over night sleepers.Great product !!
 Loved this product for my baby . I have enough diapers for her and they work so well controlling her during the night .
 These diapers are terrific and I recommend them to everyone . My son has never had a diaper rash with these diapers and they do a terrific job of containing everything .
 Mother of 9 mth old boy . We have tried other diaper brands & were disappointed . Thankfully Pampers baby dry have provided protection from leaks .
 I bought this for my newborn son . He fit so well in these diapers and pampers seems to be the only diapers my kids didnt pee through . Bought this huge pack for a great price will buy from again
 The baby dry diapers are great . My daughter has been using them since she was 3 months old -LRB- now 15 months -RRB- and has never had any rashs or leaks in them . I will not be ordering these from Amazon anymore . They have changed the discount on the MOM program so that it 's not worth it anymore .
 I have five children and have been diapering for 13 years now . Each child has had a different diaper that worked best for them -- Huggies for some , Pampers for others , and one even did well with a store brand . I can tell you Baby Dry has come a long way in 13 years ! It is a great daytime diaper , not as nice as Cruisers , but if you 're going to be around your child and able to change them as needed , this is the better deal . I did n't care for it overnight , as the silica gel often leaked out , and I 've preferred to use a nighttime diaper for my really wet babies , especially as they get older . I think this diaper is a really good value.Looking forward to the last one out of diapers this summer !
 I have used huggies brand prior to pampers and I have to say pampers is the best diaper a mom can ask for . Huggies diaper material feels cheap and it does not advertise and do what it says . Pampers diaper holds and does not leak . For all moms who want a great investment ... buy pampers . Worth every penny .
 I totally love this product . It works great . My friend 's son got some problem of rash because he got sensitive skin . If you have sensitive skin you may need to try this product with a sample first before ordering this bulk product . Well I am guilty because , its not friendly for environment , my sister keep saying that these diapers that we throw absorb the under waters and seal them . Not good for earth but friendly for pockets . This do n't make me really happy but product wise thumbs up .
 Overall I have been pleased with these diapers . Occasionally they leak at the top after naps or night time . The fit seems good and my son loves the Sesame Street characters !
 They r as gud as always . I used them first for my daughter and now for my son . . but they are the same ... will keep using them till he is potty trained ...
 You can not beat the deal you get on these diapers on Amazon.com ! We have had a few problems with overnight leaks , but that was after 7-8 hours of sleep and a large cup of milk or two each time .
 The Pampers baby dry diapers are a great value . They are a good quality diaper , but do n't have the cost of the high end diapers . They work great for my baby !
 I received it very fast . The diapers are very soft and keep the baby dry .
 GREAT PRODUCT ! I RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY PARENT THAT WANTS BABY TO SLEEP ALL NIGHT LONG AND BE CONFORTABLE ALL DAY .
 I 've tried other diapers including Pamper 's Cruisers . I think the Pamper 's Baby Dry are one of the best I 've used so far . It keeps my baby dry and happy .
 These diapers are extremely absorbent and have never leaked overnight . However , they seem to have a slight chemical scent . I have switched to Huggies b/c of this .
 This is the biggest box of diapers that I can find in my area and it 's tough for me to get to the store so having these delivered to my door is amazing . They do ship directly in the box , as is , in the picture . So if you live in a condo/apt/etc . and need privacy with your packages or are concerned that someone might take them , maybe not a good idea ?
 I have been using pampers for past one year and I find it very reliable . I tried other brands but I found pampers best among all .
 For my baby shower we did a diaper raffle , so I received every diaper brand out there . These are by far the best out there . My little boy is 5 months old and is in size 3 . Never any leakage problems even through the night . All my friends swear by them too !!!
 When my son was born I tried different brands of diapers -LRB- many were shower gifts -RRB- . I quickly decided to only use Pampers Baby Dry . He had regular diaper `` blow outs '' with all of the other brands . My son is now 2.5 years old and we are working on transitioning him from Pampers to the potty . I 've never found a better price than the price that I get with Amazon Mom and their diaper suscription . If I ever have another baby I will once again use Pampers -LRB- but Huggies wipes ! -RRB- Best of luck .
 I have been reading several reviews about the Baby Dry and have come to the same conclusion that many other moms have , and that is that it depends on your child and how they are shaped and how much they poop or pee . The Baby Dry are my favorite because they fit my child the best and keep most of the leaks in . My second favorite is the Swaddlers , but they tended to let leaks out of the leg holes on my son . I have noticed with the Baby Dry , if there is a lot of pee in the diaper , then once he poops , it does n't absorb very well because it has already absorbed a lot . Also , the poop does go up the back of the diaper , as many moms have said , but I tend to wait until he is done going , and then go change it . If the child sits in his poop , he will get diaper rash and you do n't want that anyway . My son has never gotten diaper rash and I have used Pampers almost exclusively since he was born . Baby Dry fits my child the best and works for us the best all around , but you have to find the best for your child . I read a review that said that Pampers tend to be for longer , skinner babies and Huggies tend to be for chunkier children , and I think that 's right .
 I have used pampers for my son ever since he has been born . Great product and I love the rewards program they have as well.I always buy my Pampers through Amazon , I have yet to find them cheaper -LRB- even at Sam 's Club -RRB- . I also love the easy of having them sent right to my door .
 I use Pampers and Luvs now ! I 've got to say I love Pampers better bc they are a little bit bigger . I have n't had any leaks , well except for those bumbo # 2 's which is my fault bc I needed to go up a size .
 My son is 6 months old and we tried Luvs , Huggies and Pampers . The Luvs and the Pampers are comparable but it seems that the Pampers last longer between changes . The huggies were the WORST ! We have had just great luck with these ones !! Highly recommend !
 Great to have these reliable diapers come each month without having to go to the store and spend an arm and a leg on just 50 or 60 diapers . Thank you Amazon !
 Since we have two sets of twins and spend lots of money on diapers , I 'm always keen to find the best price per diaper , as long as the diaper works well . Originally , my conclusion was that the storebrand diapers at Sam 's Club were our best bet , so we used them exclusively with our first set of twins . I did try some Pampers and other brands early on , but quickly determined that they were n't worth the extra money . When Amazon Mom came along I revisited the price per diaper issue and found out that I can get these Pampers for less than the ones I get at Sam 's , PLUS they show up on my porch on the day I want them to ! These diapers work as well as the Sam 's ones , at least for daytime use , so we 're good with them until we 're done diapers . We use the size 4 during the day and size 5 at night for extra protection . I did end up going back to the Sam 's brand for the size 5 diapers for nighttime use since the Pampers do n't hold as much liquid as the Sam 's ones . In fact , for one of our twins we use the Pampers Extra Protection and sometimes even that is n't enough for him . I 'll write a separate review for that one .
 Absorbent diapers , but not bulky at all . How does Pampers do it ?! I 've been using them since my little cub was born and I 'll never use any other diaper . Thanks , Pampers , from a busy new mommy !
 Great diaper for my 3 year old . Have n't had a rash problem like we did with other brands because my son tends to pee a lot . These diapers absorb really well and I 've never had a problem with leaks .
 We have been using the Pampers Baby Dry since my daughter grew out of newborn diapers . I really like that they are flat and easy to put on with one hand . I find that Huggies curl up more and have to be stretched -LRB- especially the back waist band -RRB- to be put on correctly . The diapers fit my daughter well and hold alot . Ca n't ask for more than that .
 Have been using these size 3 diapers for a while now and love them - tried huggies and believe that I 'm a true Pampers fan . Once in a while , baby wakes up wet - I think that is parent error and a night time diaper may be warranted but day to day , these diapers are great !
 You can not beat the price . It is perfect for military families as far as price and they are shipped to APO addresses fairly quickly .
 The diapers work well for us . Feels as though they do n't waste a lot of room with fluff . They are very absorbent and when we have tried to switch diapers our munchkin gets diaper rash from many others .
 It 's great . it is heavy snow outside , but the diaper arrived on time . very thing is good.thank you for your service and product .
 Hands down pampers are the best diapers . Never had a problem with leaking or skin breakdown on my baby .
 This diaper is the cheapest brand name diapers I can find when you buy them in bulk and use Amazon 's subscription program . It works great for my now 6 month old . He started out with swaddlers when he was a newborn . I switched to baby-dry when he turned 3 month . This diaper barely leaks . Only time it leaked was when he slept too long and I forgot to change him when he got fed once . It was over 12hrs , so I 'm sure no other diaper could do any better.Some might not agree this is not the cheapest , but when I was searching for new diaper , this Economy pack for subscription price was the cheapest -LRB- per diaper price -RRB- . I even compared with other brands and from stores like Sam 's club . It is really convenient to use subscription service for diaper . I do n't have to go to the store , and if I do n't need one on certain month , I can just skip that month 's shippment .
 I found pampers is the best product . Amazon offered the cheapest deal with no tax . The shipping is super fast and free if you subscribe .
 I 've gone through many different brands of diapers and these work the best for us . As far as my husband is concerned , they are worth the price to avoid the mess of a leaky diaper . They are high quality -- I very rarely have any issues . I have noticed that with my boys , not my girl though , they will leak overnight , but that is easily avoided by not giving them too much to drink right before bedtime . I 'm not sure any diaper can contain a large sippy cup or two of fluid ...
 These diapers are amazing . I have used them with both of my girls until they went into pull ups and they have never leaked . I could n't ask for a better product . The price is great too .
 Great Product . Does what it 's supposed to do . If they could `` green it '' and keep the same price , I would recommend it ! : -RRB-
 I 'd give up chocolate before I 'd stop buying Pampers , and that is saying something!Pampers are the best diapers out there . I 've been through every other diaper available over my past eight diaper-changing years , and I ca n't even count how many diapers I 've changed . -LRB- That 's four babies , and my five-year-old , who is autistic , still wears them at night , on occasion ... size 7 is a Godsend ! -RRB- Pampers have kept my babies skin drier , their blow-outs contained , and me happier because I 'm not washing out soiled clothes ! They may be more expensive than the `` cheap '' diapers , but in the end they 've cost me less . Let 's face it , some diapers can only hold one ` no. 1 ' -LRB- and babies can do that every 20 mins -RRB- without being saturated and falling apart . I 've never had that problem with Pampers Baby dry , unless I 've let my baby stay in his diaper from the night before until after breakfast the next day ! -LRB- And that includes night time feedings . -RRB- Pampers win in my book , hands down !
 This package is what we use for my daughter who tears through a box in under 2 weeks , this size is actually a little better priced and had more content in it and the best part of all with Amazon prime it was at my front door when promised so there was no disruption in having diapers or making a cumbersome trip to store which is close -LRB- 6 miles -RRB- but not convenient with a small child .
 All diapers are not for all kids . That 's the case with my kids . Huggies do n't go well with them and so Pampers is sort of the only option.We have been using Pampers for both my kids and have n't had any problems with them.Kids are comfortable with there 's no mess . That 's what counts .
 being new parents on a budget , we tried a lot of cheaper brands , but they always leaked or left a mess and overall , it was turning out to be more expensive with more frequent diaper changes . These are the best . No leaks . They absorb really well . some of our wet diapers have weighed tons -LRB- well , not literally -RRB- , but we are always amazed at the level of absorption . . we have been having fun dropping the heavy wet diapers on our wooden floor just to hear the loud thuds , and still they do n't spill ;-RRB- ... we did not have any issues with diaper rash ever with these ...
 This is a nice box to purchase would n't have needed to buy diapers for 2 months but my son out grew this size before we ran out we had to order the next size up : -RRB-
 I love that I get the box of diapers in 2 days and love the free shipping for having prime benefits ! Plus the cost of diapers here is WAY lower than the supercenter stores .
 Pampers is what my baby uses . Nothing special as such buying through Amazong just that I get a discount and save a trip to the store . So why not .
 We have tried other diapers and none work for us - only Pampers ! My baby would leak through all the other diapers but , we have not had any leaks with Pampers !
 Love them . They work well on my long , moderately skinny baby . They are my go-to disposable . I probably wo n't order them again since we 're switching to cloth full time .
 These are my favorite diapers yet ! And they end up being the cheapest once you join Amazon mom , and enroll in auto order program . Which by the way is easy to do , and easy to cancel/make changes as needed . It 's not a scam or a trap like so many auto order programs are . I 've compared prices everywhere - Costco , sam 's club , walmart . And these are not only the best price 13cents each , but also my favorites so far ! Also shipping was really 2 day , I placed order monday and recieved wednesday .
 We didnot use any other product . We decided to use this one based on advice from friends . It didnot prevent leakage if you do n't fold the backside . Side straps are good . It holds well when it is wet .
 It 's awesome to buy diapers online instead of having to go out and get them at the store . I use the super saver deal so I do n't pay shipping . Pampers have always been my favorite brand .
 This the best diaper I have tried so far . It 's thin but very absorbent without leaking . Hope there could be choices of fragnance-free and chlorine-free .
 I 'd have to say exactly the same where my now 1 yr old twins are concerned . We started with Pampers Swaddlers and moved on to Baby Dry . We also tried Huggies and Seventh Generation . Nothing worked as well as the pampers . With one exception
 Pampers are the best ... tried every kind , can LIVE with those other guys , but I always end up with pampers ... they are thin enough to be flexible , yet they hold up to big bladders beautifully !
 I always buy diapers from Amazon.com , but I must admit these were premium diapers at a discount price . At our local big box store these cost over 57 dollars plus the 22 dollars to drive to the store . All totaled to buy this locally would cost me 79 dollars ! With Amazon.com I order with a click , never leaving my home and have it delivered free ! Plus they arrive well packaged and in great quality . My son always had no name diapers before I found Amazon.com . They would leak , sag , and generally fall apart in the night . These diapers never did this . In fact these have been the very best at keeping his sheets dry , my lap dry , and his pants dry . No more diaper rashes for my baby boy ! If you have n't tried these and worry about the price , figure in the time and cost of gas to get the diapers at your local big box . After that you will see that it is a steal .
 I love Pampers diapers . The diapers never leak even at nighttime or long road trips with our babies .
 Fits great and there are no more little white fuzzies left on my baby 's bottom after she uses the diapers .
 This is an excellent product at a great price with Amazon.com . I searched several baby goods providers over the Web and around town , and this was the best price for Pampers diapers .
 We tried Huggies , Target Brand , and Pamper 's Cruisers ... the Baby Dry do n't leak -LRB- unless I do n't fasten them well b/c he 's fighting to sit back up -RRB- . My sister-in-law swore by Target Brand with their daughter and finds that Pampers works best with their newborn son ... so my advice is to try a few types and find what works best for you baby and go from there ... for our son Pamper 's Baby Dry is the best !
 I have used Pampers for my 22 Month Old son , Since he was a newborn -LRB- I used the Pampers Swaddlers then -RRB- -- They are wonderful . They are not as `` Stiff '' as the Huggies Brand - And they are definitely able to hold a lot ! --
 I finally found a diaper that works ! Love , love , love these diapers ... I 'm so happy with them and no longer have to search for a diaper that works .
 When you become pregnant you ask your friends ... What kind of diapers do you use ? I have always loved Pampers . They are a little bit bigger -LRB- longer -RRB- and cover my daughter 's bum better . She has always been in the 85th percentile for height and weight and these diapers are the best out there for keeping her dry .
 This product is perfect fit & does not leak . my daughter does a good job on testing the product & this item Pampers passes with flying colors . it is good value to buy from Amazon for great service .
 I liked the `` baby dry '' pampers better than the dry-max because its not scented and I like the blue color in it .
 Very absorbent . Have hardly any blow outs . They 're more bulky than the swaddlers but for the price difference and the efficincy I prefer these .
 I have used Pampers ever since my daughter was born . I have tried Huggies -LRB- very stinky when she pees -RRB- and store brands leak . However for a newborn I used Pampers Swaddlers and started baby dry after she outgrew the Swaddlers . I was a loyal Cruisers buyer until they changed to dry max . I experienced constant leaks every night , I upped the size and still leaks . My daughter sleeps on her back 90 % of the time . I was constantly washing sheets , redressing the whole thing . So I tried Pampers Baby Dry and was pleasantly surprised . -LRB- Pampers does have great customer service , as I complained about the Cruisers -RRB- . The Baby Dry were less money and worked better ! Now my daughter weighs 21 lbs at 20 months and I have her in a size 5 because she pees alot lol . As for bulkyness , I think most all diapers are bulky once they 've been peed in . The Cruisers are thinner when wet but they leaked for us , so it does n't really matter how it looks when your kid is soaked.This is the BEST PRICE HANDS DOWN FOR PAMPERS ! I hunt down coupons and match with sales/offers -LRB- offers like CVS Extra Bucks -RRB- and even with both , this is the cheapest ! Plus its delivered ! If I run low and order an extra shipment -LRB- I use the Subscribe and Save plus the Moms Club -RRB- next day is only $ 3.99 and is soooo worth it !
 I have always been a loyal Pamper 's user . Both of my kids have sensitive skin and these diapers work perfectly for them . Never a rash and never a leak . We strayed a few times and tried to save money with other brands , but we always had leaks , rashes , or both .
 I have been ordering this product for past 2 and half years and I am loving it . I would recommend this product to my friends and family .
 I was trying to save money on diapers by buying the cosco brand , till my daughter woke up screaming -LRB- she sleeps through the night -RRB- . The diaper did not hold well as it should , and she had pee through her pjs , sleeping sack and bedding ... Took long enough to set her back to sleep after having to change her crib , clothes etc. . Never again would I try to `` save '' on diapers . I prefer to save on clothes and such.Thank you pampers !
 these are much better then huggies , first off huggies run smaller , they dont hold as much for as long eaither , the design seems nice but the over all quality is good just isnt as good in my option for the price dif . ,
 I realize that not every child is the same . Some may have allergic reactions to some brands or some brands may hold in leaks better . I have three children aging from 2 months to 4 years and they all use Pampers . We have tried other store brands and name brands , but they either leaked , caused a rash or just fell apart after use and would n't stay on . Pampers seems to stay on well , even on my active children who jump and roll off of everything and run all over . My four year old only wears diapers at night -LRB- as does my 2 year old recently -RRB- and they hold whatever both of them can throw at 'em , and some mornings , its completely full . But no leaks ! Great diapers and the larger pack is the best for the money . I would recommend them anytime over any brand .
 Love love them , my son goes 6hrs especially at night without a leak.These pampers are economical as he started using a size 3 at 5 & 1/2months and is now going to 9months yet he has not outgrown them.Would recommend highly .
 I knew this deal from my friend . It 's really a great price . I like it .
 I like baby dry more than `` swaddler . '' Even swaddler is soft inside and outside , but I do n't think it aborbs as efficient as baby dry is . I think the baby is confortable to wear as well . Thus , I recommend baby dry !!
 Just an average diaper . I use them for my 4 month old and my son who just turned 2 . They are great for the baby but they seem to sag on my 2 year old , even when they are n't so wet . I ca n't complain to much the price is great . However I will be switching to pull ups as he has began to potty training . I will continue to use these for my 4 month old .
 We are strictly a Pampers family . We used swaddlers until my son grew out of size 2-3s then we went directly to cruisers . We had a few leakage issues with cruisers , when my son would roll to his belly in the middle of the night , but were happy with them in general . A few friends of ours had been using baby dry 's and metioned that they loved them -LRB- and that they were a little cheaper than cruisers ! -RRB- so we decided to give them a try . And we LOVE them . We have not had one overnight leak ! The only complaint that I have is that the tabs are made a little cheaper than swaddlers & cruisers , and a few of them have ripped right off as I 'm fastening the diaper . I 've just learned to be a little gentler with them , and we have n't had a problem since . Overall , I give them an A !
 We 've tried Costco 's diapers and to a limited extent , Huggies ... From our experience , Baby Dry are the best at catching leaks and offer the most value .
 So like I get this email from Amazon . '' ` Pampers Baby Dry Diapers Giant Pack Size 2 172 Count ' meet your expectations ? Review it on Amazon.com '' . Yes . You put it on and it keeps the stuff in . What more could there to be said about Pampers ? They do a better job than Luvs and Huggies . They 're also more expensive . The especially good thing about this Giant Pack is that it comes with more diapers than the non-Giant Pack . That means you run out of diapers less often , and that 's a good thing . Nothing like having a dirty baby with nothing to change into . I say go for the giant pack ! How many people read a review about diapers ? Will my review be `` liked '' on Facebook ? That would be really good for my self esteem .
 We have n't seen any leakage after 2 weeks of usage . It 's very soft and comfy to the baby . No rash or anything .
 Love having the diapers delivered to my door vs. having to lug them from the store to my car and from my car inside my house . Plus , it is cheaper .
 These Pampers are exactly what I need . They keep , my babies dry and they ate a Great Buy . I receive them quickly . And I will recommend you try them you wo n't be disappointed .
 I loved that I could send all these diapers to a friend across the country for such a great price . And pampers diapers are my favorite .
 I have 2 kids who have all grown through the diaper stage while using pampers and we are currently using them for our youngest . I highly recommend these , excellent quality . Would not go with any other diapers
 It holds all the stuff in ... in 11 months , only had 3 nights where it leaked pee out at night . Blow outs are pretty rare as well .
 These diapers fit my sons butt and legs great . They also keep blowouts to a minimum as long as you pull out the ruffles/flaps .
 I have used many diapers and I have found that Pampers Baby Dry are the best . For cost , leak , rash ... . etc. . Everything is great compared to other diapers and we will continue to use Baby Dry until we get to the potty training stage .
 These are the bast diapers that I will only use !! They hold up all through the night and he is dry in the morning . Ive used the dry max and my son got the worst rash from them , and they were gone the next day . Ive used these ever since then . Great product .
 I love these diapers . I have tried Huggies and even the new Pampers Dry Max and these are the best !
 Love the quantity and the quality of the diapers for the great price . Although I like the cruisers better , I went for the better value so it 's worth what I paid for it ! We bought over 500 diapers for only $ 68 through AmazonMom , subscribe and save and coupons ! Her butt is literally covered !
 We love baby dry and keeps our baby dry and we never failed it . . it works greats and fits our baby .
 very goodmost quanity for this price and high quality.the pampers are more light and thin then others in the same qulity
 The main thing with diapers is that you want to get a great deal , and this was one of the best ones we saw . Very pleased .
 much better than the newer dry max which used to give my baby diaper rash so we switched to the baby dry and its great for his bum ! i also have it on subscribe & save program so its much cheaper with the 30 % dicount and free shipping .
 We use pampers Dry from new born to Size 5 . Until size 4 we do not have no problem and feel very happy with it . However , when we started to use Size 5 this month , almost every night , it leaked . so now I go back to Size 4 .
 these diapers seemed more chemical smelling - closer to the Luvs diapers -LRB- also made by P&G -RRB- . I like cruisers way better and will stick with them .
 I have been using these diapers on my 6 week old son for a couple of weeks now an havent had any issues with them like some people say they have . They are thinner then the swaddler dry max but I think these do there job great . I have not had any leaks with these at all . But my son is a sleepy baby and just got out of the NICU so I change his diaper every 3 hours to help wake him up . I do prefer the swaddlers dry max as I think they are a nicer and thicker diaper but if your looking for value for money these are fine .
 Have been using the pampers since she was born . Love the brand , product . Been using Amazon mom and can not beat the prices .
 We have twin boys and the economy pack of pampers is the way to go for us . We like pampers more than the other brands -LRB- and we 've been through most -RRB- because they are thinner , have a light fresh odor , and hold just as much without the blowouts . We were getting diapers from costco , but for the same price and the free shipping to our house its a great deal .
 The diapers themselves are fantastic - they do not leak . They absorb everything and quite frankly , I hate changing crib sheets so these are definitely worth the money . Plus , they do n't promote diaper rash as easily as the cheaper diapers do .
 Pampers is by far one of the best diapers in the market . I love it on my baby . It fits great and less bulky .
 This box of diapers was previously open for whatever reason . The box was a little old/damaged , but the diapers inside were all still sealed . Thanks for offering this option . It was $ 10.00 cheaper . abuksar
 It comes in the box you see , the daipers are wrapped up tight in 3 big sets , it arrived in good time and has been a huge help with my newborn .
 My son 's skin sensitivity works great with Pampers . A great brand and a great loyalty to the brand has been our families opinion . We will always recommend Pampers .
 Was away for the summer , and instead of shipping to another address , had been using another brand . When I got back home and my box of Pampers was waiting for me , I noticed the difference the first time I changed by baby . Was so happy to go back to the best brand . I have four kids under six , and have always had at least a couple kids in diapers at a time -LRB- even three at a time once ! -RRB- and have been using Pampers Baby Dry for each one . Pampers have that yummy baby-fresh scent . Also the other brand that I was using -LRB- A store brand that people love and I do n't know why -RRB- would immediately droop down the instant my baby made once . It made it look like her diaper was ALWAYS loaded instead of just a little wet . The Pampers are much more stable .
 Pampers are the best diapers I have tried for my twins . Some of the other brands leaked , but I have n't had any problems with pampers . The baby dry does have a bit of a smell to them . I did not have this problem with the swaddlers .
 Great ! The savings you get is unbelieveable . I will never buy diapers at the store again . You ca n't beat it !
 Both of my kids -LRB- a boy and a girl -RRB- have used Pampers from birth . I like the Baby-Dry , they are nicely absorbent and seem to fit well . There was a big jump in size from 5 to 6 . The 5s were getting small , the 6s are still quite big and she 's been wearing them for about 3 months now . Because they are bigger , they have plenty of room for all the overnight filling .
 These are very good . I used Huggies for the first few sizes , but Pampers seem to fit better now . no problems with the baby 's skin and no leaks .
 Early on we tried a few different diapers for our daughter but have exclusivley bought pampers babydry since she was about 3 months old . It is the best diaper out there and a reasonable price . It keeps her dry , no leakage , even when she sleeps for 12 hours at night ! I am also the owner of a home daycare for over 5 years now and have changed many diapers and have used many differnt brands of diapers so I have had the chance to use them all ! And Pamers Babydry is the best dipaer out there !
 The best disposable diapers , they are absorbent and soft and helps makes everyone happy , what more can you ask from a diaper ?
 The price is attractive and the quality is high . We are very pleased with this purchase .
 I have used this particular model of Pampers diapers for my daughter who is now 4 and now for my son . I love them . Here 's why :1 - They hold a lot ! Never have I had a spill even over night .2 - They smell very nice -LRB- When unused -RRB- 3 - They are thin and you can stuff just ooooone more in that pocket of your diaper bag .4 - They are soft . I do n't want to bash Huggies because their diapers are really good too but I find that theirs are a bit stiff.I honestly can not think of one bad thing to say about those diapers . I 'm hooked .
 Pampers baby dry is great ! My husband and I absolutely love it . It 's very absorbant . Once we forgort to change the diager for our son , though the diaper is very heavy , it 's not leaky at all . I think we will stick with pampers baby dry .
 These are a mix between Pampers Little Cruisers and Luvs diapers . The outside remind me of Luvs the inside just like Cruisers . They hold as much as Little Cruisers also . I think they 're great and I am a diaper snob !! ha .
 I enjoy these diapers as they are not bulky and do not have the new DRYMAX product . I feel like they are safe for my baby 's skin .
 I love all the pamper products , We where using some other brand and they where not holding much of anything . My son seems to like them better , I love the overnight ones too they hold so much !
 We have used almost all brands of diapers and now we can say that pampers are the best of all . Very comfortable and great absorbing capacity . Our son is 2 yrs old and we have been using these diapers or the pull-ups of the same brand only . Once you use these , you wont like to try any other brand .
 With twins , I have found that the free super savers shipping on economy size diapers is a godsend . I started out with Pampers Cruisers but these are cheaper and the quality is about the same . The diapers seem a little thinner but I have never had a problem with leaking . They have the same stretch tabs on the sides that I liked about the Cruisers . I love having these shipped right to my door & always having so many on hand . It 's one less thing to worry about carrying when shopping with the kids . They always ship within a couple of days so I just make sure that I order them a few days earlier than when it looks like we 'll need them .
 I used to have to go to Sam 's Club to buy big bulk diapers but now I can have them sent right to my home for free ! Also the price is great because I get more for my money . At Sam 's I could only buy a 144 pack of diapers for the same price and here at Amizon I can get 180 diapers . Trust me you ca n't go wrong with this purchase !
 Ive been buying Baby Dry Pampers for my baby since I discovered them when she was 3 months old . To my opinion they are the most absorbent . They almost never leak and are very thin so my baby can walk comfortably with them . This 192 package is also a great deal if you have the Amazon mom discount . It saves you money and the hassle to carry the box from the store because they are delivered to your home .
 Pampers Baby Dry diapers are great ... no problems here with the product . However , upon opening the economy pack from Amazon , I noticed the diapers had an unpleasant plastic smell -LRB- not the cute , baby-powder smell I am used to -RRB- , thus the four-star rating . In hopes of helping the scent fade , I removed all diapers from the interior packaging plastic to allow them to air out . This did help the problem , but I continue to notice the plastic smell -LRB- now mixed with the typical baby-powder smell -RRB- . This did not affect the function of the product , nor will it prevent me from purchasing this product again from Amazon , due to the incredible price once you subscribe to Amazon Mom and Subscribe & Save -LRB- 30 % discount ! -RRB- ; just a tidbit of info I thought was worth passing along .8 / 1/11 update
 This is by far the best diaper ever !!! I love Pampers ! I 've tried others and my son always leaked out of them , but with Pampers Baby Dry , it 's happened maybe twice in the last 6 months ! Although expensive , they are so worth my son not leaking out ! In this case , you really do get what you pay for .
 I 've used these on all my 3 kids and love them !!!! Very rarely do they leak and the kids all seemed comfortable with them . My youngest has super sensitive skin and these do n't bother him at all like some other brands do .
 I love these diapers . i have been using it for my son during the day . with the discounts and and all others amazon coupons i got this for a very decent price . i think 50 % discount is very good . its been almost a month and i still have half of the box to be used .
 It costed me $ 28 , much cheaper than store . It came in two days . very fast.I like babydry .
 We love Pampers . They are all we use in our house . I can trust that they will make it through long nights and keep my baby from getting diaper rashes . Love them !
 I love these diapers , especially the quantity that comes in the box ! I really ca n't find a box this size anywhere else .
 I love Pampers and this is a cheaper option than their higher priced brands . They still work great . No leaks ! Love them !
 I am very pleased . There is not much to say about the diapers -- they get the job done just as good as any other Pampers I bought anywhere else . But I got a great deal on them -LRB- along with free shipping -RRB- thanks to a coupon code . Best of all , I did n't have to get the little one out to go to a store and buy them ! A win-win ! : -RRB-
 I have decided to buy only pampers baby dry diapers for my 5 month old son . I also tried the new cruisers before trying these and I really do n't see any difference in the dryness or absorbablity -LRB- if that 's a word -RRB- ! I think the crusiers are a little bigger , even though they are the same size , but I will continue to buy the baby dry diapers because they are much cheaper and work just the same !
 THIS TOY IS $ 35.00 AT WAL-MART . IT IS THE SAME EXACT PRODUCT . GO TO WAL-MART !!!!
 First off this is not at Wal-Mart ... the one there is made by The Baby Einstein Co. and is no where as nice , sorry ... my one-year old daughter has the Elijah Elephant ... she loves it ... the ear has a button in it and plays a little song ... and there is also a little pocket in the rear that has a little mouse holding a peanut in it ... so cute . . my three-year old niece loves it too !!! Good Buy !!!!
 My son who is only 8 months old just got this rocker as a gift and he loves it . It is low to the ground and soft and cushiony , which is nice because it allows him to `` ride '' it himself . Everytime he is near Luc he wants to ride him and gets the biggest grin on his face . Highly recommended .
 I got this for my son 's first birthday and was n't expecting it to be all that nice since it was pretty cheap , but it turned out to be really nice ! The handlebars are a bit uneven , but other than that it seems to be durable and well made . One of the antennas is a `` shaker '' and the other one has a little button and when pushed it plays music . My son loves to sit on it and play with the antennas . He has n't quite figured out the `` rocking '' part yet .
 I ordered Luc for my 1 year old granddaughter for Christmas and it is her favorite toy.The quality is excellent and it is even cuter than I had anticipated .
 I found this rocker , which by the way is amazingly cool , at walmart for half the price . It 's listed there at $ 49.99 . Hello amazon ???
 I love this product , but I have to agree we bought it for 39.99 at Wal-Mart . The EXACT same thing .
 I have owned this bag for two years now . After the first year , the fabric along the top of the zipper began to pull away from the zipper . I will readily admit to being an overstuffer though ! I contacted customer service , and they offered to replace the bag . However , I did n't want to mail mine back and wait , and we kept playing phone tag to finish the details . I decided to give up and continue to use the bag . Well , now I am getting ready to go on a trip , and decided to look for a new diaper bag . The entire seam is ripped out along the top , but the functionality of the bag is just fine . So , a little ugly , but workable . I could n't find a bag that I loved , considered the Skip Hop and even a second hand PPB . I decided to contact JJ Cole again , to see if I am still eligible for a replacement , or at least to order a new bag without the accessories for a discount . Well , they are replacing the entire bag ! She said that I am on the borderline of being eligible -LRB- I am assuming that their warranty is two years -RRB- . I am thrilled ! I do really love the functionality of the bag . I love the pockets , yes , if you fill all of them you do lose space on the inside , but that seems true of many bags . The fabric is easy to wipe down and keep clean , and is very durable . The shoulder strap is wonderful ! And , it can either fit around my stroller handle , or the clips work well too . My husband does not mind carrying it either . And , as another reviewer mentioned , it does not scream diaper bag , so one can certainly use it after the diaper bag stage is over . If I had to do it all over again , I might try a different bag due to the zipper issue . But , all-in-all , I am very satisfied , and it was a pleasure to work with their customer service rep. It is nice to talk to real people who do n't seem to even own a script . And , I almost forgot ... the changing pad is awesome ! Works as a diaper bag for one or two diapers and a small pack of wipes . Great for a quick trip . I will try to post an update when I get the second bag . Customer service indicated that they had reinforced the zipper seam , so hopefully it is no longer an issue .
 This is a great bag . The main compartment is large and has lots of pockets inside . I am able to fit everything I need in this bag . I do n't use the small zip pocket at the top for an MP3 holder , but it is a great spot to stash my keys - easy to get to ! The changing pad is large and folds up nicely . I also love the `` pacifier pod '' . The color was a bit bright when I took it out of the box , but it 's growing on me and I get tons of compliments on it ! If you want a nice over-the-shoulder diaper bag that is n't too huge but fits everything you need - I would recommend this one !
 When I first got the bag I thought the color was a bit too neon for me but I decided that the great features of the bag far outweighed the color . Now , I am way over the color and actually really like it now . I think this bag is amazing . I love all the room , tons of pockets , it 's easy to wear , it 's iPod friendly and I really like that it hangs from my stroller . I think they thought of just about everything when designing this bag . I recommend this bag to every mom out there . Do n't be afraid of the green . It 's totally retro and it grows on you very fast . I 'd buy it all over again .
 This is an execellent bouncy seat and a great travel seat . It 's angled nicely so the baby is n't too flat but is also inclined and high enough to get them off the ground . The seat breaks down easily to put into a travel bag -LRB- travel bag comes with it -RRB- so that you can take it over to a friends house or on a trip if you want . Very cool!The fabric comes in a nice pattern . I think you could use this for boys or girls . We have two and use them for our twin boys . It has two vibration settings and a music setting and it plays water sounds as well.I also COMPLETELY love that the batteries are easy to take out . You do n't need a screwdriver like most other baby seats and toys . The other cool thing ??? After about 15 minutes the vibration and music turn off so that you do n't waste your batteries.It bounces nicely too . There are two small shocks on the seat so that you can bounce the baby with your foot which is great if you have twins and need to bounce one while the other is feeding.The only thing I wish it had is a bar of toys so that the baby had something to look at and play with.This seat also comes with a nice little `` boot '' for warmth to cover the baby and a buckle so the baby ca n't fall out . You can see it in the pictures above.Get this seat ! It 's great .
 This bag is great for organizing and holds everything you need . I love the colors and that it is easy to clean . Two of the best options are the stroller attachments and the adjustable shoulder pad , which is gel-filled and super comfortable . My only complaint is with the zipper for the main compartment . It only zips on the top and down one side . It would be easier to get to things inside if it zipped down both sides . The changing pad is a good size and also easy to clean . The pacifier pod is just an added bonus . The front flap has slots for credit cards , so you do n't have to carry a purse . There is also a compartment on the front for your phone . This bag is super durable and has tons of options . It 's worth the money .
 My new bag just arrived and as I gleefully opened it I was quite suprised by the color ! In the picture it looks like a warm maroon color and it is actually HOT PINK ! It looks like a great bag , lots of conpartments for things . I have n't even put my stuff in it yet because I have a boy and another boy on the way and I feel like it is just too pink . :-LRB- Maybe consider the blue version to be more versital . Hmmmm ... still deciding if I 'm going to exchange this . Just a warning to those who like a little color but not full blown HOT PINK . : -RRB-
 My baby is n't due for another two months , but I ordered this diaper bag early after seeing the other options out there ... BORING . The price is fair , and the bag is amazing . I love the design and colors , and the great gel-filled adjustable shoulder `` pad '' is going to be great when the bag is not attached to a stroller.All the cool , hip moms should be lucky enough to find this item . Other bags that are this cool are between $ 150 and $ 200 . Who can pay that much with a baby coming?Shipping was super fast as well . I think I got mine about 4 days after ordering , and I chose regular shipping .
 These drapes are so beautiful . I use them in my baby girls nursery , but they are so wonderful - I 'll use them for many years as she grows older . They are not babyish in the least . LOVE THEM !
 I was not sure if this product would really work . After using this product for a little over a week it is incredible . It does everything it says and I will be purchasing all the scents very soon !
 This stuff is amazing ! I apply it a bit more liberally than they recommend and I always use Sassy disposal bags for the dirty diapers , but this spray is a lifesaver ... especially if you are out & about . It can save you much embarrassment . Our baby has a partial intestinal blockage , which makes her diapers smell like something caustic and this spray even masks that !! We keep a small bottle in the diaper bag and a large one at both changing tables .
 We store our diapers in a dry pail in the baby room and some days , it 's pretty unbearable in there . As much as I love everything about my baby and do n't mind his poo much at all , he will have weeks when he 's sick and the smell of his poo tests even a mother 's love . That 's when you need this .
 This is amazing ! It works in the nursery as well as on the dogs ' beds . Our house does NOT smell like a huge dirty diaper . Whoever developed this product is a genius !
 Like other reviewers suggested , the size description is wrong . My five month old is about 15 lbs and a perfect size 2 , and this size 1-2 is only up to 15 pounds . I 'd say it fits up to size 1 1/2 comfortably . Pampers sells a size straight size 2 in smaller packs.Pampers diapers are great ; easy to re-strap if you do n't do it right the first time . The smell is pleasant , and the design cute sesame street characters . I recommmend , just make sure your baby is just barely out of size 1 to get this size 1-2 !
 The product description on this item says that it fits 8-18lbs . But , if you look on the box it says `` Up to 15 lbs . '' Otherwise , these are great diapers at an affordable price !
 The size 1-2 is a incorrect description . They are the exact size like my Size 1 Swaddlers . Now I am sitting on a big box of diapers that do n't even fit my daughter anymore . Very dissapointed since I thought that this would be a good deal .
 pampers are better than huggiesi use these for my 5 weeks daugter since she was borni also had huggies -LRB- same size 1-2 -RRB- butthese are leak proof and biggeri highly recommend these
 This is an excellent diaper until my baby reaches 12 lb . After that , it leaks at night because it gets saturated . I wish Pampers makes a size 2 instead of a size 1-2 . Size 3 looks so hugh so my baby is now using Swaddler size 2 instead .
 Okay , the title says it all - these diapers just do n't leak for larger babies . I love them and use them exclusively for our child at night -LRB- he 's trained during the day -RRB- and have no problems whatsoever . They 're a snap to put on and just are wonderful to use . I ca n't recommend these enough - I 've tried so many brands and these definitely work the best . I have broken too many fingernails changing crib sheets from the results of cheap leaky diapers and so therefore , I highly recommend these diapers , and so do my nails !
 The best diapers for our son because of the liquid capacity . Other brands just leaked . Also , free shipping at the best price anywhere from Amazon .
 These diapers are great for active toddlers . No leaks , no rashes , no problems . Excellent diapers !
 I 've used these wipes for a little under a year now and can give you the pros and cons :1 -RRB- VERY gentle . The cloths themselves as well as the cleaing solution are very gentle .2 -RRB- Does a reasonable job cleaning baby poos .3 -RRB- Causes baby little discomfit to clean if she/he has a diaper rash.Cons1 -RRB- For older babies , there are two types of poos that give me trouble with these wipes . The wipes have limited absorbency , so a big , liquidy poo will take several -LRB- sometimes as many as five -RRB- wipes to clean up . Also , if the poo has dried onto baby 's skin , the wipes are tough to use to get baby clean .2 -RRB- They are clearly more expensive.I do prefer these to the other wipes since I personally do n't like perfumes ; however , I can clearly see why someone may just buy the cheaper wipes . I do n't know how babies with diaper rash react to those other wipes .
 My daughter has sensitive skin , and we had to stop using baby wipes because her bottom would break out to the point of bleeding . For a time we bought inexpensive cloth diapers which we would cut up and moisten to clean her then dispose of them . About six months ago , I tried the Sensitive Pampers wipes , and her diaper rashes have mostly disappeared . When she does have a rash , they seem to clear up without us having to resort to using cloth diaper wipes . It is true that they are not as thick as the Huggies brand , but I do n't mind having to use an extra wipe if it keeps my daughter from being in pain . My only problem is finding them . I have only found a couple of stores in town that carry them , and they are often out of stock .
 These wipes are so soft , my little one really likes them .
 I personally like these wipes , I use the fragrance free ones and my 7 month old son who has sensitive skin has not had diaper rash yet . So , in my opinion they do a great job . They leave baby buns with a layer of ` lotion ' that I think helps prevent diaper rash . They are a little bit more money , but I think they are worth it . With coupons and sales I get them for around .02 per wipe and will keep buying them .
 Great and must have baby item . I think it 's the best quality of all baby wipes . But it 's too expensive on-line . Just purchase them in your local market .
 I have been using Pampers wipes pretty much from the beginning and I really love the pop-up tub and the different fragrances they come in . These sensitive ones are especially good for newborns . My only complaint is they are thin . I usually use 2 at a time , more if my son has a messy diaper . I recently tried Huggies wipes and they are thicker , but they do n't pop up . I do n't like reaching in the tub as much as a the pop up , so I guess I 'll stay with these .
 I really like Pampers wipes in general . They are nicely moist and soft , and the tub they come in is the best on the market . However , I did n't really find a difference between this wipe and the unscented aloe Pampers wipe . As far as I 'm concerned , it 's not worth spending the extra money on these unless your baby is having a bad reaction to regular wipes and you think this hypoallergenic version might help .
 This is a great product . I have n't had any problems with this brand . Highly recommend for those with small children .
 This are great for so many things and I try to get a travel pack in the car.Small spillsSticky messes on little fingersDiaper changingSticky messes where little hands have beenWiping a table at a fast food restaurantCleaning up after `` accidents `` There are many more uses for these and it 's a good idea to always have an extra pack on hand .
 I purchased this item for a friend of mine who has a 1 1/2 year old . She tells me that whenever her son sees the blanket , he starts grabbing after it and he quite often takes his naps on it because she ca n't separate him from it . It has so many sounds and textures that he really enjoys . If baby likes it ... I like it !
 I first bought these for my 24 month old twins . For the first year of their lives , we used Pampers at night . They are a little more spendy than other diapers , but did n't leak . So , when I saw this great price , I started ordering them . Soon I noticed that their 6 month old sister was leaking in her size 3 Luvs , so I tried these on her ... and viola ! No more leaks !
 I am the mother of 13 month old twins . We spent the first 6 months of their lives trying to find diapers that did n't give them diaper rash , leak , fall off or have grippers that tore . Something that happened all the time with Huggies , Luvs , and every generic brand I could find . Pampers may not be the least expensive diaper on the market , and many folks ca n't afford them , but if you can , do it - nothing worse than wearing a nice dress , holding your sweet baby on your lap , and lifting her to find a big yellow splotch all over your front from where her diaper let loose !
 I have tried luvs and huggies in the past , but have found that they leak overnight . With pampers I have never had that problem , my baby always wakes up nice and dry , even on those extra cold nights . Plus , they are not as thick and bulky as huggies .
 These bibsters things are just great , though they can get pricey . We reuse them if my son does n't make too much of a mess . They 're big enough to protect his clothing , and leakproof too . Just try feeding your baby outside in a public place , and you 'll see why these things are indispensable for today 's parents.The velcro-like neck seal is pretty strong , though my son _ can _ pull it off after some effort at 10 months .
 We 've been using this on our boy since he was 5 months old . Couple of features - waterproof back that prevent wetness going to clothes . The pocket in the front was useful in holding major spills.One thing I 'd like to see straps on the side . Our son sees the bib flapping around and starts yanking it . Straps on the side would secure it so that he does not see it.Other than that - completely satisfied .
 i was tired of always buying bibs expensive or not when ever they got dirty it would be something else i would have to wash . finally i tried the pampers bibsters , i cant even begin to say how much i love them , after every meal i just throw it away , quick and easy . no more washing by hand . i recomend these bibsters to everyone .
 I would recommend this product to every parents with a baby . Definitely a must have item . These bibsters are great for on the go ... ca n't live without it . :-RRB- : -RRB-
 2nd purchase , love them , they hold on my little guy well.i have tried other brand ... b r us ... theirs you must remove a small plastic tab , and if the get warm at all they wo n't come off ! i love my guy can eat a whole orange and they still wo n't leak through.a momma must !!!
 $ 6.49 at TRU and $ 6 + at Walmart for 32 Large disposable bibs . The bib itself is quite large and stays put . Too much liquid will leak at the bottom .
 We recently took a trip with our almost two toddler and purchased these bibs since we would n't have the means of watching bibs after every meal and packing space was limited . These worked great!The bibs stay on very well , unless your child deliberately pulls them off . I have received other disposable bibs as gifts before that simply had a sticker to keep them around my child 's neck , and they did n't stay on well at all . The size is great for covering the full front of your child 's clothes.The pocket is great for keeping messes out of laps . The fold over flap that helps keep it open did n't always stay down , but that was a minimal issue.Around the house I prefer to use cloth bibs that can be washed and reused to minimize waste . But I think these might be my new best friend to keep in the diaper bag for when eating out or on the go !
 I 'm not a fan of the using disposable things , but because these are very thin and I do n't use them very often I think they 're great . Tuck a few of these into your diaper bag and you will be ready for any messy eating occasion . Great for restaurants . My only issue is that they are easy for kids to pull off because the tiny Velcro fastener is n't very strong . And the `` Stay-Open '' pocket has n't proven to be that useful . But they DO NOT LEAK ; clothes stay nice and dry . They have a nice snug neck and they 're a good size . Being able to throw them away is fabulous . I would also recommend them if you do n't like having your bibs get stained with spaghetti stains .
 I am a Mexican Citizen living in Matamoros , Tamps , very close to Brownsville , TX . I recently went to a kids party with my sons in the US side , and the organizer provided me one sample of these Pampers Pocket Bibsters , and it was VERY USEFUL for me.I want to buy them , but unfortunately I have not seen them in Mexico side -LRB- Matamoros -RRB- even in the Mexican WEB PAge from you I could not , too !!!! I writting down this note from Amazon.Com site -LRB- by the way , IT IS NOT available here , too -RRB- This is a very useful option , specially if we are out of home . I do not like to use disposable things -LRB- except diapers , ok ? -RRB- at home , in order to do not contribute to the earth pollution . I do not know if these bibsters are `` biodegradable '' . If not , instead of 5 stars , I would provide 3 stars only .
 I would recommend this product to everybody with a baby in the house . First , it allows you to keep the baby clean , because the bibsters are quite big . Second , they are waterproof and learning to drink out of a cup is always wet . And , third , no washing and a new , clean , spotless bib each time . Makes parenting a bit easier !
 These bibs are the greatest . I used to wash so many bibs andall were getting stained . I use these for Breakfast , lunch & dinner . I save the cloth bibs for drool which is a constant thing . Now that baby is eating pieces of food the pocket catches the food . These are great for going out to eat too . YOu do n't have to put a dirty bib back in your bag .
 My daughter made a huge mess and I hated washing up those bibs after every meal . I brought bibsters the first time they were out and have been using ever since.I have some in my diaper bag . A few in the car -LRB- just in case -RRB- ... One thing though the velcro does not stay on well.BUT LOVE THE BIBS ... oh yeah I put them on when I give my baby juice to drink ... that cute pocket catches every little drop of liquid .
 I just started using these with my 10 month old when we 're out at a restaurant . Today , my daughter dumped over a half-bottle of water down her front , however , thanks to the Bibsters , her clothes remained dry ! I would n't have believed it if I had n't seen it . I 'm hooked !
 Definitely a must have for babies that have started on solids ... these are great , so handy not only for on-the-go but also at home when you run out of clean bibs ... you can never have enough of those ! . The crumb catcher is really neat , it catches dribbles , and spills from the baby 's mouth & no need to wash ... what more can you ask for ?? . The 32 ct for $ 7.69 is an awesome deal !
 We fell into the new items that seemed like must haves and found must we could live without . But Bibsters are a new item that we ca n't like without!We lost 3 before having our daughter so she is spoiled to say the least . She is typically dressed from head to toe in matching Gymboree so bibs are a must come feeding time . Cloth bibs were to messy to deal with so we picked up a box of these . These are great ! The big ones cover the entire front of her top and they absorb any liquids she might slip without allowing it to soak to the shirt . Plus when you 're done you toss them!But what would you expect from Pamper 's ... nothing less that a great item in our case !
 It drives my crazy when my daughter 's bibs get stained with carrots or some other kind of babyfood . These bibs are great for on the go or for foods that are especially difficult to get out of fabric .
 I am quite pleased with this wall art that coordinates with the bubbles and fish bedding set . The wall art is puffy -LRB- think stuffed toy -RRB- with a small white ribbon on the top of each piece for hanging . All pieces are machine washable . The size of the fish range from 8 1/2 - 10 inches from tip to tail . The bubbles are about 3 - 3 1/2 inches wide and 7 1/2 inches long . I do wish , however , that there were more color options than just green , blue and orange .
 These bibs are great while on the go . They are disposable which is even better . No need to carry around extra bags to keep dirty bibs in anymore ! They are lightweight and take up almost no space at all ! They are even good in the house when all the bibs are in the wash . We 've ended up doing that quite a few times and we have over 30 washable bibs . Too bad no one thought of these earlier .
 These are nice . I did n't realize there were different sizes available so I got these for my then 8 mo. old . They fit fine . The only problem is that she rips them off . However , she rips her cloth bibs off too .
 I love having bibsters - they 're great for going out , and going to the grandparents house ... just make sure you get the right size . I usually buy them in the store , but this time I bought them online . I did n't realize that there were two sizes , and I bought the small size -LRB- I thought the `` small '' meant a smaller box -RRB- . Not a huge deal - they still fit , but the larger bibsters would have been better for my 20-month old ... they are awesome , though !
 Not much to say other than it works as advertised . One thing worth nothing is that the circumfrance for the neck is kind of snug and is at capacity for our 11 mth old -LRB- granted , he isnt a small baby -RRB- .
 Pampers Small Bibsters with Leakproof Liner , Sesame Street characters , 20-Count , INCREADIBLE , not just for kids , I bought these for my wife at christmas . They were a massive hit at our latest house party . Fun for ALL the family , especially GIBBONS!BUY THEM NOW !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 My daughter and I have thoroughly enjoyed the Boppy . I have n't used it quite as much as I thought I would but I am definitely glad that we have one .
 Excellent product . It makes nursing so much easier !! I suggest bringing it to the hospital . I wish I had . I will for the next one . Helps keep mom comfy during long nursing sessions . Can also be used to help prop baby up when they begin to learn to sit or for them to lay in when they are little . Great gift idea .
 I find that the boppy pillow is very handy . It is soft and comfortable , our baby loves his . I gave 4 stars bc I found that it was difficult to breastfeed with -LRB- awkward -RRB- . Our dog even loves to lay in the boppy . I recommend this product highly .
 When both mom and baby are inexperienced at breastfeeding , the last thing you both need is to be fumbling around trying to get comfortable . The Boppy is just the right fit for everybody and there is no baby product that I used more than this pillow . If you 're looking for a practical shower gift , get her the Boppy . Mom will use it 8-10 times a day and take it everywhere she goes !
 I have a 35 week old preemie and I brought my boppie to the NICU w / me . I use it for feeds and holding him for hours at a time . It is very comfortable to use in the gliders that the nursery has and for keeping my arm from feeling tired while holding him . This is something that every mom should have to help with the growth of their babies . My first child loved hers and at 5 brings it out still for naps and lounging . Give it a try !!!
 My son is only a week and a half , but as of right now this pillow does n't really work well while I 'm nursing . He 's not quite high enough . After I get the hang of nursing better , and he gets a little bigger I 'm sure it will work better.This pillow does work great for my 3 1/2 year old while he 's holding the baby . And my husband likes to use it also . It is very comfortable to use while just holding the baby .
 I like the Boppy because it gives an extra boost and support during feedings - my arms do n't tire as easily . We also used this daily during the long NICU days with our son . It was awkward holding him with all of his tubes and wires attached , the Boppy made it more comfortable for all of us . The luxe cover is nice and soft and washes well , according to the label 's directions .
 The boppy has been a wonderful purchase . I actually have 2 here in the house , one upstairs and one downstairs . I use them every time I nurse , and my husband uses it when he gives our daugther a bottle . We also have 2 additional boppy pillows that were hand-me-downs . I keep one at each of the grandma 's houses so I do n't have to cart mine around . I find that the boppy luxe is well worth the additional cost over the regular boppy . The fleece texture and the velvety texture are wonderfully soft . The cover is extremely easy to remove , wash and replace . We purchased an extra cover to rotate with during washing .
 I love my Bobby pillow . I have little arms so it was much easier to rest my daughter on the pillow than try to hold her the whole time while nursing . When I 'm giving her a bottle I like to prop it under my arm so it does n't get sore . The cover is soft and fuzzy and it washes up beautifully . I consider this a must have !
 I have a big kid - at 5 months , he 's over 20 lbs . But with the boppy , I can nurse him with no strain on my shoulders or back . We can both be completely relaxed , which makes nursing so much easier ! It is one of the best baby gifts I got.A tip
 I purchased the regular Boppy first . I misunderstood the description and thought it had a removable cover which it does n't . It is washable but you put the whole pillow in the washer/dryer . The directions say to dry it with a green tennis ball -LRB- strange -RRB- . I decided to return it and get the Boppy Luxe which does have a removable cover . I like the fabric much better too . It is soft and warm whereas the regular Boppy material is more scratchy.Although I have n't used this product as much as I thought I would , when I have used it it 's been great . It 's good to remember to use it for those long , sleepy nursing sessions in the evenings . Keep a book by you ... I 've found I can nurse and read at the same during these long dozzy sessions . Since she 's been 3 months old I have occassionally put her in it like a little seat and play with her . She likes this for short periods .
 I first came across the Boppy my neighbor had across the street . She breastfed her kids exclusively , and when they were old enough , she used to sit them up in it to keep them from falling over as they learned to sit up.When it came time , I registered for one and ended up not using it until the third week or so . For some reason I had this picture in my head of it not fitting around what was left of my waist , but the pillow is super-bendable and pliable and fits just fine . It offered both me and my husband -LRB- and eventually his grandma -RRB- a good way to support him well while he both breast and bottlefed and we often used it on the couch in the early months -LRB- before he could flip over -RRB- to keep him nestled while he slept . Keep in mind that the Boppy tags warn you never to allow a baby to sleep in it - likely so they do n't fall through the middle and get the pillow over their faces - but we never left him unattended , and he slept better than just lying him on the couch alone since the Boppy curved around him so nicely.I 'd highly recommend this pillow to anyone , literally , since it works so well with both bottle and breastfeeding . I still use it these days to feed my son his bottle before his nap , and he 'll be a year old in two weeks . His legs hang off the end now since he 's so long , but he and I both still get nice support from our beloved Boppy .
 I love this pillow and recommend it for either bottle or breast feeding . It has really saved my back !!! It also helps my husband feel more comfortable that he is holding the baby in the right position when feeding . It is also a great way to prop up our son when he wants to look around and helps with his GERD after feedings .
 This is a great product for nursing moms and non-nursing moms also . I bottle fed my daughter and still got a lot of great use out of the Boppy . It was perfect for her to lay in on the floor and great for when she was learning how to sit up .
 The Boppy was helpful with breastfeeding , definitely , but also helps out with just simply holding your baby-my boy likes to fall asleep in my arms once in a while , and at this moment he 's about 19 lbs. , so he 's a bit heavy-just slide the Boppy underneath , and enjoy being close . Also , serves great when your baby is learning to sit on his own-it 's a great cushion . Overall , a product that makes life with a new baby a lot easier : -RRB-
 Three words ... BUY A BOPPY ! Its not just for breastfeeding moms , though I can definately see how it would be a great asset for those who choose to breastfeed.I 've used it during feedings , to take some strain off my arm -LRB- because baby can get heavy to hold in an upright position that is best for bottle feeding . -RRB- I 've also used it to prop my baby up in a sitting position and she loves it ! She looks so comfortable , I almost wish they made adult size boppys :--RRB- I have also put it around my waist -LRB- and yes , it does bring back prego memories ! -RRB- and layed the baby in it so she can snuggle close to me while my hands are free to do other things -LRB- read , change the channel , etc. -RRB- A great buy for every parent !
 This product is a must for any new mom . I started out breastfeeding and found the pillow to very helpful in positioning the baby . Due to medical issues I had to stop nursing but this pillow is still indispensable . I can prop my baby in it to feed him or for him to rest after feeding to allow his tummy to rest before laying him down . Often he is so comfortable he falls alseep in it like a recliner . I like the Bobby Luxe as you can easily change the slipcover which is necessary if you use it as often as we do .
 I am 24 weeks pregnant and I was told by my massage therapist to buy a boppy pillow now , so I could lay on my stomach comfortably during my massage . I purchased this boppy and I had my first massage yesterday . It was great laying on my stomach . Normally I would have to lay on my side which limits what the therapist can do . I just hope it works as well for breast feeding my baby when he or she arrives !
 I really did not think I would have a need for this item until a friend told me that if I were to breast feed , The Boppy is a must . She was absolutely correct ! I use it everytime I nurse , everytime my 4week old naps during the day , my husband even uses it to comfort our son ! I can also nurse and pump breast milk at the same time ! Its soft and easy to clean . I 'm only 5 feet tall and I have absolutely no problem . I guess its all in how you use it . The Boppy is an excellent product , worth every penny !
 I like this pillow . It was very helpful when I was nursing my newborn . The only improvement I can suggest is for the company to stuff it better . My boppy is pretty flat now-a-days from over use .
 As a first time mom , this boppy pillow has been very helpful while learning how to breastfeed . While my daughter lied snug and secure in the boppy , it left my hands free to do anything from repositioning her latch to cutting her fingernails . I especially like the boppy pillows with the fleece slipcovers because if your baby happens to spit up , the milk just runs down the slipcover without saturating the pillow beneath . I 've been using my pillow for 4 months now and everytime I take the slipcover off , I 'm surprised to see a stainfree pillow beneath . I 've tried breastfeeding without a boppy and it usually leaves me with sore arms and a sore back .
 this product is good for everyone . it is made for nursing but it is good for many other tasks . we use it to help our 5 year old hold the baby , the baby likes to sleep in it and just sit and stare . it will be usefull for more than just the first few months and it is easy to clean !!!
 I absolutely love my boppy ! It is one of the best things I received for my newborn ! I use it everyday for tummy time AND it is awesome for breastfeeding . In fact , I am -LRB- ... -RRB- feeding now and typing and it could n't be comfier !!!
 This pillow is great for nursing , and it saves your back . Also , my son loves to lay on his tummy and push up on his back legs . The pattern is adorable , and the material is VERY soft , but it does get pretty hot . My son was being bottlefed by my mother while on this pillow , and when I picked him up , he was sweating on his back . He was n't even there that long . I just learned to put a blanket inbetween him and the pillow that would n't pass heat through . Although I do n't like the fact that the fabric is hot , I do love the Boppy pillow . You can also buy covers . It 's definitely something all new moms need !
 The few times that I had to nurse my daughter without my wonderful boppy were the most uncomfortable -LRB- for me and my baby -RRB- and back straining times we had together . With the pillow I was able to commit all of my attention to enjoying the bonding experierence because I was n't struggling to keep her little body near mine . So with me relaxed she was relaxed and often she would fall asleep on her boppy on my lap . And since my arms and back were n't supporting her weight I could just watch her sleeping for as long as I liked without thinking about shifting her to get her in a more comfortable position for me .
 The Boppy Luxe was my best friend while nursing . It 's fuller and firmer than the regular Boppy . I have a long torso , so it put my son at the right spot for nursing , however a friend of mine said her son was too high to nurse . It 's also great for babies with acid reflux or gas who can not tolerate being on their backs . Some days it was the only place my son could sleep comfortably.I got this as a shower gift and went back and purchased another to keep at Grandma 's ! It 's well worth the $ $ $ !!!!
 Seriously - I ca n't ! Even at 6 months I still nurse her on her boppy - we are both more comfy and cozy ! It travels well and can be used for so many other things too ! It can used for belly time - my daughter was n't a fan of belly time so I put her so her arms were over the side and her legs were in the open portion . She loved it - we took great pictures and she was still building those core muscles . Now she sits in the circle and I know if she falls over she 's cushioned and safe . And even though she is young you can still see a sense of satisfaction in her face like hey look mommy no hands ! My 2 recomendations ? Get 2 - 1 for home and 1 for travel - then you always have it for whenever or whatever you need to use it without trying to remember it each time - there 's enough to remember each time you leave the house . And # 2 get an extra cover than one can be on while one is washing ! Enjoy ! Hope this helps !
 I do n't have children yet , but my profession is a photographer , and with infants so little it 's sometimes hard to get them in a perfect pose , the boppy is a great tool to get a natural look , you can cover it with a blanket to match whatever you want , so next time you go to get those special memories captured , bring along your boppy and introduce your favorite photographer to the boppy , -LRB- i also prop it up a little if they are on a table , and the camera is fixed ie jcpenney or sears -RRB- Congrats to all and many smiles !!!
 This was great for when the baby was small and having many feedings at night . We had one upstairs and downstairs -LRB- got two from shower and just kept -RRB- . We formula fed and still found it useful . We havent used it much to have him sit in it but it is nice for our son to lean on his tummy with . The softness of this one does exceed the others with regular cotton covers and this has a removable cover which was key
 I have to say - I love my boppy . However you can get these things for much less on Ebay ! Brand New !
 This is an excellent product ! I 've used it since we 've come home from the hospital for breastfeeding my son . As I shrunk back to my normal size and my baby has grown to the 95 percentile , it 's been a perfect fit for the both of us . It makes holding him so much more comfortable for the both of us . It provides great support and positioning for him as well . The fleece cover is very snuggly and the fact that it 's removable/washable is very convenient . A must have !
 I LOVE THE BOPPY !!! My husband bought this for me for our 4th child and at first thought I could just use a normal pillow ... NO WAY !! The boppy is a lifesaver and wish I would have bought one with my other children . 2 of my girlfriends are expecting and I have made sure to buy them the `` boppy '' as well ... I definitely recommend the fleece covers :o-RRB- Coodos to the hubby : o -RRB-
 Breastfeeding ... recovering from a C-section ... Arms get tired from holding baby ... . these are just in the first couple of weeks ! LOVE it !
 I love my Boppy pillow . The luxe cover is the way to go -- super soft and stays that way after washing , too . I use it nursing and to position my 7 week old in when we 're just lying around . Though I use this often and really have no complaints , I gave it four stars because of one issue . Because of its size , it is very difficult to use with a glider . At night I do n't use it for nursing because it does not fit between the arms of my glider and , when positioned on top of the arms , my son is too high to nurse . I 'm a petite person at 115 lbs , so I can imagine that other mothers might also experience this difficulty .
 Do n't hesitate to purchase the cloud boppy ! There are cheaper versions out there , but this one is the best ... it is soft , comfortable & has many uses - some of which include supporting baby while nursing , bottle feeding , or just cuddle time ... it really helps with supporting your arms & back and prevents soreness . It is also a great helper when older siblings , grandparents or visitors are holding baby . My baby is only 3 months old , so we have n't had the opportunity to enjoy all of the benefits of the boppy yet , but since we use it many times on a daily basis I highly recommend it .
 Not only is the boppy great for nursing , as it leaves you handsfree to change the tv channels , talk on the phone or even eat -LRB- especially in the early days -RRB- , but it 's wonderful if you have relatives or friends who are handicapped or elderly , who want to hold the baby but do not have steady arms or the strength to . My 91 year old grandmother loved to sit for hours with my baby and could easily do it with the boppy pillow . I ca n't even describe how indispensible it was for me . It was honestly my favorite baby item .
 The BOPPY is the BEST although the cotton BOPPY 'S are much cooler when you have your baby resting on you . This cloud BOPPY gets WAY TOO HOT . The soft velour feels nice but when you already have body heat this just adds to it .
 I love my boppy pillow ! After reading how many moms loved it , it bought one before my son , Landon , was born . It works wonders for breastfeeding and it is so comfortable to use . I would encourage all moms to get one !
 I have two in different parts of the house . After my C-section these really helped me to feed my son .
 The boppy pillow is a lifesaver ! When nursing , it keeps the baby propped up to prevent straining over . A savior for my arms and back ! It would work equally well for a bottle fed baby!Then , as the baby grows , it 's wonderful for tummy time -- props the baby up enough so they are more comfortable.Then when the baby sits up or is learning to sit , it is an excellent support and helps keep the baby sitting . Even my 7 month old still uses it !!! In fact , my two and four year olds use it too as a pillow when watching TV ! Our boppy is so well used and it is still in great shape !!!!!
 I never breastfed my son and this pillow has still served us well ! When he was a newborn , he took most of his naps on this pillow -LRB- with my supervision , of course -RRB- . There is more than one way for a baby to sleep on this pillow as you 'll soon find out . As he got a bit older it was very useful for tummy time , as the only way he would tolerate tummy time was on the boppy . Now that he is 6 months old it supports him so he can sit up without toppling over so much . This is definitely the # 1 baby product we 've found and I 'm recommending one to all my pregnant friends !
 I got this from our shower and even though I never nursed , I still found this boppy very helpful . After holding a baby for so long , your arm gets numb so I used this pillow to just hold my baby and still rest my arms . I also use this pillow for tummy time . My baby hates laying flat on his belly so I plop him on this belly down so he could still work out his neck muscles . I 've also used this as a prop to hold my baby up to take picturs . It 's great , even if you 're not nursing !
 I love the Bobby . What a wonderful idea . At first I did n't use it , until my back started hurting so bad from the strain of leaning over to feed that I could not sleep . Finally my husband reminded me that about the Bobby that I got from my baby shower . One day using the Bobby and my back has not hurt since ! We use it to prop our baby up and play with him , we use it for feeding him , my husband uses it everytime he holds our son when sitting down . I have two Bobbys and I ca n't stress enough how wonderful they are ... especially for large breasted women . The Bobby is our most used baby product besides our sons crib and changing table and Ocean Wonders Aquarium Swing .
 One of the best things created for moms in the last few years . Definitely a must have . It makes breastfeeding so much easier , plus it has other functions like propping baby up and to introduce tummy time . I absolutely love it , and there are so many different designs or covers . Great registry item !
 This boppy is a must have for breastfeeding and tummy time ! Highly recommend it !
 I love my boppy . So much that we have two for different parts of the house . I use it for nursing and as a seat for my baby . I have been using it recently for tummy time as well . He is 4 months and leans his chest on it as he plays with his toys over the side .
 Out of every single item that we bought for our first baby , this is the one that we use constantly . It is so comfortable for nursing and our baby loves to sit up supported with the Boppy . This is the one baby item that I would not do without .
 It 's amazing just how heavy six pound babies are ; the Boppy takes the ache away from your arms , keeps baby in a snuggly tight position and removes some of the worry of just how exactly you should position your child.My wife loves it , it 's a perfect nursing aide , I like it to keep baby propped up in and baby seems to love the warm fabric feel . Well worth the money .
 I never thought that this product would be useful , but I 've been to many baby showers and saw that at least 1 person purchase it as a gift . I really helps when your breastfeeding . It takes the weight off your hands and frees them . Plus , your little one will be position closely to your breast for feeding . Also , my little one likes to fall asleep in it . They recommend not to let your child sleep in it , but I never leave him alone in it .
 This is an awesome product especially if you are breastfeeding ... it 's the perfect height and size to hold the baby comfortably at breast level and it 's great to use as a pillow under your head when breastfeeding at night with the baby flat on the bed ... i even used it to sit on right after coming home from the hospital to reduce the pressure on my epesiotomy area !! You definitley need this pillow !
 I recieved a boppy for my second child and I wish that I would have had it to nurse my first child . It is wonderful to nurse with ; it puts you and the baby in a great position . Not only that , but the whole family has found a use for it . My 13 month old son lays in it and my husband uses it as a pillow for the floor . We love it and would recommend it to everyone . If you can only splurg on one item , this is it !
 i love this boppy , i use it every day . i have two of them so if i stack them and sit my son in the middle , he can sit almost upright and not fall over . he loves this . he also gets tummy time laying on just one of them with his arms over it .
 I love this nursing pillow . My daughter still loves it and she is 3 months old . My husband uses it as well when he gives her a bottle . It 's soft and cushy and it 's attractive . Do n't have to worry about loud velcro -LRB- like another nursing pillow -RRB- waking up the baby . We even use this pillow for `` tummy time '' . The cover is great and it washes really well - no pilling on this fleecey cover ! Great product !
 The boppy is a MUST HAVE for any mother whether or not you are breastfeeding ! My son uses his boppy for everything . Eating , sleeping , just hanging out , sitting , etc. . It 's a Godsent !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I have nothing but good things to say about this Boppy . I have used it from day one in the hospital . Having had a c-section , it was a big help with nursing . My son absolutely loves this pillow . He will lay in it and take naps during the day . It 's also good for tummy time , as you can lay them over the back of it . It is very convenient and comfortable for feeding . While my son is mainly breastfed , my husband also uses the Boppy to bottle feed our son on occasion . I recommend this for any parent .
 I got this pillow as a shower gift . Before my son was born , I used it to prop up my feet and ankles at night to reduce swelling . Since I had my son , it has been used at pretty much every feeding in a number of different ways . I delivered via c-section , so most of the time I put the pillow around my waist and use it to help me support the baby 's bottom . This has put a minimal strain on my stomach . My husband has actually used it to support his own head while feeding the baby . Those are just a couple of examples of how we 've used it so far.The material is so soft and cozy and the pattern is cheerful . I would definitely recommend it to anyone with a newborn !!
 The Boppy is a great tool for new moms and babies . I used it for breastfeeding - it works really well for this since it wraps around your waist so you can breastfeed in a number of different positions easily . The Deluxe Boppy is a bit fluffier and softer -LRB- with a washable fleece cover -RRB- which is also a plus . The best use for the Boppy was as a `` baby holder . '' We would swaddle our son in a receiving blanket and then position him like a peg in a doughnut hole . This was perfect for keeping him in a safe sleeping position -LRB- though the manufacturer advises against this -RRB- and he liked being at a slightly inclined level when he was waking up . A great addition to any baby nursery !
 I was excited to receive my Boppy Luxe , after hearing so many great things from other moms . I was not disappointed ... The Boppy made Breastfeeding easier , as I became more comfortable , I was able to read a book while feeding my son.I WAS disappointed that I could not use it while sitting in the glider during my late night feedings ! It just did not fit!Since weaning to formula feeding , I still reach for this pillow every time , and my husband also enjoys the extra convenience of Boppy.Also , the cover washes beautifully , I have had no problems with the quality of this product !
 I got my boppy as a shower gift and after my c-section I was only able to nurse my daughter comfortably using the boppy for the first month or so . After that I used it because I did n't have to support her weight with my arms -LRB- and tire them out ! -RRB- . Now she is 10 months old and when we sit in her rocking chair she snuggles up on the boppy and falls asleep immediately . Without it -LRB- the days I left it on the couch downstairs -RRB- she fussed and kept kicking the rocking chair as if she knew she was n't as comfortable!We also used the boppy to keep her upright before she could sit up by herself . It helped keep her sitting and she would also roll over onto her belly and hang out like that.This is a great buy and I definitely recommend the soft covering on the boppy with the clouds on it ! : -RRB-
 I use the Boppy pillow everyday to nurse my seven-week-old son . He fits perfectly on the pillow -LRB- the pillow is the right height , length and firmness -RRB- . When I was at the hospital , they let me use three pillows to sit him on while nursing and he would sink down or start falling off . Pillows just are n't as effective for nursing . The Boppy is also great for tummy time or to help him sit up for a moment . I highly recommend that every mom -LRB- nursing or not -RRB- get a Boppy pillow , it 's a great investment !
 This pillow was originally created as something that would allow babies to sit up on their own to provide a soft surface around their back and sides in case they fall over . It was a marketing device to sell these as nursing pillows . The midwives and nursing consultants I 've all spoken with hate this pillow for nursing . Unfortunately I thought this would make a great nursing pillow and so bought it before my baby was born and have wished ever since that I bought a real nursing pillow . What I ended up doing was putting this on my lap even though it comes too far around my back and so leaves a space between myself and my baby which she regularly falls into and then putting a second regular bed pillow on top so that she does n't roll around . Because the boppy is round my baby is very unstable on my lap without another pillow on top , it also does n't lift her up high enough without a second pillow . For a long time I only used two bed pillows and that was enough , so if you ca n't afford a real nursing pillow you can just use a couple bed pillows.When using this to sit up please know that it cause physical problems for a baby if they sit up a lot before they can get up on their own . So please be careful that you do n't use this too much with your baby before they can get up on their own . I never used this for my baby during tummy time . I found she has gotten moving very quickly by just putting her belly down . She did n't like it at first , but I 'd just pick her up when she started fussing -LRB- even if it was just a few moments -RRB- and over the months she has liked it more and more and can now spend up to an hour on her tummy going all over the living room -LRB- she is six months old -RRB- . So I really have n't found much use for it except for forcing myself to use it as a nursing pillow since I do n't want to spend the money on a good one . Just know that it may frustrate you if you try to use it for nursing.I gave it four stars because it works great for what it was originally designed for - to protect your sitting baby in case he/she falls over , but they advertise it as a nuring pillow which it was not well designed for .
 I am a first time Mom and I use this Boppy daily ! My son loves to sit in it and he does drift off to sleep in it too . Both my husband and I prop our son up in it to interact with him and we do n't have to worry about him tipping over . It is nice to have on the sofa with you so you can give your arms a rest with out the worry of the baby rolling off . It is also another place you can put the baby with out having to keep putting him in a bassinet or crib all the time . Great for tummy time too.I use it for nursing and do not have the problem of it moving around . In the hospital I used pillows and they worked fine , but the Boppy works much better for us . Pillows do have to be adjusted to get the right position for latching and the Boppy does not . I do recomend getting comfortable with some back support before nursing with the Boppy.Very good product and I do recomend it to all .
 At first I was not sure if this was an item that I would get much use out of . But , if you are breast feeding it is a must !!! The boppy helps support your body and your baby . And it makes breast feeding very comfortable for you and your baby .
 I received this boppy as a shower gift . After struggling in the hospital to position my baby with pillows for nursing , I was glad to come home and try out my Boppy . What a perfect fit !! This pillow works for nursing a baby , then transitions into support for a baby learning to hold up their head , then sit up ... etc. . You 'll use this pillow for months . I am sure that there are even more uses that I have n't even though of yet ... but , if you ONLY use it for nursing , you will still easily be getting your money 's worth . Have one ready for yourself when you get home from the hospital!On the practical side , the Boppy cover is easy to zip off and throw in the wash - it washes/dries well . Mine still looks pretty much brand new after months of use and many many washings .
 I had heard of this pillow from some new mommies . I also knew that a lot of them had planned to breastfeed and that was usually what it was used for . As a physical therapist and since my husband has some back pain occassionally , I knew that this would be a big help for bottle feeding as well . You can use it to support your arm that is holding the baby so you feel no strain in your arm , shoulder or back . So , that is initally what we used it for.Once we had it lying around though , we have found so many other uses . We used it initally for some of that recommended `` tummy time '' when he could n't tolerate lifting his head or chest at all . He used to just look down at the floor from it and seemed to be amused . Also , he started to try to climb over it since he really wants to move.I know that the instructions specifically state not to use it while sleeping . But , I think that is because it is a pillow , no doubt , but my son loves to feel cuddled and this pillow is great for that . So , he has taken naps in it and also we took this a long on our first road trip and he slept swaddled and in this pillow in the middle of the king size bed . It gave us peace of mind that neither of us would roll onto him , so it was a great barrier . And my son seemed to always like his head elevated when he slept , so this was a fantastic thing to own.We also let him rest in the Boppy when we have Sesame Street on TV or a music CD on . And he even liked to be propped up in it when we sing songs and move his arms and legs . That way I have two hands available and direct eye contact . Also , when he ca n't move , it was a great resting spot like when I had to run to the bathroom.Like I said , we loved it so much at first that after we had this Luxe Boppy which we use upstairs in his room , we bought a naked pillow with a Luxe cover for downstairs . I would recommend either , but as far as soft and plush , this Luxe Boppy is slightly nicer . And even if you are n't planning on breastfeeding , I have found a ton of uses for this pillow and my husband and I agree that it has been money well spent .
 I have tried both , the Boppy pillow and My Brest Friend . For breast-feeding newborn babies I think that My Brest Friend is a lot more comfortable to wear . Also , it fits better around you when you seat in a glider or rocking chair . But the Boppy also gets the job done.The reason I think the Boppy is a must have is because you will be using it a lot when your baby starts tummy-time and it is also great for when they are almost sitting down by themselves . It provides the support they need , while allowing for some independence . I have two of them and find myself using them all the time .
 I use this every day for everything ! Its so vital , for feeding , sleeping , cuddling , everything . I cant recommend it enough !
 I purchased my first boppy when my middle child was born . Hes now 2 and I purchased this one for my now 5 month old.Well first things are first , it IS a breastfeeding pillow , but its also MUCH more ! * First of all , breast feeding with the boppy isnt IDEAL , but it works . I am able to sit comfortably , with my son quite comfortable . I have heard that the `` brest friend '' is better for this , but since the boppy has more uses , I prefer it . * Same with bottle feeding , you can have the baby feel like hes nursing , so dads , you wont be left out ! * When its tummy time , you can use the boppy to prop up your baby . Niether of my boys would stay on their tummies without the boppy with them . * I used this -LRB- and still do -RRB- to prop up the boys for sitting up . My baby can sit up unnasisted , but he still prefers to do so with the boppy . * I also loved that my toddler -LRB- and 4 1/2 year old ! -RRB- likes to use the pillow to watch T.V on , and its GREAT for doing arts and crafts on -LRB- on the floor -RRB- . * I tend to use it on long car rides , its great neck support and really makes me feel comfortable . I also steal them when I sleep ! * The kids find many things to do with the boppys , including pillow fighting with them , using them as a `` desk '' while sitting on the couch , wearing it as a `` headband '' , using it as a headrest while watching T.V on thier backs , and making a boppy circle -LRB- you will need two , facing eachother forming a circle -RRB- and sitting in it ! * I also like that the boppy can be used outside with the vinyl cover . It protects your boppy , and also makes it GREAT when the kids are doing arts and crafts on the floor , they are leaning on your favorite pillow , and its okay ! * As far as washing your boppy , you can throw the WHOLE THING into the washing machine . When you throw it in the drier , throw in a tennis ball too , all of the smells , stains , and other things will soon dissapear after boppy is washed . It also doesnt fade all that much.As of now , the boppy has proven to be a source of endless fun , and is very useful ! I fully anticipate keeping the boppy way after my baby becomes older ... thats how great it is !
 The Boppy pillow is the one must-nave item for you and your baby . Use it around your waist to help support your newborn while he nurses ... mine is asleep on ours after nursing as I write ! At a few months of age , use it under his tummy to work on tummy time . Eventually , he can use it as a support when he learns to sit up ! With so many covers to choose from and so easy to care for , it 's something every new mom should have .
 If you are planning to breastfeed , this is a MUST . I never new how much I 'd need the Boppy but I really do . I 've tried using pillows to help support my baby while feeding and even tried just cradling him but both were a little difficult and uncomfortable . The Boppy saved my life . My baby is really comfortable on it and he is perfectly leveled to my breast which makes latching on a whole lot easier . Buy it NOW !
 This is by far the best nursing pillow i 've ever used . It makes it so very easy to nurse your baby , or if you just want to hold him in the boppy that works too . Some people say a pillow works just fine , but the pillow sinks down in the middle and it does n't wrap around you like a boppy does . The boppy also really helps to give your back a break , it just takes all the pressure off of it . I truley recommend getting one . It really is helpful !
 I LOVE THIS ! I AM A FIRST TIME MOM WHO BREAST FEEDS MY BABY AND I FOUND THIS TO BE SUCH A LIFE SAVER ! MY SON IS 9 MONTHS NOW AND WE STILL USE IT ALMOST EVERY FEEDING . IT SAVES YOUR ARM AND NECK FROM FEELING STRAINED AND HOLDS THE BABY AT JUST THE RIGHT LEVEL FOR NURSING . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANY MOTHER .
 I received this Boppy for a shower gift before my son was born and have used it with him since the day I got home from the hospital . I can not imagine trying to breastfeed without it . It keeps him in position , and is comfortable for both of us whether we sit on the bed , on the couch , or in a chair . He is 5 1/2 weeks and I plan to use the Boppy for months of nursing . He already knows that when I lay him on the Boppy , it is time to eat , and he calms down if fussing . This is probably the best gift I received !!!
 We just had a new baby boy and I feel like a new mother ! My older son is now 14 years old and boy have baby products changed since then ! I seriously considered comments and reviews when deciding which items I wanted , which I could live without , and what was an absolute must have . So I hope you find my review just as helpful when deciding on your purchase . I LOVE THE BOPPY ! At first my husband thought to was a joke , well until he used it for the first time . Now he wo n't feed without it ! It allows your baby to lay in a comfortable position and makes mommy very comfortable while feeding too ! It gives the perfect support for your arm and babys back . This is definitely one of our favorite purchases !
 At first we were hesitant to get this since it was slightly higher in price but I am so glad we did . This pillow has a very soft furry cover that comes off for easy cleaning and is absolutely wonderful for feedings , burping and tummy time . We use this more than anything else .
 I recommend this to any new mother . I have used this pillow in so many different ways ! It is such a relief for your back when nursing -LRB- and many bottle-feeding moms say it works great for that , too -RRB- . But we 've used it for far more than that.My baby spent many hours asleep in it . The way the pillow curled around her body made her think that she was being held . As an infant , she wanted to be held all the time , but I had things that needed to be done , so I 'd put her in the pillow and she was content!As she got a little older , I would prop her up on it for Tummy Time . She hated to lay flat on the floor because she could n't look around , so the Boppy was a perfect solution . It 's still the same concept , and she 's much happier.Finally , now that she 's -LRB- almost -RRB- sitting on her own , I sit her inside of the hole . Since she 's not the greatest at sitting yet , if she falls over , she lands on the soft pillow and we have no injuries!This is by far the product I 've used the most !
 Thanks to my best friend back in Ft. Lauderdale , she recommended getting a Boppy so I registered for one , the one with the clouds . She ended up getting it for me , sweet woman ! I never go anywhere without the Boppy . When I did forget it -LRB- one time and never again ! -RRB- , I tried using pillows and it just did not work out for b-feeding . It is a comfy pillow and has many uses beyond b-feeding . I hope all b-feeding moms get this lovely little pillow .
 We registered for this item before baby arrived , and thank God someone purchased it for us ! In the hospital we had problems with breastfeeding on day 1 , day 2 my husband returned with the Boppy Luxe in hand and it has been smooth sailing ever since . When I am sitting our daughter is comfortable , content , and at the perfect height to feed . My husband uses the Boppy when he is cradling her in his arms for extra support . Our daughter if given the chance falls right to sleep in the softness of this product . Other Boppy pillows are cheaper in price , however one of the features all three of us enjoy that is unique to this one is the fleece covering . I would have given five stars , except for the fact that the fit on my waist is not always comfortable in every seating situation . Great product though !
 The best tip that I got when I was pregnant was to get a Boppy . Then , if you have a vaginal birth ... SIT ON IT ! Sure enough , I did and I did ! It was so much better than the pillow that the hospital gave me for the same purpose.Yes , it is also good for feeding the baby . And it is wonderful when baby is three months or so and wants to be propped up a bit to see that ever-expanding world .
 I love this thing !!! I had never heard about them until I saw it in a pregnancy magazine . I then came online to read the reviews and ended up buying one for myself . It 's great for breast feeders and bottle feeders ! It puts the baby at the perfect level . My mom-in-law uses it just to hold the baby because it cradles the baby and allows your arms to relax . The cover is easy to wash , you just zip it right off ! My daughter is 6 months now and I still use it . I put it on the floor and put her in it . It supports her enough so she wo n't tip over , but helped her learn to sit on her own . It also works as a great pillow and neck support for lying on the floor or couch . i recommend it to everyone !!!
 We purchased the Boppy Luxe just before the arrival of our little one . My husband was skeptical , and thought the price was a little high . But , after spending three days in the hospital holding , feeding , and rocking our baby , we both had some sore shoulder and arm muscles . When we got home , I placed the boppy in his lap -- his first words were `` Ahhhh . This was the best investment we have ever made . '' We use the boppy at every feeding , as it makes holding baby much easier . Plus , the boppy is comfortable for baby . We highly recommend the boppy luxe .
 I love this product . Infact , I have two of them - one upstairs and one downstairs . They make life so easy when nursing or bottle feeding .
 I love the boppy , when my back hurts it 's the perfect way to nurse , baby loves to play on boppy !
 Just read the review that the boppy pillow had a full recall on it . Went looking for more info , ... and there is an impersonator pillow from some boston company that is the culprit ... not this one . This is the original one and currently has no recalls on it . This one is ok !
 We have used our Boppy for 3 mo 's . We do n't breastfeed but we still find Boppy to be indispensible . When Isaiah was born , Daddy made a special trip home just to get our Boppy for us to use at the hospital . Everyone loved bottle feeding with it . It has just the right smooshiness for supporting Baby and helps old Mommies and Daddies like us avoid those numb arms and crimped necks . We enjoy it for tummy time and sitting practice , too . During pregnancy , it was a mystery to us when friends told us to register for a Boppy and it seemed expensive but , once Isaiah arrived , we learned very quickly that a Boppy is worth every penny . Other friends have tried the Boppy competitors and not been satisfied . It 's hard to believe that the smooshiness , shape , size , fabric type , etc. are so critical but , when you feed a baby round the clock , they are , and Boppy has them mastered .
 You will never regret to get this boppy , babys love it , they sleep on it in the afternoon , much better than use a pillow under your arm , but you can find the same thing at Wal-Mart for ten dollars less , the one at Wal-Mart has Spill Proof cover , this one has soft touch material .
 This is one of my favorite items that I received from my shower . Every mother has to have it . I did n't breatfeed but this item is still useful . It is helpful when holding the child or rocking the child to sleep . It helps your back , arm , shoulders and ultimately is more comfortable for the baby as well.This item was also useful for elderly people in my family that did n't have the strength to hold the baby . This allowed the great grandparents and aunts and uncles to hold the baby as well with no discomfort . I wholeheartedly recommend this item.Now that the baby is older I use it to prop him while sitting . It really helps .
 The Boppy Pillow was one of the best things I received from my registry . It really helped my husband when feeding our son , where he could get him positioned just right . Also , when it was time to learn to sit up , it was a great tool . Cover was easy to wash ! Definitely worth the money !!
 Not only does it make holding and feeding your baby easier , but it also good for proping her up on the couch or floor . My 3 month old daughter loves to sit in it on the couch or on the floor and play with her toys or just look around .
 I received the boppy pillow as a shower gift and it is wonderful . It allows me to nurse my newborn comfortably . The support is great . I also use this pillow for tummy time with my newborn .
 I love this pillow !! When you see the picture or even when you see the pillow at the store you can not imagine how much this funny-shaped pillow will help you , but it does!For me it 's a must have , and the only reason I gave it 4 stars is that the boppy positioned my baby too low , even with my arm under him , so , I think I 'm the only one who has the baby too low instead of too high in the boppy , anyway , this pillow is worth every buck we spend in it.by the way , the clouds cover is the best .
 At first I was not sure if I wanted to spend so much money on a pillow . After a friends recommendation , I purchased the cloud boppy and have loved it ever since . After my baby started to gain wait , this helpd position him perfectly to breastfeed . He also enjoys laying in it to look around ; it positions him so he is able to see more things . It is also great for some tummy time . I have used it since he was about 2 wks old . He is only 2 mo and I have already gotten my money 's worth . I am sure we will be using it for several more .
 I do n't know how anyone got by before Boppy Pillows ! I love mine ... it not only makes nursing very comfortable , but also helps my baby to sit up by herself , and it helps with tummy-time . My only advice , make sure to get at least one extra Boppy Pillow cover so you have another one while it is being laundered .
 Great quality , love the clouds print , very useful . Do n't hesitate , buy it !!
 I am so happy with this pillow . I have used several different boppy pillows in the past , but this is by far my favorite , because it is so soft , and the cover is removable for easy cleaning . No complaints !
 This is a great item to have after a c-section . It is also great to have to help prop your baby up on his belly or to help him to sit up on his own .
 After my c-section this pillow was a godsend ; trying to hold a child in the correct nursing position with your abdomen stitched shut can be incredibly painful those first few weeks , especially when they take a few times to latch on correctly . This pillow supports their weight for you so you do n't have to . You can also use bed pillows , but my son is now 5 months old and I still enjoy using my Boppy . It still positions my son just right for nursing even though he 's grown quite a bit . I definitely recommend this product .
 I love using the boppy , not only for the baby but for me . It is great to sit on post episiotomy and also to use as a back rest when breastfeeding in furniture that sinks in .
 Best . Product . Ever.Great for breastfeeding comfort , and also once baby gets older and is learning to sit unsupported.I stopped using mine a while ago , but am so attached to it , I 'm not sure I can give it away !
 I LOVE the Boppy pillows ... I have 2 . My son is now 4 1/2 months old and we use it all the time . I still use it to nurse with him and he weighs 15 1/2 lbs . It helps make nursing easier and as your baby gets older you can use it for tummy time
 This pillow is great for breast or bottle feeding . Comfy and soft and big enough to fit around my still swollen abdomen !!! The cover washes easily ... I got mine as a gift and would buy one for any mom to be !!!
 Whether you are breast or bottle feeding a boppy is a must have ! It is much easier to hold your little one for long periods with this item . I really comes in handy for those middle-of-the-night feedings when you are totally exausted ! There were times when my son would only sleep if I held him . The boppy has saved my life !
 Whether it 's a break on the couch , a cute pose for a picture , getting tummy time , or nursing `` wherever '' , I find a way to use my Boppy ! My husband and I even say , `` It 's a boppy day , '' when it 's a beautiful blue sky with puffy clouds ! : -RRB- This will definitely be my staple baby shower gift because I do n't know what moms do without them ! They 're definitely not just for nursing ! It makes the photos of my son `` sitting on his cloud '' priceless ! He 's 7 months old and we still use it in various ways .
 I 've had the boppy for my most of my kids . I LOVE IT ! When they 're newborn , you can use it for breast/bottle feeding , and I could let an older sibling hold the baby by putting this on their lap and the baby on the boppy . Once they 're old enough to start trying to sit up , you can prop them up on this . It also helps for tummy time . My older kids use boppies sometimes as pillows while watching tv ! Boppies come in a ton of wonderful designs and covers ! I Love Boppies !
 As a new breastfeeding mother , I assumed I 'd need a boppy pillow . Does n't everyone get one ? Well , after spending a week in the hospital with my newborn -- propping him up on pillows to breastfeed -- I was thrilled to come home to my boppy . The nursing pillow makes life so much easier . In fact , I bought one for each story of my house . I did n't want to have to run up and down the stairs each time I needed to feed my baby . My husband uses the pillow to help him hold the baby , as well . We love our boppy pillows ! They make life with a newborn so much easier .
 I had never heard of such a thing . When I went to visit my new Granddaughter and held all 8 # 15oz . of her , I remembered how sore your arms and shoulders get . Even if you do n't breastfeed , the Boppy is wonderful . I wish they would have had them 30 years ago . Grateful Grandma
 I used it everytime I breastfed . It helped tremendously especically during those first demanding weeks . My son is now 4 months and we use it when he 's under toys , laying back on the floor , for tummy time , and for support while he 's learning to sit . It has been one of the most used item I registered for and I highly recommend it !
 This is a must have for a breastfeeding mother ! My daughter is 3 months old and I do n't leave home without my Boppy ! I did n't have much use for it for the first few weeks because you really have to support a newborn 's head to help guide them to the breast . But , once she had better control , we started using the Boppy all the time ! They also sell covers so that you can change them on a regular basis .
 This boppy has been great for me while I 'm breastfeeding . My husband even enjoys using it when he bottle feeds . It is comfortable and super convenient .
 I registered for this just because I wanted to register for everything possible for my baby . When I received it at my shower everyone was laughing about it . To think a weird looking pillow could be so wonderful ! Well it is wonderful ! Nursing did not work out for me but I still use this boppy all the time . Rather to give my arm some support when feeding my daughter or setting her in it on the floor when I have to run and do something quickly . It is a wonderful thing !
 My son and I use this Boppy every single day for nursing -- it is excellent in every way . Very comfortable , washable cover , and the cloud design is really nice -- the fabric is soft and comfortable . It perfectly positions my baby for nursing -LRB- no matter what his age -- he 's 7 months old now -RRB- . I highly recommend this Boppy !
 If you are expecting a baby , you need a Boppy ! As a nursing mother , I do n't know what I would have done without this pillow , particularly in the early days when I was trying to figure it all out . It gets the baby in the right position so he/she does n't have to search for the breast and the mother has a hand free to guide the baby.As she got older , I no longer needed the pillow for nursing . Instead , the Boppy was being used to prop her up after feedings and for naptime . Then , I started using it for tummy time and then to give her support as she learned to sit.I recommend this to every mother out there!This particular slipcover is very soft and comfy , although it does become less so after numerous washes . I still recommend getting one , though .
 This was our life saver for our sons first 9 months !!! We used this for ever bottle feeding . Our son was super comfortable and relaxed during feedings . Was especially great those first couple months during the night feedings . I could sit up in bed and feed on this him well I was still relaxed !!! The fleece cover is the best too . Super soft !!! The other covers feel kind of scratchy and are definetly not as soft as this one !!!!
 This is one of the best things to happen to breastfeeding . While pillows work just fine , the boppy is so much better . * You have to keep adjusting pillows . But , once you slip the boppy around your waist , it stays put , allowing you to switch your baby to the other breast easily . * Because pillows have to be manipulated for proper support , you still have to use your arms to support baby 's head and maintain proper feeding positions . The boppy supports baby 's head for you and cradles baby in the proper position for feeding -LRB- even supports the football position -RRB- . And the best part is that YOUR HANDS ARE FREE to change the channel , answer the phone , reach for your water , caress baby 's hair.If you are breastfeeding exclusively , you may want to buy an extra slipcover so you can still use the boppy while one slipcover is in the wash . I mix in the occasional bottle of pumped milk in which case I do n't use the boppy , so I 've managed just fine with only the one cover.I ca n't use my boppy when I sit in my glider , so I bottle feed in the glider and use the boppy when I 'm on the couch.The boppy is also great for propping up your baby next to you so you can play face to face . It is also great for giving your baby some tummy time.This is a must haveAnd my daughter loves to stare at the clouds .
 When people ask me what I think are essential baby items , The Boppy is one of the first pieces of baby gear that I think of . The Boppy is a baby item that you will use everyday and for years . My one-month old and I are happily using our Boppy , and my 3 year old still uses hers as a TV pillow.So , what do you do with a Boppy anyway ? 1 . The Boppy is a breastfeeding pillow . We 've all been told that breast is best , but breastfeeding can be hard -LRB- worth it 100 % , but it is not always easy -RRB- . The Boppy makes breastfeeding easier . It gives your arms a place to rest and helps a new breastfeeding mom to position her baby properly .2 . The Boppy is a bottle-feeding pillow . Though it is designed as a breastfeeding pillow , bottle-feeding moms and dads can use The Boppy to hold baby in the breastfeeding position while giving baby a bottle . This helps make a bottle-feeding session a bonding session as well .3 . The Boppy is a bolster . Use your Boppy as a positioner to keep baby from rolling off of a couch or adult bed . Baby sits snuggled in the center with his head supported by the pillow .4 . The Boppy is a great tool for learning to sit up . When your baby is learning to sit on his/her own , sit baby firmly in the center and let go !! If baby falls , he/she is protected by The Boppy .5 . The Boppy is a toddler pillow . Toddlers love using their Boppy as a pillow for lying down to watch TV , looking at a book or when coloring . It 's their special pillow , the one they 've used since they were born .
 Nothing is too much to say say about the Boppy pillow . It makes such a big difference feeding the baby that I do n't think our baby got fed once without it . Out Boppy travelled across continents , on airplanes , in cars , anywhere , we just would not leave without it.It is a much needed article . Feeding time becomes easy and relaxed , it helps your back and arms , it is warm and soft for the baby , it actually helps the mother and father correct their posture as they feed the baby , a total must have.I 've heard that Swiss hospitals offer this pillow to new mothers , I could not think of a better gift for a baby shower , as long as you buy it before the baby is born , because it helps mothers learn the right feeding position and it may make the challenge of brastfeeding a much easier task .
 I LOVE this pillow ! Not only do I use it constantly for my baby for feeding , tummy time , sit up time , the works , but I ca n't take a nap without it ! This is the most comfortable pillow ever invented . I highly suggest buying one even if you are n't ever planning on having children ! So go ahead and buy one as a shower gift and get one for yourself too while you are at it . The Boppy was one of the best gifts I got at my baby shower . I ca n't imagine life without it ! Worth every penny and then some .
 How did mothers breastfeed their babies before this was invented ? Boppy pillows are the best . Make sure you get your 's before the baby is born and take it to the hospital with you ! It 's also great to use as a support when baby is first learning to sit up . It 's become my staple gift to give at showers . By the way , do n't waste your money on the Luxe , I 'd recommend getting the standard or naked boppy . When baby or mommy `` leaks '' on the pillow - the milk can get the fabric of luxe somewhat matted . The plain cloth is much easier to spot clean .
 I registered for this pillow to help me breastfeed . It has turned out to do everything but cook ! I use it all the time to prop my son up -LRB- from birth to now , which is 3 months old -RRB- . He loves to sleep in it -LRB- which I know the label says babies should n't sleep in it , but he is on the floor and we are watching him at all times -RRB- . When he is really uncomfortable with gas , it is the only thing he can sleep in . Also , this is great to breast or bottle feed -- the arm holding baby 's head gets so sore , and this way you can rest your elbow on the pillow . I ca n't recommend it enough !
 As a first-time mom , I was overwhelmed with the number of products touted as absolutely essential by baby product manufacturers . However , I can honestly say that the Boppy is one baby product I would n't want to do without.The Boppy made breastfeeding so much more comfortable . No one tells you -LRB- so I will ! -RRB- that breastfeeding involves holding a particular physical position , without moving or breaks , for 20-30 minutes up to 10 times a day -- do the math ! That 's a long time each day to hold a pose . Add that to the fact that pregnancy takes quite a toll on your back , and you really need some relief.The Boppy holds your infant just a few inches higher on your lap so that you do n't bend down to the infant -LRB- which is bad breastfeeding posture and torture on your back -RRB- or have to lift your infant and support all of his/her weight with your arms for every feeding . Could you achieve the same result with careful pillow arrangement ? Yes , but the Boppy does so quickly and easily , which is exactly what you need with an impatient newborn howling for a feeding.After months of compensating for a pregnant belly , there were times -LRB- and still are , 5 months later -RRB- when my back simply has had enough and goes into spasm . The Boppy really helps to prevent a lot of back pain , and relieves some of the pressure when your back is already in pain . I like this particular Boppy because of the ultra-soft cover , which has held up amazingly well through many washings . I highly recommend this product to every mom who plans to breastfeed , and I believe it would be helpful for bottlefeeding , too .
 One of the best products I 've bought for my baby : -RRB-
 I bought this because my sister had something like it when she was breastfeeding , and she said it really helped with positioning her baby . When we first started breastfeeding , about an hour after I gave birth , it was really hard to hold my baby to my breast . It was too difficult to support his head with my arm , and regular pillows did n't work . The only way I could comfortably feed him is with the boppy . This one may be a little more expensive , but it has a cute fleece cover that easily washes and stays very soft . You can use the boppy for feeding , positioning baby on his belly or back , or even for you to sit on after giving birth -LRB- like a doughnut -RRB- to help with perineal pain . The possibilities are endless !
 I love my Boppy ! I would sit in my rocking chair and have my newborn son on it so comfortably , that an hour could go by and we wouldnt have even noticed .
 I love our boppy and happily use it for breastfeeding and now to prop up our daughter . HOwever , i just heard about another brand that has a buckle so that you can continue to feed and stand up to get a glass of water or something . I ca n't say how many times i wish the boppy had that feature !
 This pillow and a burpcloth are all a new mom needs to breastfeed comfortably . The design is great because it takes all the weight off your arms while you are cradling your baby and I can sit anywhere with this pillow and feed which makes the feedings more enjoyable . This one in particular is great because it comes with a removable , washable cover . A great feature considering how often babies spit up . This design goes well with the Silver Lining crib set in keeping with the cloud theme .
 I did n't use this Boppy to feed my baby , but she loved laying it since birth . I would put it on my bed and she would love to lie in it and watch me while I got ready in the morning . It was also great when my husband and/or I would be in our living TV and could not hold her . It keeps her on an incline so she can see around her which she loved . Was wonderful when she was still too small for a bouncer .
 This boppy is by far the best ! This particular pattern is so soft and beautiful . My daughter looks so comfortable when she lays on it . It is a must have when you feed your little one .
 I have been home with my newborn son for two days and this pillow has been a godsend ! I use it constantly to feed or just hold him and my arms are not at all tired - as they would be having to support his weight . He loves being on it an my lap at the same time . It is very cozy and secure.The size is fine for me - a small framed woman , and my husband - a large man , wiast size 36 . Do yourself a favor and have this ready for your new baby !
 I had received this Boppy product from my shower and have used it everyday since . If you intend to breastfeed your baby , hold your baby for long periods -LRB- and want to sit on the sofa comfortably -RRB- , take pictures of your newborn propped up , get this product . It has helped me immensely with breastfeeding alone and every NEW mother knows how hard this can be . The Boppy is an `` extra hand '' to help support your fussy new one who is learning how to breastfeed with you ! Definitely a must have !
 Even though this one was a bit more than some of the others out there , it is the most soft ! I have talked to other moms who have different ones and they say the fabric is n't soft enough and they need to use a towel on top of it .
 I LOVE , LOVE , LOVE my boppy . It was the one thing I made sure that I got when I had my son . It 's great for breastfeeding and lots of other uses . I use it for support while reading or writing in the living room . What is really funny is that I love my boppy so much I that every time I sit down I have to have it around me ! Even when sitting with my boyfriend !
 This product does not fit plus sized women when used to try to breastfeed . I figured that it would n't fit well but I knew that my baby would like to sit in it or be propped up by it . My friend lets her preemie baby sleep in it propped up every night . I would like to suggest that the makers of the Boppy make it in a large size for us `` fluffy '' Moms .
 if you pregnant buy this is the best product if you going to breast feed very confotable
 This is the greatest invention ! More comfortable that using a pillow to prop up your baby -LRB- or grandbaby in my case -RRB- . Feeding and rocking is morecomfortable , no strain on the arm or shoulder holding the baby .
 This pillow was a wonderful help during my breastfeeding time and helped prevent the back pain that comes with that slouched position you get into while trying to keep the baby comfortable . Now that I have stopped breastfeeding my baby loves being propped up in this pillow so he can sit on his own and look around the room at everyone .
 the boppy is so useful that i bring it to my mother 's house when we visit because a regular pillow just wont do . puts my daughter at just the right height for nursing and/or bottle feeding . Also , my arms , or my baby 's head , did not rest on the arms of the rocker and made sitting in the rocker for longer periods a lot more tolerable . when my daughter was a newborn i felt like she and I were both well-supported and very comfortable . also , as a newborn it brought her within eye range while we were sitting , without much effort on my part .
 Feeding a newborn every 2 hours in the middle of the night can make you extremely tired . The Boppy was very helpful in supporting my baby when my arms could n't do it anymore . My husband looked at me sideways when he first saw the Boppy , but after the baby came home and he realized how hard it is to support a baby in your arm for an extended period , he started using it too !
 I researched which kind of nursing pillow to buy and decided on the Mothers Brest Firend pillow instead of Boppy . When nursing with the Brest Friend pillow the baby lies flat and not on an incline . It is very difficult to adjust the baby with the Brest Friend . I received a couple weeks later as a gift the boppy deluxe pillow and love it ! It is comfortable for me and the baby and I can nurse the baby correctly . He loves to nap around the pillow also .
 We got this to support our arms while bottle feeding -LRB- though it seems to be known for breastfeeding-it is helpful to us bottle feeders as well . -RRB- The unique shape is great because it can be turned to be comfortable for different sized people and different height chairs . Also , our 2 week old loves to lie in it . It keeps him snuggled and supported and it gives our arms a break now and then ! :-RRB- The pillow is so soft that sometimes when I snuggle with him in it that both of us take a little nap ! It is a bit pricy -LRB- that 's why it 's 4 stars and not 5 -RRB- , but it makes a great gift !
 My daughter has three of these . One upstairs , one in the nursery , and one wherever she needs it . She said it makes nursing so much easier , as baby is at the perfect level . She also enjoys having her hands free to play with baby 's toes , hair , etc. . We even use it when someone in the family gives my grandson a bottle . It 's too bad we did n't have these 28 years ago when we were nursing our own children !
 I have this pillow and a washable cover for it . I love it ! I have used it from birth up and my boy is 4 months now still using it . He used it at first for breast feeding , by wrapping it around my tummy . It was a relief for me and cushy for the baby . Then -LRB- if you can picture this -RRB- we used it as a `` C-Clamp '' for the baby at night . We would lay him on his side to sleep , and then place the boppy around him from his feet . That way it kept his feet warm and served as a position stabilizer keeping him on his side with one end of the pillow touching his back and the other touching his tummy.We used it as a lounge to lean him in as a newborn . And now we are using it as a chair to help stabilize him sitting up . It seems like there is nothing this pillow wo n't do . Give it a week and we will think of a new use for it . I am VERY glad that I got his pillow .
 We received this as a shower gift for our son . I started out breastfeeding , but later , due to medical reasons , had to bottle feed . It works wonderfully for both ! The baby is very comfortable , and , if you place baby just right , it leaves mom with an empty hand ! Awesome if you are trying to eat at the same time , or just want to read a magazine ... just be sure that baby is stable .
 I received this boppy pillow as a baby shower gift , and it is one of the only baby items that I would never do without . I breastfed and bottle fed my daughter , and I was comfortable using it for either . It also made rocking my baby more comfortable because it provided support for my arms . As my daughter got older , she enjoyed being propped up by the pillow so that she could look around . I would recommend this to any new mom !
 Great to use for feeding , support for baby 's sitting -LRB- learn to sit -RRB- , and comforable . Great gift !
 I loved this pillow . It was great when I was breast-feeding and then great for bottle feeding . My son also loved it for tummy time and to be propped up while he was learning to sit up . The cover is very durable and withstood multiple washings . Even now , my son -LRB- 9 mo. old -RRB- loves to crawl over it and play with it .
 I am breastfeeding my 10wk old and I use this everyday !!! It is worth every penny . I love this particular design , the best . It is also soft and cozy as described for baby . It is great because it helps hold my son 's weight when I am feeding him which is great since he is a big boy!I thought I would revise this now that I am on my 2nd baby who is 5 months and 18 pounds . I use this daily and highly recommend it .
 Also works by turning the boppy around . My husband and I both use it this way - with the opening away from us . It gives extra support under our arm . Oddly enough , neither of us is comfortable with it around our waist . So yes there are other ways to use it . Like other reviewers have mentioned about resting the baby in it or on it for tummy time or naps , or even as a great neck pillow .
 I originally put this on my baby registry figuring that I would use it for breastfeeding . When my daughter came 5 weeks early and had tons of problems latching on , we ended up bottle feeding for a while . I did n't want this to go to waste , so we ended up finding different uses for it.She loves being put in it to sit for a while . I think it 's because it makes her feel like someone is still holding her . Almost immediately , she falls asleep when we put her in it . It 's been a god-send on those late night wake-ups !! Now that she 's actually breastfeeding , it 's really come in handy for that too !! I do have problems putting it around my waist , but you can always work around that!Buy one for every level of your house !!
 This is the greatest thing that you can get ! I breastfeed my baby with it every time , unless we 're out somewhere . She loves it . It supports her , so she 's comfy while she eats . What could be better than laying your head on a pillow to eat ? She does n't like it when we do n't have it with us and she has to lay on my boney arm ! Plus , your hands are free when you do n't have to hold them . I 've eaten over my daughter many evenings ! She 's 4 months old and we still use it . It is also good to help them sit up later . This is definitely worth the money . This one is good because you can wash the cover , which I 've had to do . You ca n't help but get milk on it sometimes ... or spit up . A BIG must have for moms !
 If you are going to breastfeed your baby , you have to have a Boppy . In the hospital I was trying to use regular pillows and it just did n't work well . When I got home , I used the Boppy which solved a lot of problems . It 's also nice that the cover is removable for washing .
 I 'm a mother of a three year old and one of my friends gave this gift to me before she was born and it is the best thing ever . I would use it to breastfeed and also to sit her in the floor to play . I know I used this for at least the first six monthes . Great gift for any mother-to-be .
 my son and i use it every day for nursing as well as for tummy time , as a recliner and sitting positioner . we think its great ! the fabric is very soft and comfortable compared to the regular boppy its worth the extra $ $ since babies face will most likely end up on it . . its also very easy to clean just unzip and throw it in the washer . . i hadnt planned on registering for this but on the suggestion of a friend i did . . my one complaint is that being a fluffy mom it doesnt fit around my waist as good as id like . . it slides out . . all in all its a great product
 Get the Luxe ... it is worth the extra money . Great product . I got it as a shower gift and did n't think that I would want it , so I keeped it in it 's bag for a possible return . I had my baby and decided to give it a try first . He loves it . The fleece makes it that much more warm and inviting . Tried the standard boppy ... it 's fine but for a few dollars more it will make a impact in comfort . Good Luck .
 I heard many things about the Boppy pillow before I purchased one . I was told that it was awful for breastfeeding by some and wonderful by others . My son is 2 months old and I have to say that in his first few days of life , the Boppy just did n't work for me . Maybe I did n't know how to use it correctly or it could be that he was too tiny for it then -LRB- 5 pounds when we came home from the hospital -RRB- . But , by his 3rd week , I started to use it and I LOVE it ! I am even considering buying one for travelling out ! He is completely supported during feeding and I have nodded off several times only to find him still nursing contentedly when I snap back to reality ! Sure , it gets flat like any other pillow , but I just plump it back up with some prodding and we 're ready to go ! When he falls asleep nursing , I just put him to my chest , push the pillow aside , and place him in his bassinet . There 's no velcro noise to deal with and no trying to extract myself from a pillow ! Fantastic product !
 I love my Boppy . I use it for support during breastfeeding as well as support while I am holding my little one . This helps my arms to not get so tired while holding the baby and it also is great when I need to put her down to get dressed . I prop her head up on it and do what I need to do without worrying about her rolling . I like the Boppy so much I bought a second one so I have one for the main level of my house and one for the basement . To me it really is a must have !
 My son absolutely loves this Boppy . I 've used it for breastfeeding him since birth and I now use it for breast and bottlefeeding . I 've noticed that he is less fussy and eats much better when on the Boppy versus being on a regular pillow or even in my arms . He has fallen asleep on this thing after eating about 95 % of the time . I do n't think I can go anywhere for too long without it . I have many uses for it such as :1 -RRB- I can breastfeed him easier by wrapping the Boppy around my waist while he lays on it .2 -RRB- Cut his nails after he falls asleep . The Boppy elevates him so the distance between us is close and does n't strain my back from crouching .3 -RRB- Bottlefeeding by placing him in the center which keeps him inclined for easier feeding . This also helps to keep him in one place and not slide down sideways the way regular pillows do .4 -RRB- Keeping him still or in one position for a while when I need to . My son moves and squirms a lot and the Boppy helps to hold him still because of the two large arms that cradle him on each side .
 Being that I 'm 5 ' 9 '' holding the baby up while nursing was imaginably uncomfortable . I had been using a pillow and it was making my arms ache . When I confided in a friend that I was having a hard time she suggested the boppy pillow . I bought one and I was in love , It gave me the extra boost I needed to feed her better . Within a month I had to stop breastfeeding . Ironically the boppy pillow was great even then . Both my husband and I were able to use it when we held her for feedings . As she got older we used it to allow her to lay on her belly and play and for when she was holding the bottle herself . Next we began placing her in the middle to help stablize her while sitting up . Now she 's 19 months , and it still goes along with us all the time . She uses it as a makeshift desk at basketball games , while waiting at the doctor 's office , or even just to lounge on at nanny 's house.This pillow has had formula , juice , milk , spit-up , everything spilled on it . It cleans up very easily . It can be thrown in the washing machine , and it maintains it 's shape and firmness . I 've also noticed that no matter how many times her diaper has leaked on it , it holds no odor . Wash it and it 's clean.Another plus is the zipper up vinyl pouch it comes in . I 'm glad I kept it . At first I wondered why on earth I would need it but now when we got to soccer games or to the park or the playground , she can lay it right down in the grass or dirt and I 'm not worried about it getting filthy . Plus it doubles as a little table on hese occasions and when she 's done getting food all over it I just wipe it clean with a baby wipe.Fingerpainting was an acivity I was reluctant to attempt , until a friend suggested I lay newspaper down , place the boppy pillow in it 's vinyl pouch and lay her down on her chest and let her paint . I do n't have to worry about it getting all over my furniture or her.And do n't think you ca n't use it too , next time you have a really long car ride and you 'd like to be able to relax a little more , use it yourself as a neck pillow.I Love this Pillow , It 's rather inexpensive and very very useful . I think it 's a must have .
 The first time I used a boppy was for my daughter 3 years ago and it was a lifesaver ! It makes holding your baby so much easier and your arm does n't fall asleep and also the baby is very comfortable on this pillow . I purchased this new boppy with the clouds for my new baby and I love this one even more ! This boppy is made out of soft fleece material instead of cotton and its so much better . I am nursing this baby so the boppy is a need for me because theres times when I nurse him while I 'm eating dinner and this helps alot ! -LRB- I have a hand free -RRB- When your baby gets alittle older you can also prop the baby up with it because you know they like to see everything going on ! -LRB- just never leave baby alone on it or allow them to sleep on it alone ! -RRB- I hope this helps and whether you are nursing or bottle feeding you and your baby will love your boppy !!!!!!!!!
 This is a remarkable item ! I can not tell you how essential it has been for me to have my boppy over the last 9 weeks ! I even brought it with me to the hospital and I am so glad I did . Breastfeeding is not that easy at first -LRB- well it was n't for me anyway ! -RRB- , your baby is so small and has no head control . This pillow allows you to set the baby in cradle , cross-cradle , or football position easily -LRB- which was essential for me after a c-section -RRB- and allows him/her to latch on with little effort . When using regular pillows , it is such a struggle . I have always had to fold them , or rearrange them during feeding , or if I want to switch sides , it 's a real pain . Also , I could never get the pillows high enough to make my daughter breast level , which is essential to a proper latch . I would have to bend over . This pillow raised her -LRB- almost -RRB- to that level , and with a little support from my hand for her head , voila ! It has been one of the best baby products I received . I highly recommend that you get this if you are planning to breastfeed . Plus , she loves to hang out on it after nursing , or if she 's just relaxing , it props her up nicely ! Finally , it washes nicely too , I 've washed both the cover and the pillow and they have come out quite nicely . This is a product whose purchase you wo n't regret !
 I had a terrible time trying to get my newborn son to latch on after having a c-sect . My girlfriend came to stay with me for a week and brought this pillow and it was like a miracle . I was comfortable . He was comfortable , and like a DREAM after a few minutes , he was latching on and doing great ! Sometimes i need to run out of the room for a minute to grab something out of the oven or whatever and i 'll prop Joseph up on our pillow . I did this one day and when i came back , he 'd fallen asleep . It is a good idea to hold your baby upright after feeding for at least 30 minutes , so this is a great way to do it without having to hold your baby the whole time . The boppy pillow is one of my favorite things . My husband says it has been a life saver , and it truly has been . At only -LSB- $ $ -RSB- -LRB- this one is -LSB- more $ $ -RSB- because of the plush cover -RRB- this makes a great shower gift for anyone whether they plan to breast or bottle feed .
 As a new mom , I found out in the hospital -LRB- literally , from day one -RRB- that my Boppy was the most valuable baby item I had . Not only can you use it for nursing , but you can prop the baby up for pictures , dad can use it for bottlefeeding and you and baby will be more comfortable in general for feedings . When my 3 month old daughter starts sitting up , it will be invaluable for supporting her until she can do it on her own . Also , she definitely knows when she is not on her boppy -- she squirms and ca n't get comfortable to nurse . Kind of like when you 're traveling and you forgot your pillow . That 's why I bought two and I 'm thinking about a third ... Also , interestingly enough , in those early days , she wanted to be held all the time and the boppy fooled her into thinking that she was still being cuddled when I needed a few minutes to do something . I would n't recommend letting the baby sleep in the boppy without your supervision , though . They tend to slip down inside of it after a little while.Finally , buy the kind with a removable cover , or buy an extra cover for yours . There will be lots of spit up milk and it 's nice to wash the cover . I threw my whole boppy in the machine -LRB- the one without the removable cover -RRB- and it did lose a little of its firmness . It still works fine , though . Keep the plastic zippered package it comes in , too.For every baby shower from here on out , they 're getting a Boppy from me .
 This should be put on every baby registry !!! I wrap it around me and lay my son on it to breast feed . He 's comfortable , I 'm comfortable - we 're both happy.It even graduates ! My son used it to lay on his back between the Bobby so he could look around during his first 2 months . Now that he 's in the head-up phase , he lays on his stomach between the Boppy , and can be part of all the family going-ons . Highly recommend it for breastfeeding moms .
 Okay , so I 'm not a nursing mother . In fact , I 'm a dad , so I guess I ca n't speak from personal experience about the usefulness of this product for nursing . I do know that my wife loves it , though . And I even use it sometimes when I 'm holding our son -- I find that it is just high enough to set on my lap , and I can rest my arms against it and hold the baby without tiring my arms.The boppy has many uses , one of them being that you can put the baby in the hole in the middle and sit him up in a sort of reclining position . Our son finds this to his liking , and we often sit him up in it while he naps.Overall , this is an excellent product , highly recommended for moms -LRB- and dads -RRB- .
 This is a really soft and supportive pillow , but when I tried to use it during breast feeding , it positioned my son too high . I was never able to feed him comfortably with it , so it has basically sat in my closet until just recently . He 's now 4 months old and we use it all the time to prop him up next to us on the couch to feed from a bottle and also it 's wonderful in helping him sit up on his own . He ca n't sit by himself yet , but this allows him to practice . It 's also been helpful in strengthening his neck muscles when we place him on it on his tummy . I 'm a bit disappointed that it did n't perform well during breastfeeding since that 's the whole reason we bought it , but I 'm still glad we got one . The soft `` clouds '' cover costs more than the other styles , but I prefer it over the rest . It seems more fluffy and the cover is definitely nicer . It washes up beautifully , and I have n't noticed any weird shrinking or fading .
 The Boppy was recommended by a friend . It was also recommended in a breastfeeding class that I took . I got this before my baby was born . Did n't take it to the hospital & my arms were killing me from holding my little baby-regular pillows did n't help . When we got home I used the Boppy-what a difference ! It gives me the freedom to do other things while feeding the baby . It 's also great for propping the baby up in a sitting position -LRB- supervised -RRB- . Hope this review helps !
 I have a 7 month old daughter and we have used our Boppy Luxe everyday -LRB- 4 to 8 times a day -RRB- since she was born . We have the regular Boppy also but the Luxe is so much softer . I HIGHLY recommend this product . You will love it !!!
 The boppy made it very easy to feed my daughter . As she grew I used it for tummy time and to sit her up in her pack n play so she could play with her toys . Added plus , I propped her up in it for adorable photos . Now that she can sit without assistance , I am not sure what I will do with it , but I know I would not have gone without it .
 My mother 's a lactation consultant and bought this for me . I was having major problems breastfeeding and this was wonderful . My daughter and I had to use the football hold for the first two months or so and this was an absolute lifesaver . Now that she 's bigger and we 've advanced to the traditional breastfeeding position , we do n't use it for nursing . But it 's great to prop her in and let her see what 's going on . It 's a nice alternative to her swing . And the fleece cover is so soft and comfy . As a sign that she 'd outgrown her diapers , one of her poops leaked out onto the cover and the pillow . Both the cover and the pillow washed great in the washer & dryer . The Boppy is great !
 I use my Boppy many times everyday when nursing my baby . It helps prevent sore arms and a sore back when nursing . I started using it when he was born and now he 's 6 months old . The removable cover is great because the cover on mine has had spit-up and a few diaper leaks on it . Washes right out . I 've hand-washed the pillow before too and the stains came out.The cloud design is nice for both boy and girl babies . We 've actually used the Boppy often to prop the baby up when taking pictures . Makes a nice background .
 Definately a good thing . I actually ended up receiving the 5-in-1 boppy pillow gym and that is many great things in one . I used it in the beginning for feedings and it 's an arm saver for sure . Now the little one uses it for entertainment and tummy time . It 's a nice change for her to be elevated once and a while instead of laying flat on the floor . Soon she will be able to use it to help her sit up .
 I wish this product was availible when my first child was born 6 years ago . I just had my second child and we survived the beginning of nursing with the help of the Boppy , it was confortable and supportive and kept my child at the prefect level to ease latching on . The Boppy prevented me from slouching uncomfortable when feeding and gave my child a soft cushion to drift to sleep on . I recommend the Boppy pillow case because dribbling and spitting up will occur . Today when my five month old sees me pull out the boppy he smilees becuase he knows a soft and comfortable nursing experience is about to happen
 I love this item . It 's definitely on the top of my list of things to have for a breast feeding mother . The pillow so soft and fits perfectly against new mommies bodies as well as providing a safe cozy cushion for your precious baby . It 's softer than the original/regular boppy . It 's easy to clean and care for . It also makes a safe little nook for baby to sleep in while it 's a newborn and the baby grows into it . My now 5 month old still naps on it comfortably . She is also growing into it as she can sit up quite nicely while sitting inside the `` c '' shape and grabs for toys . It 's very versatile !
 I am so pleased with my boppy ; my son and I have used it every day and night for the past 12 weeks -LRB- since day one -RRB- . Breast feeding did not come easily to us , but having this pillow made it much easier . I did n't have to worry about supporting his weight while we figured it out - I only had to manage his head . After all , it took a while for me to build up my arm muscles in the beginning -LRB- he is a big baby ! -RRB- . If you get one , take it to the hospital with you !! I met with a lactation consultant who not only recommended that I get a bobby , her office was full of them.Other things I like : - The boppy puts him at the right level and I do n't have to bend over . - Now that we both know what we 're doing , I can even sit at the computer and have both hands free while he feeds ! - It seems to be very comfortable for my son . He will sometimes fall fast asleep after a meal and has stayed there cuddled up to me for a long time . - I have machine washed and dried both the bobby and the cover and it has come out very nicely . - My husband also uses it -LRB- although it is a tight fit around his waist -RRB- for bottle feedings , since it brings the baby up nice and close comfortably . - It is also a comfy way to prop up my son so that he can see a bit of what 's going on.What I 'd change : - The fleece cover is quite warm , especially in the summer . - It does n't really fit within the arms of the rocking chair that we have . I feed him mostly in our bed or on the sofa , so this has n't really been an issue for us , but if you plan on mostly using this in a glider rocker -LRB- or any chair with arms -RRB- you may want to try it out first .
 This pillow is perfect for nursing moms . The baby is perfectly positioned . The snugness and fit enables me to lightly doze without worry . My baby loves to sit against the pillow and stare out at the world . This is a perfect shower gift !
 If you are nursing or feeding by bottle this is a must have . The pillow really helps hold the baby in the correct feeding position as well as gives Mommy a needed back break . I recommend you take it to the hospital with you . I had a C-Section and the pillow would have been very helpful at the hospital . I highly recommend this product .
 This Boppy was very helpful in feeding my daughter during the early weeks of life . It also helped with laying her down when she was in the phase of waking up everytime you put her down . I would nurse her and then transfer her to the bed on the pillow , then remove the pillow . But most of all , I loved taking photos of my daughter with the clouds as the backround . It makes some of the most beautiful pictures when they are small and ca n't do much .
 This crib sheet is a little pale , the lilac does n't stand out . However it is very soft and fits nicely , which is essentially what is really important .
 I purchased 2 packs of these Mirabella Drawer knobs to spice up my daughters cherry dresser . Now , the dresser is fun to open and close and the butterfly and beetle are so pretty to look at . It completely changes the look of the dresser .
 I bought these sheets to go with the Wendy Bellissimo Vintage Fire Truck bedding . They 're not quite as thick as the sheet that came with the set , but they 're cheaper and very soft and they washed up much better . The sheet did n't shrink at all and does n't hardly wrinkle , and none of the stiching is coming undone after many washes .
 It bounces on its own . That is all you need to know . It is the only baby seat that does that , I have looked at and tried every seat I could find and this is the only one that actually bounces with no intervention.With that being said the older models were a whole lot better at bouncing . Perhaps it is a new motor or new balance weights or new safety regulations or something but the older model we have of this bounced the seat a lot better than this one does . This one is pretty weak in comparision.The remote is pointless , do n't bother with it . We have one with and one without the remote and once the novelty wore off we never used the remote again . In fact it is more harm than good since if the seat is in the `` remote '' position it does not take input from the buttons right on the chair ! This confounded my mother in law to no end . There is a little switch that you have to switch to change from local input to remote input and in the remote mode it does not take inputs from the local buttons and vise versa . Easy enough to remedy but annoying enough when you accidentally switch that little switch and can not stop the bouncing or music .
 the bouncer looks and works like it says ... the only problem is that my son hates it ! he screams the minute hes put in there , but is happy to be bounced on my knee for what seems like 23 hours a day . i probably will sell it to someone because for me , it just takes up room !
 I got this for my little girl before she was born , and she loved it from the start . She is almost 5 months old now and still loves to sit and play . She kicks her feet up under the bunny and teddies to bring them closer to her . She also just kicks them to get them to raddle . This is a great buy !!!
 The Little Lizards Crib set gives the room the feel of the rainforest ! The comforter is strong and colorful ... everything fits great in the crib . I absolutely love the design and colors ! This is a great choice for natural wood cribs and blue walls . My baby boy is going to love the colorful rainforest with lizard designs .
 I purchased this item because I thought it looked cute . It looks even better in person . The straps looked black in the picture , but they are a deep chocolate brown . The color combination is vibrant!The exterior of the bag is covered in a thick , clear vinyl/plastic material , which makes keeping it clean a breeze . The bag came with a fold up changing pad . The pad has a vinyl coating on one side , making messy clean up easy . It is long enough to keep his whole back/body on the pad , but it folds up to a 5 '' x 5 '' square , and is maybe 1/2 '' thick , and is held closed by a button attachment.The interior of the bag could use some more organization . It has a couple of slip in pockets for small items , but the rest is just loose . I think this bag could be improved by adding more compartments in the interior.The top of the bag is held shut by an elastic loop going over a big button on the other side.So , if you are looking for a bag just to throw stuff in -LRB- I use mine for toys on trips , this is a nice bag . If you are looking for something to help you quickly locate the diapers/wipes/sippy cup/aspirin for your head , this may not be the best bag for you , as it will mostly be jumbled .
 This bag was a super deal ! For around $ 25 -LRB- on sale -RRB- , I received a designer bag that is gorgeous and functional . It has plenty of room for my little one 's things as well as my own . I love the look and have gotten many compliments . The one improvement I would make would be to have a zippered top . The bag is open and has a large button closure , but I 've had things fall out . Other than that , this bag is great !
 I was amazed when I saw how cheap this bag was compared to the others and even the same one from the 2 Red Hens site . It shipped super-quick and I love it !!
 This bag is really cute and the size is much bigger than it appears on this page .
 I tried almost every kind of bottle at the store and my son would just not take them . Finally my sister told me about a bottle that had some kind of straw in the middle for less air and colics to the babies that her friend used but did n't know the brand I looked in the net and found them I tried them and I love them . My son took them fine and his colics stopped and that was a great relief . Plus getting the gift pack gives you every size you need and nipples for all stages .
 I have a 7 week old and I tried to get him used to the Avent bottles as I had read they were so great . They 're not bad , but they make such a mess that you ca n't really tell how much milk the baby is actually taking . These Dr Brown 's do n't have that problem -LRB- I have the slim design -RRB- and my baby was noticeably less gassy after trying them out . He was getting quite a bit of colic during the first 2 wks he used the Avent bottles . Now that problem is gone and sometimes he does n't even burp right after . I put him down and after about 5 mnts or so , pick him up & he burps real calmly . Bottom line , I do like these bottles very much . The extra cleaning is no big deal , takes only a minute or less .
 My Pedistrician recommended these & my baby girl was noticeably less gassy as soon as I tried them . All babies swallow air but these keep the air out of the formula as they are drinking . Definetly worth the extra effort to clean , once u get used to it it 's really easy ! At 3 months my girl is sleeping 7pm-6 :30 am & has one or two nice big burps everytime she feeds ! She likes the long neck bottle style .
 Ava is our first child and a friend of ours recomended Dr. Browns bottles -- We registered for another kind along with the Dr. Browns , and we WO N'T use the others . Ava does n't have the spit ups , or near the gas that you hear and read that babies have . AND burping is so easy ! We have been so happy with the entire set ! All of my friends and family having babies , I have told them they HAVE to have these bottles , they are a life saver ! We will never use another brand of bottles !
 There is a noticeable difference when our baby drinks from the other bottles -LRB- including the avent one and the one that is made slanted-I forgot the name -RRB- and these Dr. Brown 's bottles . After trying both Dr. Brown 's and the other bottles for a couple of weeks , we decided to just get rid of the regular bottles and keep him exclusively on Dr. Brown 's ! These are awesome - and SO worth the extra cleaning effort !
 Everything you 'll need for the bottle stage is in this set . I love Dr. Brown 's Bottles !
 My son was a good eater when he was first born but after a few weeks he started doing a lot of spitting up . He spit up so much that he started to refuse the bottle . After numerous doctor visits these bottles were reccommended along with thickening his formula . Dr Browns was the miracle bottle . My son 's intake increased and his refluxing decreased.I now buy these bottles for all the newly born babies in my family . I believe all babies should start off with the best .
 I used these bottles with my now 2 year old and I plan on using them with my unborn daughter . These bottles are great . They are easy to clean too . I would highly recommend them to my family and friends .
 These bottles are great ! We 've been using them for 5 months now . Our baby is never gassy and very rarely does he spit up . Do n't be intimidated by the `` extra cleaning '' you might read about . I just run a sink of sudsy water and throw everything in . I wash out the bottles and nipples with a brush , but I just rinse off the other parts . I 've never used that little brush that came with them , because I have n't needed to . They get plenty clean by sitting in the hot suds . I use them with breast milk and formula and have never had any build-up in the tubing .
 We loved these bottles . The 2 extra parts were n't any more trouble than putting a straw in a drinking glass . And the vacuum technology is worth it . Our son was always content and had very little gas , while his buddies -LRB- most of whom used Avent bottles -RRB- were fussy , gassy , and had a hard time sleeping . Do n't be intimidated by the 2 extra pieces - they 're really no trouble . As for cleaning them - a thin brush is included or you can put them in a `` baby basket '' in the dishwasher . Most of the time we rinsed them out right after he used them , so we did n't need the brush - formula build-up was rare . These come in wide and slim - most babies seem to prefer the slim design as it fits their little mouths better . Our son happily took both sizes .
 I was introduced to these bottle by a friend when my now 2 year old was an infant . I tried varies other bottles and there was always a issue with it from excessive spit up to him not being able to drink from them . I tried a Dr. Brown bottle and I would n't use anything else ! I was frustrated at first with all the parts to wash but in long run its worth it to have a happy less gassy baby ! I plan on using these bottles with my next child .
 My friends likes these wash cloths for their twins but they are tiny and I imagine will need frequent washing .
 These are the only kind my daughter would entertain . I tried everyother kind on the market . I believe maybe she likes the feel of the latex better than the silicone .
 My son will not take the silicon pacifiers , so I have to order these online seeing that most all stores only carry the silicon ones . He loves this binky , so we 're sticking with it !
 When my daughter was born , I did n't know about swaddling , and it would take me HOURS to get her to sleep ! I would feed or rock her in my arms until she falls asleep , then put her in her crib ... and she 'd flail her arms , wake up and cry , and I had to start all over ! What a nightmare!Then I figured out that since her arms wake her , it would make sense to wrap her in something so she could n't move them as much ... so I started wrapping her in regular receiving blankets . It worked ! It became much easier to get her to sleep . But then she wiggled out of those receiving blankets and wake up again.When she was a little over a month old , somehow I came across SwaddleMe blankets on the Internet and immediately bought it . It worked like a charm ! It was so easy to wrap my daughter in it , and it stayed put . My daughter started sleeping so much better!I wish I found those blankets sooner - it would 've saved me from so many sleepless nights!I consider this blanket one of the most important baby items you could buy . It should be a must for a new mother who wants to get some sleep !
 I absolutely loved the SwaddleMe wraps . They are swaddling made simple-especially great for grandparents and baby sitters that might not know how to swaddle a baby really well . I purchased 2 of them , but encountered a problem with one of my SwaddleMe wraps . One was the cotton wrap and the other was the cotton flannel . The cotton wrap stretched out very easily , so my baby boy could get his arms out and would wake up . The cotton flannel was the best choice for us . This did not lose its shape and kept him snug through the night . Most nights , my 2.5 month old will sleep from 7pm to 5:30 am w / out waking up . He eats at 5:30 am then goes right back to sleep , swaddled . This is a great thing to have , especially when the receiving blankets you 've received are all the smaller size .
 I bought this `` circle bear '' color crossing my fingers it 's not green as it 's displayed here in the itemized listing . It 's not . It is actually white with yellow/green/blue circles and bear paw prints . So , the green photo is a generic picture . You will not get green when it says `` cirlce bear '' .
 So I bought this item because I am terrible at `` swaddling '' my baby with a normal blanket . Its really good as a baby straight jacket . My only major complaint is the velcro on in tends to stick to sides while your trying to get the baby into position to wrap him up .
 I was wary of purchasing this blanket for my first baby , as I thought it would be a waste of money when I could just swaddle him the old fashioned way . However , my little guy managed to wiggle his way out of even the best swaddles , and would wake himself up by scratching his face -LRB- ouch -RRB- ! Though he could at times wiggle an arm out of these , they stayed much more secure than a regular blanket.I ended up purchasing one small knit , one small fleece , and a large of each as well . We got good use out of ALL of them . I used the knit for warm nights/days since they 're a thinner material , and the fleece for cooler days/nights . Yes , I even swaddled him during nap time . For the few months that my son was going to day care , the workers LOVED the blankets too . They really helped my son sleep , which all parents know is a priceless thing!I will be holding onto all four of these blankets to use when we have our next baby .
 These things are indispensable for moms of new babies . They come in quite a few colors and fabrics , so you can get ones that are appropriate for any season . We had about 6 that we used for my son up until his 8 month birthday or so when he decided he did n't want to be swaddled while sleeping and graduated to regular blankets . They wash & wear very well and are especially great for parents -LRB- like us -RRB- who never quite mastered the art of forming a ` baby burrito ' with a regular blanket . I bought 2 of these for a friend with a new baby and highly recommend them !
 These swaddlers are awesome for newborns . They keep them from startling themselves awake and are very easy to use . Washes and wears well . My baby is very hot natured and these are just the right weight to keep him comfortable without getting too hot .
 I have 2 fleece ones . Got one as a gift and then I bought an extra one later because baby spits up sometimes.Pros : Baby sleeps peacefully in itCan wrap the baby 's arms tight so she does n't squirmMakes breastfeeding easier -- no hands in the way!Cons : The bottom part where her legs go is not long enough -- it starts her kick-reflex and it frustrates her sometimes . I have to shush her for a few seconds then she forgets about the problem.My baby slides down into the bottom part sometimes -LRB- even though she is wrapped tightly -RRB- and the top part of the wrap starts to cover her mouth and eventually her nose . I have to re-wrap her when this happens -LRB- this happens mostly after I burp her after feedings -RRB- . She does not like the process of being wrapped , so I have to calm her down.I would still buy another one of these if needed and I do plan on getting the bigger size once she gets longer/bigger .
 Our baby started sleeping through the night within days -LRB- I had to wake him up to feed him -RRB- , and I largely attribute it to this swaddle me . It 's easy to put on once you get the hang of it , and although it looks a little like a pea-pod straightjacket , it works !! I would never have another newborn without it .
 My 8 week old does n't sleep as good if she 's not swaddled and this is an easy swaddler . The velcro is pretty strong . I was using another swaddler by a different manufacturer but she grew out of it . I like that this one is nice and big with room to grow . If you are having problems getting your infant to sleep I recommend you read `` The Happiest Baby on the Block '' . Swaddling is one of the ways the author recommends you do to get your little one to calm down . It works for us !
 First of all , I would recommend getting this product in every size . You just never know how big your baby is going to be . My youngest daughter was tiny -LRB- 6 pounds -RRB- and I used the preemie size for a few weeks until she reached about 8 pounds.That said , I know that even the most experienced of swaddlers have a hard time swaddling tight enough so the baby does not kick her way out . With these blankets , you can swaddle tightly every time in no time flat without worrying about having to do it all over again in 5 minutes . The slot in the back of the blanket is good if you are always on the go like I was after my daughter was born . It allows you to buckle your baby into her/his car seat and then swaddle . Definitely worth more than $ 10.00 .
 The difference that swaddling makes is just short of miraculous and this product really does the trick , once baby fills it out . Our son is now about 11 pounds and he fits nicely into the small . We tried to use this on him when he first came home at 6.5 pounds , but it swallowed him , so we used receiving blankets . Both served their purpose , but SwaddleMe is faster and more secure . He 's a little Hercules now and can easily wiggle out of a blanket.One thing - I recommend the cotton over the microfleece if you live anyplace south of the Yukon . The fleece made baby really hot at night . The cotton is breathable , but still warm.Lastly , a confession - When I went to purchase a specialty swaddling blanket , I bought this one in part because of the price . I 'm glad I did . It gets the job done without breaking the bank .
 Great product . I love the SwaddleMe blankets . My 3 month old sleeps incredibly well and I believe swaddling is what made this possible . My only problem with this blanket in particular is that the cotton is very stretchy and she can actually escape the swaddle most nights . We had the flannel version before this one and did not have that problem with it . I 'd definitely recommend this product but I 'd suggest the flannel version !
 I love this product . My baby has a very extreme startle reflex so he flails his arms in his sleep and wakes himself very often . We were getting up to rock him back to sleep at least once every hour . The first night we swaddled him using this product , he slept for 5 hours ! My only regret is that I did n't discover it until he was 3 months old . Our next baby will be introduced to this wrap in the hospital .
 The SwaddleMe was bought as a last resort to our little Houdini slipping out of every other swaddling . She was unable to wiggle her way out of this . It 's a piece of cake to wrap around baby and easy to just throw in the wash . We bought 2 fleece ones for winter and a lightweight one for spring and summer . She started to get mad at being swaddled around 3 months old , so I would n't recommend buying one for an older baby , but our daughter was much calmer and slept better when swaddled while she was younger .
 I received this as a shower gift -LRB- I 'm a resurfacing new mother - my only child is now 11 , so I 'm starting over again ... -RRB- and it was soooo easy to swaddle my newborn son . I remember struggling with my daughter to get her wrapped up in the receiving blanket and in a matter of minutes her wriggling out of the swaddle . With my son , he is cuddly in this swaddle for hours and sleeps soundly . Even my husband , who has two left thumbs can wrap him up snuggly without my help and supervision!My only thumbs down on this product is I notice that with repeated use my son can wriggle his arm out and it does it looser with age . Also , I notice it has a tendency to bunch up at the neck , so you have to be careful when you wrap the little one up in the swaddle . However , the benefits FAR outweigh those two glitches !
 We absolutely LOVE this product . Our daughter did not like being swaddled in a receiving blanket because she does n't like to have her arms restrained so I did n't even bother with this . She tends to startle herself awake and throws her arms out to the side and has to be put to bed all over again . I decided to give it a try one day -LRB- when she was about three weeks old -RRB- and she was asleep within minutes . Better yet , she stayed asleep for hours . She is now two months old and we use this every night - she is sleeping 8-10 hours each night . The velcro stays closed and I do n't worry all night that the material has covered her nose . The material also has just enough `` give '' that she can still move her arms a little but not enough that she wakes herself up . It is totally worth $ 10 and mom , dad and baby are all well rested !
 This was too big for my small baby even though it said it would fit . Great idea and was easy to use . My daughter kept getting out of it . Be cautious with small babies , but I 'm sure is great with babies that are a little bigger where the velcro can be more secure .
 This is great , my baby always ended up getting his arms out of the `` burrito '' i wrapped him in with regular receiving blankets . Now , he ca n't get his arms out and he 's sleeping longer ! The only thing I want to know is , what is that opening in the back for ???
 Swaddling helped my baby sleep longer . This great swaddle blanket lets me swadle easily . Get two or three so you always have a clean one.Read `` Happiest Baby on the Block '' for more on swaddling .
 I have tried other swaddle blankets in the past and they did n't hold my daughters arms down ... She would find a way to wiggle out of them waking her up . This blanket is VERY secure and she wo n't be able to wiggle her way out of this blanket -LRB- Which is a good thing because it will keep her from scooting down into the swaddle . -RRB- I have gotten the white micro-fleece and they are oh so soft and perfect for the winter time.We got this swaddle blanket when my son was two weeks old -LRB- 10 lbs -RRB- and it fit him very well . He is now 12 lbs and it is starting to get a little small around the chest area where the straps wrap around him so I will be ordering the Large which is starting at 14 lbs .
 This is by far the best swaddling blanket I have found . It stays secure and isnt too heavy or complicated . I will continue to use it with any future children . My son slept in it until he was 5 months old .
 I thought this was just a gimmicky product and did n't open it right away when I received it as a shower gift . I was wrong . I credit this product with my daughter 's awesome sleep patterns . At 3 months old , she was sleeping at least 8 hours a night . Even when she 's fussy when I lay her down at naptime , as soon as I get the wrap fastened , she calms down . Pop her binky in , and she 's out . This will definitely be in any gift bags I put together for all my mom-friends . Best $ 10 I 've EVER SPENT .
 Our 4 month -LRB- with colic ! -RRB- would only sleep when tightly swaddled , so this is the greatest product created . We were having trouble keeping her swaddled with a regular blanket and were scared she would kick it off and over her face during the night . This totally solved all those problems . The velcro works great and the blanket is nice and lightweight . It is stretchy also so you can make it nice and snug if you like . I only wish they had this product when we had our first child who also had colic . Highly recommended !
 ow , i got this little bit late . my baby was 3 month at the age . help her sleep much better for the night . I think if you getting one dont buy the size too big , they are runing little bigger then i thought .
 These are great for babies that love to be swaddled . They are fast and easy . We could n't figure out how to use the bottom `` release '' portion for easier diaper changes though and you do have to be careful to `` close '' all the velcro tabs when washing or they get kind of mangled .
 I was never very good at getting the blanket to say on as a swaddle . My baby is something of an escape artist even when I did it right . The swaddle me is easy to fasten and hard for him to wiggle out of . -LRB- It is possible , just hard -RRB- It can keep him swaddled the whole night like a blanket never could . Great product .
 I was never very good at getting the blanket to say on as a swaddle . My baby is something of an escape artist even when I did it right . The swaddle me is easy to fasten and hard for him to wiggle out of . -LRB- It is possible , just hard -RRB- It can keep him swaddled the whole night like a blanket never could . Great product .
 The product is well made and looks very cute . Unfortunately my baby did not like the `` restraint '' at all , so we did not use it.If i have to buy it again i would buy a size bigger as i found that they run rather small .
 As soon as we started using this swaddle blanket our son began sleeping an extra hour or two at night which was a HUGE deal concidering i was nursing him every two hours before . LOVE this product and will buy more for future children and i 'm giving it as a gift for every baby shower I go to !
 Our 2 week old can not stay a sleep longer than 10 minutes without her hands and feet waking her up.Thanks to the Swaddler we are able to get her to sleep for a full 3 hours -LRB- or until she wakes up to be feed -RRB- . This is a must have for any new parents .
 Our 2 week old can not stay a sleep longer than 10 minutes without her hands and feet waking her up.Thanks to the Swaddler we are able to get her to sleep for a full 3 hours -LRB- or until she wakes up to be feed -RRB- . This is a must have for any new parents .
 These swaddleme covers are a great help with newborns and infants . They feel secure and sleep better , longer . Try it , I think you will love it ! They make great gifts .
 These little swaddleme wraps are great . Our new granddaughter has slept so much better as a newborn than her older brother who did n't have these ever did ! This is the best `` new to me '' baby thing I have seen in a long time .
 I ca n't say much about this as I have not used it yet . My baby is due in July but it seems to be really nice and I am sure she will use it when she comes .
 I love this swaddler . Also used the fleece one for my son when he was newborn . He sleeps better than any of my other children did -LRB- I have 7 -RRB- and I wish I would have bought one before . My son has only managed to wriggle out of this swaddler when I have failed to tuck him in properly . Most nights I wrap him in at around 9pm . He wakes at 2am for a feed and ALWAYS goes straight back to sleep . I unwrap him about 7am when he is nice and refreshed after a good sleep.A great product that I wish I had had for my other kids .
 We love these swaddlers so much we have 5 of them -LRB- 3 small and 2 large -RRB- . I have used these through three kids and they have held up great . Our kids never fussed once we had them wrapped up tight . Kids love being in them and sleep more sound when wrapped . Of all baby products I have used , this one is a definite MUST HAVE for all new parents .
 i got this for a co-worker who was having a baby boy - she used it a lot for swaddling his first few months and really liked it . After he out grew it she used it as a regular blanket , and still really liked it .
 A must-have for a newborn baby . I would not recommend buying the larger size because my older baby does not like being so wrapped up . Would definitely suggest getting this for a newborn baby . It is so convenient and secure . Works best if you swaddle with a regular swaddle blanket -LRB- like the hospital kind -RRB- and then put this over the top . Baby will stay warm and cozy and safe .
 This was by far our most useful baby gift -- it helped our baby get to sleep and even saved our sanity a few times . Nothing calms a crying newborn better than a good swaddler . At first it 's a little tricky to figure out how the velcro fits together , but once you 've tried it a few times , it 's easy . Just buy 2 or 3 so you wo n't go into a panic when it 's in the wash .
 At first I thought this was a useless product since my husband and I know how to swaddle a baby with just a blanket . But when our baby boy came home with us , we found that he loves to move his arms a lot to place his hands by his face . As such , the ordinary blankets used for swaddling did not really work for him because he would always manage to move his arms and make the swaddle loose . Then we decided to put him in the Swaddleme and it worked so much better for him ! The velcros made the whole thing secure and our baby slept better in them . If you 're ordering a few of these though , I would suggest you order the different materials for different temperatures . The fabrics vary such that some of them may be too warm for the baby for warmer days , while some are cooler . Just make sure you have the variety to allow for some flexibility .
 Buy this , do n't wait click to buy now . baby must have this . also buy `` the happiest baby on the block '' DVD . When you ca n't hold her all the time this soothes her like you are it 's not just great for sleeping it 's great for C-section moms who use the restroom regularly for long periods of time .
 I have not given birth to my baby yet , but I can wait to use this to swaddle my baby . Its soft , warm , and so cute !
 I bought this product for my cat ! He loves it ! I wrap him up in it an cut his nails , then rock him gently to sleep !
 We use this on our second child , and it does help him sleep * much * better . I wish we had had it for our first child!We own both the fleece and cotton versions , and I prefer the fleece - it does not get loose as quickly as the cotton one does.Despite the name , this is not a swaddler by itself for any but the most placid and plump babies . Our kid can easily work his arms out -LRB- usually through the slit between the arm wrap and the bottom pouch -RRB- if he is fussy.However , we still use this daily - on TOP of a swaddle done with a recieving blanket . This way , the swaddle does not come undone . Yes , you could do the same with a diaper pin , but things stay together much longer and much neater with this than with a diaper pin -LRB- or even with a second swaddle done with another recieving blanket.I have n't found a good way to use it with a car seat in which I feel comfortable - a swaddled kid has his legs together , does n't he ? - but we do sometimes use it , cocoon style , in a Baby Bjorn or sling carrier , and it can be quite magical at being soothing .
 It is AMAAAAZING just the greatest thinggg , , , it 's sooo worth it who ever said that it does n't work they dont know how to use it properly
 I 'm not sure what we would have done without these with our last two babies . We 've already started purchasing them for the one we 're expecting ! That 's the only problem . After months of use , the velcro -LRB- understandably -RRB- gets weaker and eventully stops working . They 're fairly inexpensive though , and worth every penny !
 After struggling to swaddle my son with a blanket and failing miserably , a friend suggested the Kiddopotamus SwaddleMe . I am so glad I bought it and wish that I had gotten it sooner ! It 's so easy to use and keeps my little man bundled up tight . He goes to sleep easier and stays asleep longer now . The only thing I did n't like is that when he squirms around , often he can create a gap between the `` wings '' and the bottom of the wrap , allowing his hands to poke out - but he does n't seem to mind .
 Love the swaddle-me - however , note that the cotton stretches a LOT faster then the microfleece versions
 Love this swaddler ! It 's our last resort to get our infant to sleep -LRB- and almost always works ! -RRB- Our baby is very wiggly and will squirm out of the snuggest blanket swaddle , but with this product they 're secured with velcro . Overall very good product , not too heavy and very convenient . Wish it would 've fit my baby for a bit longer - she is now seven weeks and almost has grown out of it .
 Yeah , it probably can be considered a baby straight-jacket . But if you have a baby that loves to be swaddled and gets upset when they break the swaddle , then this will keep them confined for a bit longer . We would wrap our son and he immediately calm down.It 's been a bit of a challenge to break him of it the swaddle though ... but we 're making progress .
 I love this Kiddopotamus swaddle.My kid does too.Except he grew out of the small one in like a month.At 3 months hes already pushing the large one .
 '' ~ * no need for learning how to swaddle . goes great with pampers swaddlers . get the swaddle collection ! * ~
 My son was colicky and swaddling really helped . This blanket worked well for him in the first month or so of his life , but then he got stronger and started breaking free of it . We moved up to the miracle blanket which is alot more secure with no velcro .
 Purchased this for our daughter and she absolutely loves it . Used it right away and was able to get 4 hours of continous rest . Great product .
 Great time saver . . no struggling ! Get at least 2 !
 I have not given birth to my baby yet , but I can wait to use this to swaddle my baby . Its soft , warm , and so cute !
 These are great for helping newborns and infants to feel secure and sleep better . My daughter loves using them with her baby girl ! They make a wonderful gift .
 Great thin material that is easy to swaddle her . I would highlyRecommend this product for others . Even my husband thinks its easy to swaddle our daughter
 great product . . and very happy with the seller . Item arrived on time and in great condition . The swaddleMe is the perfect size . Loved how easy it is to use . . we no longer use it but highly recommend .
 This product is a must have for newborns ! Baby haven was an awesome seller and I received the product quickly . Which was good because my baby boy had outgrown the smaller sized one .
 This has to be the greatest thing I purchased . This is the only thing that can calm my daughter down and have her take her naps . : -RRB-
 item was perfect . very comfy and helped relax and ease baby to sleep . i would recommend buying a size larger because they will outgrow a swaddle REAL fast .
 Bought the smaller version when my son was first born . Now moving to next sixe up . Work great . do what they are supposed to do .
 My 3-month-old is very strong and always escapes ordinary swaddle blankets within minutes , but refuses to sleep without a tight swaddle . I should have used this from the beginning ! The velcro is strong enough to keep him from escaping and the `` large '' size seems like it should hold for a few more months at least . What 's most amazing ... ever since he first night I put him down in this swaddle , he has SLEPT THROUGH THE NIGHT EVERY TIME ! It 's a miracle !! Plenty of room for kicky feet , has a seat belt hole in the back -LRB- have n't used that -RRB- and the material is soft and light like a t-shirt .
 We love the Kiddopotamus SwaddleMe . Our 3-month-old sleeps so well in it . Without it , he startles himself awake every few minutes . Plus , he has plenty of room to grow . We 'll be using this for months !
 I have purchased a few of these swaddle wraps but my opinion remains the same.I have been using these wraps for 5 months now and they are fantastic . My bubs is 11 months old and he is a tall boy and yet they still fit him -LRB- although not for much longer -RRB- . In winter I wrap him with a muslin wrap underneath and then with this wrap and he stays super warm . It is summer in Australia now so I use just the swaddle wrap now and its perfect . Most nights he stays wrapped the entire night but he can wiggle his arms out if he wants which is fine at this age because if he turns onto his stomach he can use his arms to turn over again .
 I think my title explains this product perfectly . My 2 month old has slept 8 hours during the night for the past 3 nights and he 's been consistently at 6-7 hours before that . I had a size smaller first and then upgraded to the larger size . He easily sleeps in it in his crib with no issues . Occasionally , he 'll pop an arm out , but it 's usually b/c I did n't secure the flaps tight enough . GREAT !!!
 My baby seems to be very comfortable in this swaddle wrap ! He sleeps soundly when we wrap him in it at night ; he is 2 months old and is pretty much sleeping through the night ! The wrap also holds up well after being washed - I purchased the cotton knit version . This is a very nice product and I would recommend it to anyone !
 I have a set of twins that did not sleep very well . This product saved our nights and our kids are now sleeping .
 I bought this for my new grandson . My daughter liked it very much . It is light weight which was important because he was born in July . It 's very easy to use and he settled right down when wrapped up in it . Also he was a very big newborn -LRB- 10 1/2 lbs -RRB- and very active , so it helped him to sleep by keeping his arms and legs from flailing around which wakes up newborns . He easily kicked out of being wrapped in a baby blanket in the usual swaddling style .
 I had been swaddling my baby with a standard square swaddle for the first three months . By the end of the first month , he was occasionally able to free himself despite our best efforts at swaddling him tightly ! It just got worse with time and by his third month , I 'd given up and only swaddled the lower half of his body.I then ordered the SwaddleMe -LRB- large size and cotton knit -RRB- and have n't looked back . It 's extremely effective and after 2 weeks of use , he has only managed to free his arms twice . On both occasions , it was because I was afraid to paste the velcro tabs tightly.I have to admit that I was so paranoid that his breathing would be restricted by the swaddle as it was such an effective strait jacket . The first few nights , I kept sticking my fingers between the folds of the swaddle to assess the space that he had to breathe ! I 've stopped doing that now as the cotton swaddle is really quite stretchable.He falls asleep more quickly when his hands are not flailing about . So , I 've no regrets on this purchase . As for the sizing , my son 's 15 lbs and the Large size is just about right .
 Bought this after a few sleepless nights of newborn baby kicking blanket off and crying - and absolutely love it ! Super soft and cozy for baby ! I would absolutely recommend it to anyone with a newborn at home .
 My wife and I absolutely love this swaddle blanket . We tried swaddleing him the traditional way with a regular blanket but he was so fussy that he kept getting out of it . With this product it is much easier to swaddle him and we love the fact that his legs are free to kick around . His arms are nice and tight so he does n't startle himself while sleeping . With this blanket , our 6 week old baby was able to sleep for 5 hours straight without waking himself up . We believe this is a must have for babies with colic or GERD . We recommened that you get at least 2 of these .
 i love these i have 2 small and my son is 2 1/2 months old he sleeps so good at night in it . i now have to large for him later : -RRB-
 The large size was big enough to swaddle our 5 month old Grandson and lightweight enough to do so in these hot summer months . If you have never used one , pay close attention to the diagram about how to use it . For babies who need that wrapped up security , it is really helpful ; and the large size makes it possible to wrap an older baby when the usual receiving blankets become too small . We are all very happy with this product .
 I got this for a friend 's baby because my son loved his so much . Some babies only like to be swaddled as newborns -- mine was swaddled til he was 8 months old ! He would n't sleep any other way . And it kept him from scratching his face too . It kept him much snugger than swaddling with a blanket . For us , this was an absolute must-have . If your baby is having trouble sleeping , or fusses a lot , try this swaddler !
 These work great to keep babies soothed and comforted to help them fall asleep ; babies who would otherwise flail their arms and keep themselves awake . You decide ! My twins just outgrew the small size , so I 'm upgrading to medium .4 stars only because of the price .
 There is a stage with my babies during the wiggle stage but at the same time they still liked to be swaddled . This was perfect and my kids loved it . Diaper changing was a lot easier and faster and it kept them cozy :-RRB- gr8 buy worth trying !
 This is a godsend for new parents . Newborns love to be swaddled , but it 's easy to get frustrated with learning this technique with a traditional blanket . This makes it so easy . Our little `` Houdini '' makes his way out of this with his arms , but it takes him at least a couple of hours .
 A receiving blanket might work as a swaddler for , oh , maybe the first two weeks , but after that a baby will be strong enough to loosen the swaddling and startle themselves awake . That 's where this comes in . With the same basic design concept as a swaddling blanket but thoughtfully placed Velcro and a leg pouch , this is a much more secure way to swaddle your baby . The designers were thoughtful in making sure that any Velcro that faces your baby is the soft loop side . There are two slight flaws , which in no way make this anything less than a lifesaver
 There is no way I could 've survived the first few months without the Swaddle Me ! We had a preemie , colicky , reflux baby who would NOT sleep unless she was either being held or tightly swaddled . She kept quickly unwrapping herself if swaddled in a recieving blanket , so we bought one of these Swaddle Me blankets . We quickly went back to teh store and got another so we 'd always have a clean one handy!Once she got a little older and did n't wnat to be wraped up so tight , we graduated to the sleep sacks , as she 'd pull anything loose over her face . These really are great !
 I loved the swaddle me - I brought mine to the hospital with me and all the nurses loved them . I will get some as gifts for anyone expecting !
 Great swaddle blanket - much easier/more stable than swaddling the baby with a traditional blanket . They hold up really well in the laundry & breath enough so he does n't get sweaty .
 I first got the fleece one but it was far too warm for the baby - my son was born in June . Also , I got a large one first which is also way too big - make sure you get the small size one up until about four to six months and up . Baby also gets warm in it which is another reason why they comfortably fall asleep . It almost immediately calms him down , especially in those moments when nothing else helps , I wrap him up in this blanket , put a pacifier in his mouths and hug him firmly on my left side where he can hear my heart . This usually puts him to sleep within minutes . I also got one for my friend who 's due in two weeks so that she has one . I did n't make the same mistake though and got her the small size .
 Even though my husband and I watched the `` happiest baby on the block '' DVD while still in the hospital , I never got the hang of swaddling -LRB- my husband , however , can swaddle our son super tight -RRB- . I purchased this and the much more expensive Miracle Blanket at the same time . The swaddleme is so easy to use and the velcro makes it stay nicely . I will say that my son is particularly adept at wrangling one of his arms out through the course of the night , but he seems to still sleep as long as both of them are n't out waving in the air . I take the swaddleme in the diaper bag in case he gets to worked up and needs to calm down -LRB- sometimes swaddling is the only thing that will work for him -RRB- . He is now 13 lbs and a happy baby .
 These are great . Bar none the easiest swaddle . Yes blankets are nice but these are so much easier .
 This product is fantastic ! We have 4 of them in this larger size and they are perfect for swaddling our daughter from 3.5 months on after the swaddling blankets got too small . We also used the smaller size when she was younger . The quick 2 step wrapping and velcro tabs make swaddling very easy and secure -LRB- i.e. she ca n't `` escape '' the swaddle in the middle of the night -RRB- . The generous size also gives her some room to move.I prefer these SwaddleMe `` blankets '' to the Ultimate Swaddling Blanket . I found that one had too many steps and by the time you got your drowsy baby swaddled in the Ultimate Swaddling Blanket she was awake again -LRB- and probably mad -RRB- . The two step design w / velcro is key.NOTE
 swaddles my daughter who is only 2 weeks old and not even 7lbs great . shes always very content while in it . i just took it out of the package , washed it , then tried it on her without having to look at directions , so its simple to use . no complaints here . definately worth the 10 bucks .
 My ds was kicking himself out of a swaddle in the hospital as a newborn , but when he was having trouble sleeping at 4 months , this helped . He quickly outgrew it , but I 'm definitely keeping this around in case we have another one !
 We have one heck of a time putting our little guy to sleep . He can get out of any swaddle at all , no matter what material is used . We found this and though `` HA ! We 've got him now '' . I read other reviews and people said not to put it in the dryer . They 're right , but unfortunately my husband never reads directions when he does the laundry . The velcro does n't stick nearly as well when you put it through the dryer.Even before that though , Odin outgrew it . We 're going to try a size large , but frankly , I think we 're just going to start co-bedding , because these things are pretty expensive . Odin tends to poop up his back quite frequently , and you need more than one of these on hand in such instances .
 We love this blanket so much , we 've given it a name ! My baby only stayed swaddled until she was about 2 weeks , then could wiggle out of even the tightest wrap and cried almost all night . Then of course would sleep all day ... then would be wide awake at night again ! It was frustrating ! When she was about 6 weeks , I remembered that I had bought this Kiddopotamus blanket -LRB- it was just sitting in the closet -RRB- and thought I 'd try swaddling again . That night , she slept 9 hours straight ! Every night since , she sleeps at least 7 hours , and some days as much as 10 ! Unlike other swaddle blankets I have , this blanket is soft and stretchy so she can move a little if she is uncomfortable -LRB- but arms stay in there -RRB- and you can open the bottom easily for diaper changes or when the temp is warmer . We think it 's a lifesaver for those who like to sleep at night . I think it has magic powers . ;-RRB- And , it 's cheap !
 First off , I really love this product . It 's the quickest , easiest way to swaddle my baby girl , who sleeps much better at night when she 's securely wrapped up . We went with this kind of swaddle over a blanket because she has been a `` mobile sleeper '' since birth , and always managed to wriggle out of our blanket swaddle . Note that these notes below pertain to the small size.Now - here 's what you need to know about sizing , based on my three months of experience and multiple attempts to get it right . - There are three kinds of swaddle fabrics at the time I 'm writing this :1 . Flannel -LRB- in the gingham prints -RRB- 2 . Fleece3 . Cotton jersey -LRB- like a t-shirt -RRB- . This variety has the most options in terms of patterns and colors.I 've arranged them in that order because that 's the order of smallest to largest . The flannel variety stretches , well , not at all . It 's the smallest of the three types of fabrics , therefore , in terms of fit . -LRB- My daughter outgrew her small size swaddle at 13 pounds , after washing it a few times - even though it 's supposed to fit up to 14 . -RRB- The fleece variety does stretch a bit - she 's now 15 pounds and this still fits her.The cotton variety is the stretchiest one - and it REALLY stretches . The first time after I wash and dry it , it 's pretty snug . But if I 'm lucky enough to get 2 or 3 nights of use out of it , by the third night it 's considerably bigger than it was . I just bought another small cotton one and my baby 's 15 pounds.What 's more , I just bought a flannel gingham swaddle in large , and that fits her great . -LRB- But the cotton variety in large was HUGE and I 'm returning it . -RRB- Anyway - hope this is helpful to all of you out there . This is a great product and I wish you luck !
 This wrap really does make it easier to swaddle your baby - moreover , it makes it harder for the swaddling to come undone , saving you time and effort . At such a reasonable price , it 's worth getting two so you 'll always have a clean one on hand . One thing to note about size
 When my daughter was born , I did n't know about swaddling , and it would take me HOURS to get her to sleep ! I would feed or rock her in my arms until she falls asleep , then put her in her crib ... and she 'd flail her arms , wake up and cry , and I had to start all over ! What a nightmare!Then I figured out that since her arms wake her , it would make sense to wrap her in something so she could n't move them as much ... so I started wrapping her in regular receiving blankets . It worked ! It became much easier to get her to sleep . But then she wiggled out of those receiving blankets and wake up again.When she was a little over a month old , somehow I came across SwaddleMe blankets on the Internet and immediately bought it . It worked great ! It was so easy to wrap my daughter in it , and it stayed put . My daughter started sleeping so much better!I wish I found those blankets sooner - it would 've saved me from so many sleepless nights ! 2 years later , my son was born , and thankfully I already knew about those blankets from the start . He goes to sleep great in the SwaddleMe blanket ! Out of curiosity , I tried to put him to sleep without this blanket , and his arms wake him right away - exactly the same as my daughter!I consider this blanket one of the most important baby items you could buy . It should be a must for a new mother who wants to get some sleep !
 What will they think of next ? I absolutely love this product . The lightweight , soft , 100 % cotton material is a great alternative to the heavier fleece for the warmer months . The neutral green color is wonderful for both boys and girls . It is easy to use and baby stays snuggly wrapped much better than the traditional recieving blanket . Mom and Dad can rest assured that your precious little one will feel safe and secure in the `` swaddle me '' .
 This is by far the best baby item I received and it is only $ 10 . I read Dr. Karp 's book and adapted his swaddling method to help my colicky son sleep . We started using the swaddle me and the 5 s 's at about 3 weeks . After about two nights , we were convinced that this is a great product . It made swaddling much easier . I am convinced that it helped my son sleep through the night at a very early stage . He started sleeping from 10-6 at 8 weeks ! He 's now 5 months and we weened him from the swaddle me at about 3 1/2 months , but -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- he 's a still a great sleeper now . I believe the swaddle me should be on every new mother 's list . I am buying them for all my friends ' baby showers now .
 This is a great product . Because I had a large baby , I was only able to swaddle my baby a few weeks with the traditional blanket wrap . This wrap easily accommodates him and does not come undone like the blanket . He sleeps better when swaddled and I do not have to worry about loose bedding covering his face should he wiggle free . I tried another brand -LRB- First Years -RRB- and the shoulder opening is too large and he was able to wiggle both arms out as soon as I laid him down . This brand is by far the best . I purchased three of them so one is always ready .
 When my daughter was born , I did n't know about swaddling , and it would take me HOURS to get her to sleep ! I would feed or rock her in my arms until she falls asleep , then put her in her crib ... and she 'd flail her arms , wake up and cry , and I had to start all over ! What a nightmare!Then I figured out that since her arms wake her , it would make sense to wrap her in something so she could n't move them as much ... so I started wrapping her in regular receiving blankets . It worked ! It became much easier to get her to sleep . But then she wiggled out of those receiving blankets and wake up again.When she was a little over a month old , somehow I came across SwaddleMe blankets on the Internet and immediately bought it . It worked like a charm ! It was so easy to wrap my daughter in it , and it stayed put . My daughter started sleeping so much better!I wish I found those blankets sooner - it would 've saved me from so many sleepless nights!I consider this blanket one of the most important baby items you could buy . It should be a must for a new mother who wants to get some sleep !
 This blanket made a huge difference in our lives . We were swaddling our daughter in a regular receiving blanket , but she is such a wiggler that she would be out of it within minutes . She would then of course startle herself awake . After a month of getting no more than two hours of sleep in a row , we bought the SwaddleMe out of desperation . Our daughter now sleeps at least four hours at a time . She has even slept as long as six hours without waking thanks to this amazing product ! I plan to buy one for every new mom we know !
 I think this is a great and easy way to swaddle your baby . I like this cotton fabric over the bamboo ... the only 2 I have tried . The bamboo was too stretchy . After 3 months the velcro is starting to wear out a bit , but he is also growing out of the smallest size and needs the next .
 Love this item . They are easy to use and snuggly fit your baby -LRB- if you get the right size of course :D -RRB- Relaxes baby , who hates to be swaddled too loosely with a receiving blanket . This does the job !
 My baby stays put ! The velcro actually holds my very wiggly baby ! He sleeps better at night .
 We 've used a few different swaddle blankets and this is my favorite . Stretchy cotton knit allows you to wrap the baby really tight but not overheat in the summer . The velcro stays out of the way and does n't poke the baby . You can also swaddle with one arm out . Beats the Miracle Blanket and Halo Sack in my opinion . Cheaper too .
 I wish I would have known about these when my baby was born . And where were these 10 years ago when my first was born ? I WOULD highly recommend these in whatever style . They are one of the best baby shower gifts and whom ever you buy these for will love this gift above all . Especially first time parents . But seasoned parents will love this too ...
 These blankets are great ! They keep my son swaddled and happy - we have tried so many blankets and swaddlers and this is one of the only kinds out of which he ca n't wiggle . The cotton fabric is nice and stretchy , and it 's much cheaper than the Halo Sleepsack swaddler . The small size was perfect from birth until 2 months -LRB- 11 pounds -RRB- , after which we upgraded to the larger size . You do want to be careful and not overdress your baby if using one of these since my baby gets pretty warm in it .
 This one was also my husband 's favorite swaddle to use with our daughter . It 's lightweight and fits snuggly . She was not able to bust out of it like she did others .
 This is a great swaddle wrap . I had borrowed a friend 's wrap which was a few years old , and my son was able to kick right out of that one . This wrap has more Velcro , which makes the wrap really strong . He 's never kicked his legs out , and he 's arms have only come out two or three times -LRB- probably because I did n't put it on tight enough -RRB- . I also like the cotton wrap because it 's light weight . In the winter he stays quite warm with just his pajamas and the wrap - no need for a T-shirt or socks . I 'm really glad that I invested in this wrap , and the bears on the Velcro are really cute , too .
 I love the SwaddleMe blankets . Until they are older and more mobile they , keep a baby snug and secure and prevent them from startling and waking themselves up in the night . Maybe I 'm just swaddling challenges , but I can never make a secure swaddle with a regular blanket . With the SwaddleMe , it is extremely easy to make a swaddle that stays in place .
 I have a few different tyoes of swaddles , this is my favorate . Since there is a ltiile stretch to the material the baby is not as confined . So she does ot get a worked up once getting swaddled for bed . Makes both the parents and baby nore happy .
 I just have to say that if you have a baby or know someone that does this is the item for you . It is the perfect item to wrap your baby in to feel secure . We used to use a cloth diaper to wrap up the baby years ago but now they have come up with this and it 's perfect . Get a few of them you wo n't want to be without it .
 This is the only swaddler I used with my daughter . I had no problems with it . The only thing I would mention is that this one was a thin cotton , while the other one I had was fleece . I recommend you decide which one to buy based on the season . This one filled its purpose .
 This product is a lifesaver ! My 1 month old son wo n't sleep without it . My only regret is not having more then one ! One night his diaper leaked and we had to take him out of it . Worse night sleep ever !
 I have used several of these in both the cotton solids and prints . I have a 3-month old daughter and at 11 pounds she is just starting to outgrow the small size but is too little for the large size . They need a medium size . One thing I like about the prints versus solid colors is that it 's easy to tell when the swaddle is right side out which can be tricky with the solid colors in the middle of the night when the light is low and you 're getting the swaddle set up one-handed because the baby is in your other arm . There have been several occasions where she manages to wriggle an arm out which is why I do n't give this 5 stars . Even though the velcro pads are designed to avoid catching on other things in the laundry , the swaddle has been stuck on something more than once when I take the clothes out . We also own a `` Miracle Blanket '' which really keeps her arms from escaping , but I find it a pain to use compared to this one . When we first brought her home we swaddled her in blankets but found that most of the time they would loosen up and her arms would get free . For the price , I think it is a worthwhile product .
 I ca n't rate `` how good it works '' yet as my grandson is due in March . BUT , the quality of the material is great and the concept of swaddling the baby makes sense . I ordered two , so there will be a `` back up '' handy if the blanket becomes wet or soiled .
 I ca n't rate `` how good it works '' yet as my grandson is due in March . BUT , the quality of the material is great and the concept of swaddling the baby makes sense . I ordered two , so there will be a `` back up '' handy if the blanket becomes wet or soiled .
 I love the soft fabric and how simple it is to use the SwaddleMe . My daughter prefers to have her arms up and out of her swaddling though , and the SwaddleMe is a little bit awkward when the necessary adustments are made -LRB- note that it 's not actually meant for this kind of wrapping -RRB- . If it were made just a little bit more `` adjustable '' I think it would be more appealing . Additionaly , at just under 9lb , my newborn daughter wo n't fit in it for long , so if your newborn is larger , keep this in mind . All in all though , I 'm happy with the SwaddleMe and pleased not to have to wrap and re-wrap her in a receiving blanket all of the time . It 's a good deal for new parents .
 This is by far my favorite swaddling blanket and the only one my baby sleeps well in . I 've tried all of them , from pricey versions to generic mass merchant brands . The Swaddle Me is the best made -LRB- check out the cute teddy bear closures ! -RRB- and tbe only one that stays in place . So easy to use , too !
 Do n't bother with the receiving blankets which are never big enough ... tough to swaddle with ... and leave you feeling like you 're restraining your baby in a strait jacket . We were given one of these swaddlers about two weeks in ... and it made a HUGE difference ! We have the fleece one ... and it is so comfortable , a bit stretchy -LRB- which gives your baby some ability to move -RRB- and fastens so easy ! Our baby went from two hours of sleep to FIVE consecutive hours when we started using this.You do have to be sure that the wings are wrapped snuggly around your baby 's upper body . . and that the velcro -LRB- which is soft ! -RRB- is tightly fastened , or they can wriggle their arms out of the neck hole . Whenever our boy managed that , I knew it was because I had n't swaddled him correctly.I thought our baby might not be up for swaddling at all ... but this product proved me wrong !
 We love this product . We started with the size small in fleece and now own 2 size large . I agree that the baby can get his arms out but even now that my son is 4 months old we use it and just do n't wrap his arms inside of it . I like the feeling that the blanket does n't get anywhere near his face .
 It always seemed that no matter how many times we swaddled our son , we could never get it tight enough . This solves that problem . Our little boy was nice and snug in this and slept like a log once we wrapped him up . The material did make me worry a little bit about whether the baby would overheat , but he never did . This is a great product .
 This blanket is absolutely terrific , and is the only way our baby will sleep at night . Getting a good swaddle in a receiving blanket can be much more difficult than you might think , but this blanket makes it possible . It is very easy to use and comes in a fleece for cold weather and cotton for warmer weather . The velcro can wear out or may not be exactly placed for the size of your baby . We do n't even use the side velcro ; we just pull the blanket extra tight around our baby and wrap it underneath him . We also bought the Large size for our 2 month old because he likes to kick at night and was undoing the velcro in the smaller size . With the larger size , he can still kick his legs , but stay contained in the blanket . I ca n't say enough good things about this blanket ! I bought several more to give as gifts to friends .
 Hubby and I could just never quite get the swaddle-in-a-blanket thing figured out . No matter how snug we 'd do it , our son always managed to wiggle both of his hands and arms free . This product made swaddling 10x easier , and was 100x more effective than our own efforts ! Makes life MUCH easier on us both.We found the cotton ones were more snug -LRB- and stayed swaddled -RRB- better than the fleece . Regardless , DEFINITELY worth the $ $ . I suggest buying at least 2-3 to have on hand .
 Our son , now 3 mo 's old , is a great sleeper when he 's swaddled in this thing . Without it he thrashes his arms and legs and startles himself awake . With it he settles down and sleeps like a champ . We 've been using it since he was a newborn . The little square of velcro does n't hold the bottom part on well at all , but it 's winter so we dress him in sleeper jammies underneath the Swaddleme anyway so it 's not a big issue . When we came home from the hospital at first we tried swaddling using receiving blankets but our son wiggled right out . We 're huge fans of the SwaddleMe and now give it as our standard baby shower gift .
 When I had my first child , swaddling was important but difficult . My 5 week old is swaddled every night before bed and seems very cozy ! Without startling , my child gets a full night of sleep only waking to feed 2 times a night . I love this product ! I could never swaddle very well with a regular blanket ... this swaddler makes swaddling so easy . . and I am sure more comfortable !
 I use this product about once a day . My daughter is 2 1/2 weeks old . I like the design , it 's easy to use . If my baby does n't want to be swaddled she usually lets me know right away , but if she is in the mood this is the best way to get a good afternoon nap . She stays in it for about an hour .
 My granddaughter had trouble sleeping at night so I bought one of these for my daughter to try . The next day after using it that night my daughter runs up to me and gives me the biggest hug . She said for the first time the baby slept not only more than a couple hrs . but she slept all night!I was a little skeptical for it to work so well and so fast so I waited to hear what would happen the next night . Well there again she slept all night . It has been over 2 months and with using this swaddler my granddaughter has slept 99.9 % of the time all night . There have been a couple times she was up but not anything like before . Wonderful product . Make your baby feel snuggly and safe . Easy to use . We love it .
 This swaddle was perfect for a larger baby . I would highly recommend for anyone still wanting to swaddle a child who has outgrown the smaller blankets !
 My newborn daughter as well as my husband and I love the bamboo version of this SwaddleMe . I ca n't speak for the cotton one , but I assume it is also great.My daughter loves being swaddled , but it took us a while to figure out how to do it right with a receiving blanket . With this thing , it 's incredibly easy , no swaddling experience necessary.We live in a cold climate , so the bamboo one often is n't warm enough on its own , so we usually swaddle her in it , then one more time with a receiving blanket around the SwaddleMe . It works perfectly and swaddling with the receiving blanket is then really easy since she is already nicely packaged in the kiddopotamus underneath.I also love that this is set up to work in a carseat.My only gripe is that the velcro areas seem to have trouble drying in the dryer . They stick to things and get it all bunched up and then it does n't dry the first time through . Otherwise , this thing is awesome . It made our first few weeks with a newborn so much easier that we went back and purchased a second one .
 very nice . easy to use . highly recommended . baby always seemed to manage to escape his blankets - this he can not get out of : -RRB-
 I recommend this product to all my new-mommy friends . It 's a must have ! My daughter still loves her SwaddleMe and she 's 5mo . I 've used one since bringing her home from the hospital and she 's always been a sound and LONG sleeper . At 3mo she was sleeping through the night -LRB- 8-10hrs -RRB- ... honestly ! In her SwaddleMe she could n't startle herself awake with her arms , and she loves feeling cozy and warm , like she 's still in my belly.It 's wonderful that they 're offered in small and large , for babies that enjoy being swaddled beyond the first few months.They are worth every single penny ... and they 're so inexpensive.Good colour selection too.A perfect baby shower gift . The new mommy will thank you endlessly for it .
 This is perfect in the larger size for overtired and cranky babies . I do n't need it all of the time , but it really helps when my baby is overtired .
 We purchased the SwaddleMe blanket when we realized the benefits of swaddling a newborn . But when we tried swaddling him in a regular blanket , he would just kick and push himself free . We 've been using the SwaddleMe blanket since our son was 6 weeks old and it 's amazing the difference it has made when he sleeps . Our son awakens easily and just the slighest movement he made would awaken him and send him into a crying fit . However , when he is wrapped tightly in the SwaddleMe blanket , he will sleep for 6-8 hours ! The blanket 's velcro is it 's best feature and helps baby 's arms and legs stay snug .
 This was a necessity for us with our newborn . Our baby had colic and needed to be swaddled TIGHTLY to keep from flailing his arms , scratching his face etc. . And sadly , my husband was swaddle-inept . This was the only thing he could figure out how to use.The reason I gave it four stars instead of 5 was the velcro ; pulling it apart woke the baby up every time because of the noise . Oh well , nothing 's perfect is it ?
 I 'm a father of two , one is currently swaddled in this . She sleeps in this . No crying ! Buy a few as your wife will want to wash it when the infant spits , throws up , etc. . .
 Every new mother needs a swaddleme . I have used several brands from numerous stores and I think the Kiddopotamus brand is the best . We have swaddled my daughter every night since she was one week -LRB- she 's now 4 mo. -RRB- and are purchasing the next size . I now give one of these as a present at every baby shower .
 This has been a very helpful product for us . For the first eight weeks after our daughter was born we swaddled her in a receiving blanket and then placed her like a little burrito into this swaddle sack . This `` double swaddling '' technique was the only way to keep her swaddled - if we used only the receiving blanket , or only the sack , she would wriggle out , but both together was perfect ! Now that she is older and not so wriggly we just use this swaddle sack . The only reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the velcro areas should be larger to accomodate different sized babies .
 My twins are 3 months old and have been sleeping through the night for a month because of these blankets . They are super soft and keep my babies nice & warm during cold nights -LRB- especially their hands -RRB- . I worried about them pulling their blankets over their faces at night and swaddling with receiving blankets would n't hold them -LRB- they wiggle a lot -RRB- so these are the perfect solution . I 'm ordering 2 more in the large size to get us through the winter . I highly recommend and will be gifting these to my expectant friends in the future .
 When my daughter was born , I did n't know about swaddling , and it would take me HOURS to get her to sleep ! I would feed or rock her in my arms until she falls asleep , then put her in her crib ... and she 'd flail her arms , wake up and cry , and I had to start all over ! What a nightmare!Then I figured out that since her arms wake her , it would make sense to wrap her in something so she could n't move them as much ... so I started wrapping her in regular receiving blankets . It worked ! It became much easier to get her to sleep . But then she wiggled out of those receiving blankets and wake up again.When she was a little over a month old , somehow I came across SwaddleMe blankets on the Internet and immediately bought it . It worked like a charm ! It was so easy to wrap my daughter in it , and it stayed put . My daughter started sleeping so much better!I wish I found those blankets sooner - it would 've saved me from so many sleepless nights!I consider this blanket one of the most important baby items you could buy . It should be a must for a new mother who wants to get some sleep !
 Our one-week-old baby loves his SwaddleMe . It quiets him instantly and keeps his feet and hands warm . It also makes him easier to carry . Best of all , he looks like a little pea pod .
 I had no problems with this product . I bought several . You can use it as extra blanket . Just swaddle around baby 's middle , leaving the arms out .
 I wish I would have gotten more of these over the other kinds that are available . It is hard for babies to wiggle out of these and you can change their diaper while their arms are still snug . I never used the carseat option , but it is nice that you can have your baby strapped into a carseat and swaddled . Most of the other swaddle blankets are not nearly as nice as this one .
 The first time we used this blanket our two month old baby slept through the night . -LRB- 9 hours ! -RRB- It was a life saver . The only downside is that they actually come in three sizes . Babies R US online only carries the medium size . It is too big for our baby so she can wiggle out of it and one time ended up with it around her neck . -LRB- it did n't impair her breathing though -RRB-
 Very easy to use ! I was clumsy when trying to bundle my newborn in a blanket so this product has come in real handy . The fabric is lightweight for warmer climates and does not shrink much when washed and dried . I would recommend it to any new mom .
 My daughter had colic really bad and nothing would ever seem to calm her down . We originally thought that she hated being swaddled but we were ready to try anything . We started using these and this coupled with her swing has worked wondering . Truley amazing and even though she 's almost four months now we are so not ready to give these up so we had to order them in a large !!
 This is a great tool for infants but this does run small and if you have a 8lb baby it wont fit for long especially after washing .
 Very nice product . We 've got what we needed . The baby sleeps better and do n't wake himself up as much during the night .
 My new born nephew feels more secured and seems calmer after using SwaddleMe . Highly recommended ! Only set back is the age tag on the products indicated it is good for 7-9 months but it feels a bit tight for a less than two-month old . Wonder why is that ...
 So much better than trying to figure out how to swaddle with a blanket . Stays put and keeps them warm and snug .
 This product saved my sanity !!! We have two twin boys that absolutely must have their arms totally locked down to get any chance of sleep . We were using blankets to swaddle at first , but they kept `` escaping '' and then needed to be re-wrapped and then calmed back down to get them back to sleep , nightmare ! We found this product and that first night we used them they only got up when they were hungry ! Of course that does not mean everyone who uses these will instantly have that happen because we all know there are a multitude of reasons why babies get up , but this did exactly what we needed to keep their little arms from flailing while they slept and waking them up . The sizing can be tricky here . They have three sizes , preemie , small and large . Our little guys were five pounds when they were born , so the preemie size was a no brainier , but they did not fit properly into the small size till they hit eight or nine pounds . The large size -LRB- which we bought ahead of time to have when we need them -RRB- says they start at 14 pounds , but now my little guys are around 15 pounds and the large size is still a little loose on the larger boned of my two boys and it way too big for my smaller boned son . I would almost recommend the preemie size for any newborn under 8 pounds.As far as the functionality of these wraps they are very versatile . You can undo the bottom and change a diaper w/o releasing the arms . You can also open , but not totally remove , the bottom and use the opening in the backside to strap them in their car seats while still swaddled -LRB- this worked wonderfully for us when transferring sleeping babies from a car seat to a crib w/o disturbing them too much -RRB- . The material does stretch with use slightly and tighten up in the wash -LRB- similar to how jeans shrink up after washing them then ease back out when you have had them on a few minutes -RRB- but if you have the right size this should not be too big of an issue as the Velcro fasteners have a larger area to fasten to so you just pull it as tight or loose as you need . It is also very easy to leave one hand out when your baby wants access to his/her fingers and thumb . Our boys are three months now and have just started sucking their thumbs -LRB- self soothing is such a blessing -RRB- , but if we leave both hands out the one they are not sucking just flails around and keeps them up still . So when they go down their left hand is out -LRB- both are little lefties -RRB- and their right hand is firmly tucked in the swaddle.I looooove this product and would not go through the infancy stage without it !
 This product worked well for me with two babies , and I 'm sure the next baby will love it too . I do n't mind that the fabric stretches a bit . But the one sad flaw is that the little hole for the seatbelt is only in the back ! You are supposed to swaddle the baby AFTER you put him in the carseat/swing/other seat ! This was a real problem . Imagine baby sleeping happily in the swing or bassinette , and it comes time to pick up/drop off another child at school . There 's no way to get baby into the carseat without waking him up . Or another common scenario with my children was that baby would fall asleep while breastfeeding -LRB- swaddled -RRB- , and then would need to sleep in a seat or swing because of acid reflux . Again , no way . I 'd be stuck holding the little guys upright for 15-20 minutes until I was sure they would n't have reflux while lying down . So sad and so unnecessary . With a matching hole in the front it would have been easy .
 I have used Swaddle Me 's for my last two babies . This one is made better than the old ones I have from 3 years ago . Kiddopotamus has made a few changes in the velcro placement that makes the baby stay swaddled better . I live in the south and I really like the cotton knit material for the warm and hot months . Just make sure you do n't leave the velcro open for washing . It is very strong and will catch on other baby clothes and reduce the velcro strength . I could n't do without these things !
 I was given this as a gift & left it in the package for some time . As a new mommy , I thought sleepless nights were part of it , until I visited my family when she 's 3 months old . I finally tried this & wish I had much sooner ! My daughter HATED being put into this -LRB- it 's a little tricky @ first -RRB- , but would quickly nod off to sleep after she was in it . We did n't like putting her in it either , it was a last resort , b/c it felt like we were torchering her b/c we had to make it tight enough . We & she could n't have slept w/out it on MANY nights !!! You MUST use the velcro , as it 's shown . Figure it out b/c it 's the only thing what will keep your baby in tight , if he/she is fidgety & strong !
 I ca n't imagine what i did before I got this for my baby . I love that it comes in two sizes and that it is easy to bundle up even the wigglyest of babies nice and tight . I will buy one for everyone I know when they have a baby.Note
 Let 's face it , you have a newborn and tons of dresses , etc. . Do you really need them ? Do n't think so , as mostly it 's a wrap you will be having , etc. . Now , the problem with wraps is that invariably the legs `` shoot '' out , sooner or later , the blankets get tangled and there 's a pronounced risk of SIDS due to suffocation . On these aspects , this product is a life-saver . The velcro tags get attached wonderfully and tucks the legs in too . The baby also loves it as there 's no creases , etc. which is pitching him/her somewhere . A HIGHLY recommended product.There are 2 sizes - big and small . They do have a difference . I think the small suffices till 3 or 4 months . The big 's not required much since by that time you 'll need to figure out if your baby likes/dislikes such wraps , or prefers clothes , etc. etc. . Do n't try to use the big on a newborn though . It 's too big and the newborn will effectively `` swim '' inside !! Finally , the velcro tabs wo n't fit and thus you 'll have troble attaching them .
 With our first child , we did not swaddle b/c my husband thought it was making our daughter uncomfortable . She had many a nights that she cried herself to sleep trying to calm herself down . With my son , I learned from a friend that swaddling comforts them and it truly works like a charm for an infant . The SwaddleMe blanket makes the swaddling process so much easier and is harder for them to wiggle out of . My son is now 5 months and I still swaddle his body . I leave his hands out but he likes the comfort of being wrapped up and it is so much safer than putting a blanket in the crib with him . I think this is a newborn essential and I plan to get one for every friend who has a baby shower !!
 My daughter is suprisingly a very light sleeper , and would get easily startled by the lightest sounds . She 'd fling her arms and hit her face and wake herself up . When she was a newborn , I bought several of these SwaddleMe 's , and they really worked for her during the first few months . Especially at night they kept her asleep for a long time . Not to mention they also kept her warm during the cold winter time . The cotton ones seem to be more comfortable . I also bought some fleece ones , but I was afraid it would get too hot for her , so I did n't use them as much . I washed them regularly , and they still hold together and in good shape . I am very satisfied with the purchase .
 I had decided I wanted swaddle wrap before my son was born , but a friend talked me into just using receiving blankets as a cheaper option . But I quickly learned that the hospital receiving blankets are much larger than the ones you can buy in the store . So I wrestled with little blankets for a while , but they would never stay closed , as my son squirms a lot in his sleep . After a short while , I just quit trying to swaddle.My son is now 6 months old , and he 's had multiple sleep related difficulties all along . A big problem has been simply laying him in his crib . He would wake up two , three , even four times when laid down , before finally staying . Extremely draining . I thought he might be too old to swaddle , but another friend assured me they swaddled their baby until he was one . I immediately bought the large SwaddleMe wrap . Using it almost instantly solved the problem of laying him down in the crib - it only takes once now . I ca n't begin to describe what a relief that has been ! I regret not following my initial instincts and buying one of these months ago.Why I love this particular SwaddleMe wrap
 I think this is a great product . I probably just prefer to swaddle my baby really tight . You can only swaddle the baby to certain point , because of where the velcro is placed . I wanted to swaddle him tight enough so that he could slide his arms out , but the product would n't let me . He 's still a newborn , only about 10 pounds and this was the smallest size they had , so it 's not like I could get a smaller size for him . Good product , but if you 're wanting to swaddle your baby tight , this product is not recommended . Target sells a blanket made from a material kind of like long johns . This is my favorite blanket to swaddle with . It stretches and keeps the baby swaddled .
 We love this blanket so much , we 've given it a name ! My baby only stayed swaddled until she was about 2 weeks , then could wiggle out of even the tightest wrap and cried almost all night . Then of course would sleep all day ... then would be wide awake at night again ! It was frustrating ! When she was about 6 weeks , I remembered that I had bought this Kiddopotamus blanket -LRB- it was just sitting in the closet -RRB- and thought I 'd try swaddling again . That night , she slept 9 hours straight ! Every night since , she sleeps at least 7 hours , and some days as much as 10 ! Unlike other swaddle blankets I have , this blanket is soft and stretchy so she can move a little if she is uncomfortable -LRB- but arms stay in there -RRB- and you can open the bottom easily for diaper changes or when the temp is warmer . We think it 's a lifesaver for those who like to sleep at night . I think it has magic powers . ;-RRB- And , it 's cheap !
 I * LOVE * this product . It 's a far better velcro swaddler than the other brands because it uses bigger patches of velcro . In comparison to a blanket , this is much easier to use and provides much more durable swaddles . I 'm quite good with a blanket , but by six weeks of age , my son could wriggle out . On the other hand , at three months , he 's never wriggled out of the cotton flannel Swaddleme.However , even in cold weather , the microfleece is too hot . Several times I 've felt under the blanket to find my son sweaty . It 's even worse when we combine the swaddle with a sling . On the other hand , the cotton knit -LRB- solid colors -RRB- blankets are too stretchy - my son quickly converts his knit Swaddleme into a toga , leaving both arms flying free . The cotton flannel -LRB- gingham prints -RRB- has less stretch than the other two fabrics , and plenty enough cover to keep a baby warm at indoor temperatures . It is trickier to find , but worth the search.The microfleece Swaddleme does , however , make a great non-swaddle blanket on cold days , particularly when the baby is in a front carrier . The velcro is quite versatile .
 I started using this after our baby started `` escaping '' out of our swaddle . This keeps his arms from flailing and waking himself up . Right now -LRB- 3months -RRB- we are swaddling his arms , letting his hands stick out on the top so he can pacify himself . I also created holes for his legs to stick out since he really does n't like his legs wrapped up . Also recommend using the larger size .
 My daughter just turned 2 months , and I just discovered these blankets 2 weeks ago . She only sleeps when swaddled , and we were using regular receiving blankets to do this ... which always concerned me in regards to suffocation risks , and she was demonstrating her houdini-like quality and breaking free in her sleep , which would wake her up . The velco is VERY strong . It keeps her covered and warm -LRB- we have both the fleece and cotton types -RRB- , confined and asleep ... and safe . The flaps fold over the shoulders just right , so that the cloth is secure and away from the face . You only have to un-do the bottom pouch to do nightime diaper changes , keeping baby warm and snug , so they can easily return to sleep .
 This snuggle is great . My son grew out of his other one that was another brand . We ordered this one and liked it even better than the other one we had . It has velcro in all the right places to keep the baby snug and tight .
 We use this on our 4 month old -LRB- 13 lb -RRB- daughter now that the weather is warmer . It 's a bit large on her , but we 're still able to make it work just fine . The material is very soft and the pattern is cute . I love the velcrow closures .
 I buy these for all my friends expecting . These blankets got my husband and I through the early tough days and nights of raising twins . Pair it with the DVD Happiest Baby on the Block and your set ! We loved the small sizes so much we went online and bought the large sized ones . Green cocoa dot is my favorite pattern -- so soft and stretchy .
 I love this product . I live in the southwest and my 3 month old loves to be bundled . My husband was clueless on how to bundle him so that it would stay , so it was frustrating for both of them when I was n't home . When I bundled him with a traditional blanket he would roast in so many layers of blanket . If I wrapped him in just a onesie , his bare feet would work loose the blanket . I wanted something my husband could do and that would be cooler . I bought a similar product at wal-mart but it was too small and did n't come in any other sizes . Unfortunately my big guy is n't a one size fits all infant . After looking online this was the best price and I could pick the size and material I wanted . My only problem is that you have to be very careful when you wash it . Despite my best efforts it still sticks to other laundry . I usually just end up hand washing it and hanging to dry . Other than that both my husband and I love this blanket . He loves that he can wrap him up without having to call me , and I love that my guy sleeps better at a more even temperature .
 This is the best ever ! I wish we had used this with our daughter instead of making a blanket swaddle every night . I was so afraid that she would wiggle out and smother in her blankets -LRB- irrational new mom fear , I know -RRB- but this swaddle is so secure there is no way that could happen . Our son is 10 weeks old and still wants to be swaddled at night . The instant we wrap him in this swaddle he closes his eyes and drifts right off to sleep , and it is really easy to use ! I ca n't say enough good things about it .
 My daughter is almost 8 months old and she is an expert of getting out of her swaddle blankets . This blanket is very stretchy and soft . Even though occationally she still got her left arm out , she sleeps better in it . I highly recommend it .
 This blanket is a life saver ! We went from 2 hour sleep stretches to 6 hours . My son could break out of a regular swaddling blanket within a couple minutes , but the Swaddleme blanket keeps with swaddled all night long .
 Excellent product . The only swaddle blanket my kids could n't escape . Be careful not to over-clothe/wrap infants with any swaddle blanket .
 These swaddle blankets are awesome ! I did n't have the benefit of having these with my son , and boy I wish I did . We use this to swaddle our daughter every evening , and she knows it 's time to sleep . We struggled to keep our son swaddled in regular receiving blankets , just could n't get them to stay put no matter how hard we tried . These are very secure and she definately enjoys it . The only caveat is the fleece one is too warm , no matter how cold the climate . Our pediatrician advised against using microfleece to swaddle infants because he feels they get too warm and it may increase the risk of SIDS . The only thing I would advise to follow the directions and not put them in the dryer because they do shrink !
 I ILIKE ITITS HELP ME LOT I ADVICE U 2 TAKE IT AND SEE HOW ITS HELP
 When my baby was four weeks old -LRB- now one year old -RRB- , he would not sleep on his back . The only time `` we '' got any sleep was when he was on his belly on my chest or laying next to me in bed . When my hubby mentioned this to our pediatrician , we got a stern talking to and he insisted that we make our baby sleep on his back in his bassinet or crib . I researched ways to help my baby sleep comfortably on his back and found lots of positive reviews for the Swaddleme . So ... I forked out the cash and bought one . Much to my surprise , it worked ! The main reason my son had such a difficult time sleeping on his back was due to the startle reflex . He would wake himself up when his little arms would flail around . The Swaddleme kept him bundled and he had less episodes of waking himself up . I bought two more and used them until he was around 6 months old . Make sure your wrap your little one up nice and tight otherwise they tend to do a Houdini and get their arms out the top . By the time my son was 4-5 months old , he was sleeping with his arms out -LRB- and the startle reflex was mainly gone -RRB- , but he still enjoyed the comfort of it wrapped around him . Also , do n't put your baby in really warm clothes since this adds a layer to their sleepwear . I highly recommend trying a Swaddleme if you are having a difficult time with your baby sleeping on his/her back .
 I love this product . Another great item to give as a gift for new babies . I am on my third child and wish I had had this with my other two .
 Our daughter slept 5-7 hours immediately after being born when she was swaddled - at 2 months she started sleeping 10 hours a night in it - it is the greatest invention in the world ! She also finds a lot of comfort in it and knows its part of her bedtime routine .
 Great product easy to use and effective , must have for infants esp if using Harvey Karp `` Happiest baby . . '' techniques
 My Daughters love to wiggle and squirm and can get out of anything I wrap them in ! This wrap seems to do the trick ! Yes , they do get out of it sometimes but it is the best thing that I have found to swaddle them with !!
 Our little 2 month old has been swaddled up nightly in these blankets since we discovered them . We were swaddling her the old-fashioned way in blankets until I found these . These are easy easy easy ! Also work great in warm weather , seems like the perfect amount of warmth for her , without her getting overheated even on warm nights . She loves these blankets -- they calm her right now even at her fussiest moments !
 My son loves this . He has reflux and sleeps in his Papasan infant seat -LRB- bouncer -RRB- . The harness slit in the back allows me to buckle him into his Papasan while he is in his Swaddleme . The combination of the Papasan and the Swaddleme works wonders for him . By two months old he was usually sleeping from 11 p.m. to 8 a.m. waking only once for a feeding around 4 a.m. . He outgrew the small size Swaddleme within a couple of months , but he has plenty of room to grow in the large . I love the velcro because it holds him in securely . Sometimes he will fuss and wriggle for a minute or two after he is put down but the Swaddleme holds him in securely and really helps him calm down . This is one of the very few products that I consider a must for new babies .
 This is so easy to use . My baby has been sleeping through the night ever since we got it . It is very helpful for naps and was great back when he had colic in the evenings . I only wish it came in extra large , my baby is about to outgrow it -LRB- he 's 5-1/2 months and very tall -RRB- .
 I swear by these swaddlers ! I put my baby in it and she sleeps SOOOO well ! It is also easy to calm her when we place her in her swaddler ! Great item !
 I love this product . I could never get the hang of swaddling with a regular blanket even though my older daughter and the hospital staff made it seem so easy . This product makes it simple with the numbered velcro tabs it is really as simple as 1-2-3 . If you need to change the baby 's diaper , you do n't have to undo the swaddle , just open the bottom velcro tab and change them and then redo it . I was able to do this while my baby was sleeping without waking her . She loved being in it an slept much better and safer since you should not use loose blankets .
 Since my second child turned out to have colic , I looked for any little thing that might help . This product was well worth it . I do a pretty good job of swaddling with a waffle blanket , so I did n't buy one of these for my first child , but my second was so squirmy that she would work her way out of it within minutes . The velcro closures helped keep the blanket in place . It was very easy to use and I was even able to change her diaper without unwrapping her arms . You may think you do n't need a blanket like this one , but I will tell you from experience , it is definately worth buying at least one .
 We swaddled our baby from day 1 and she slept like an ace , 5 hours at 1 week and 11 hours at 8 weeks . The secret is using these Velcro secured blankets in addition to The Happiest Baby on the Block DVD . The author shows exactly how to swaddle for peak effectiveness . This method saved our sanity !!! The baby feels snug and secure , her arms can not startle her awake during the night , she 's a happy camper and mom and dad are definitely happy campers . This is the most important thing that we owned . It is definitely worth the money . Regular blankets do not work as well because they are not secured . Our baby did n't necessarily like being swaddled up at first , she would fuss , but the resulting great , full night of sleep followed . I wholeheartedly recommend buying the swaddling blankets and The Happiest Baby on the Block DVD .
 OMG ! The night I put it on my baby girl she slept 7 hours straight . I used one on her until she was 7 months old . She grew out of the large at that time . It 's so much easier than trying to make your own with a blanket . Only $ 9.99 but truly priceless !
 We used the Swaddle Me micro fleece for winter and swear by it for my son whos arms and hands ca n't stop moving . He 'd wake himself so the Swaddle Me is really helped . Much better than Halo because his arms are tucked in and he keeps himself calm . The cotton one is great as well . I have n't had the problem of it not fitting right like someone said . I got two - one for home and one for day-care .
 I think the swaddle blanket is great but wish the left flap was more secure so the little one could n't wiggle his arm out .
 Easy to use and such a safe and secure feeling for baby !
 As a new mom , I was not getting any sleep . I had received the Swaddleme and decided to try it out . My son started sleeping through the night immediately . I have bought these for 3 other people who had babies that were not sleeping through the night and it has worked miracles for all of them . The small is not small enough for under 10 lbs , but after that , they 're GREAT !!! My son still sleeps in his at 6 months and loves it .
 Buy one if you do n't already have one ! I really ca n't stop singing the praises of the SwaddleMe . We received 1 SwaddleMe as a baby shower gift and within 2 days of my son 's birth had to go out and get 2 more so that we always had a clean one on hand . Swaddling is so much easier and so much more secure with this , compared to a receiving blanket . At about 3 weeks our son began to kick and swirm in the SwaddleMe so we stopped using it because we thought he did n't like it anymore . Big mistake ! After trial and error and talking to the pediatrician we learned his kicking and squirming was due to fussying about going to bed not the SwaddleMe . Once we resumed using it at around 6 weeks , he slept longer and better because he would n't wake himself up with his startling movements , which most if not all babies do at that age . Needless to say once we started using it again he was quickly sleeping 8-9 hours straight at night , about 2 hours more than he was without the SwaddleMe.The cotton SwaddleMe is not as warm as the fleece one , so depending on the temperature outside and in the house , we use whichever one is most appropriate .
 The small is up to 14 lbs the large is 15-22 lbs for you moms who need to know . . will this fit my baby ... WORKS like a charm !!! use w / a swing and the soothing sounds sampler from Amazonor your own sound machine and baby quiets down beautifully . Very safe , keeps hands away from scratching baby 's face , secure and warming ... obviously use cotton in summer , microfleece Fall/Spring and flannel for Winter.also many believe this helps prevent SIDS . . I do n't know about that , but it can not hurt in my opinion.GREAT pRICE ... check around , this a deal !!!
 This is the only way to swaddle our baby that she ca n't wiggle out of . She sleeps much better when she is swaddled -LRB- she does n't startle herself -RRB- . We loved this so much we had to buy 2 more so now we have 3 to rotate through the laundry .
 Great product for the infants . I do n't know how to swaddle the babies . Everytime I try it just comes all lose . I 'm so glad that I found this product for my infant . Not only is it soft but , the my daughter looks so cozy in it .
 This is the only swaddle so far that has worked for us . My son stays nice and tight and secure in this swaddle . We will be buying more when he outgrows this one .
 Was very useful the first 3 months of age after that she broke free wothout any trouble .
 I bought several of these for my grandson , and his parents used it exclusively for his sleeping times . He always got quiet when the swaddle was tucked firmly around him . As he got older , holding his arms in , kept him from making random hand movements that would startle him and wake up . They used it for the first three months , and then moved him into a sleep sak . They were very pleased with these . A friend with a premie baby also loved the swaddler .
 We love this blanket so much , we 've given it a name ! My baby only stayed swaddled until she was about 2 weeks , then could wiggle out of even the tightest wrap and cried almost all night . Then of course would sleep all day ... then would be wide awake at night again ! It was frustrating ! When she was about 6 weeks , I remembered that I had bought this Kiddopotamus blanket -LRB- it was just sitting in the closet -RRB- and thought I 'd try swaddling again . That night , she slept 9 hours straight ! Every night since , she sleeps at least 7 hours , and some days as much as 10 ! Unlike other swaddle blankets I have , this blanket is soft and stretchy so she can move a little if she is uncomfortable -LRB- but arms stay in there -RRB- and you can open the bottom easily for diaper changes or when the temp is warmer . We think it 's a lifesaver for those who like to sleep at night . I think it has magic powers . ;-RRB- And , it 's cheap !
 All of the Kiddopotamus SwaddleMe blankets we own have been easy to use & wash/dry . Much easier , faster and cooler for baby than swaddling in a regular flat/square swaddle blanket . My son is 15lbs & 24 '' long , so wears the Large Size . I just wish there were more patterns to choose from . Kiddopotamus also sells a swaddle blanket made out of bamboo material - super soft & breathable ! Unfortunately that only comes in small .
 This is by far the best baby product for a good sleep . My son could n't sleep without being swaddled because he jerks his arms around and wakes himself up . But he always seemed to get his hands out of the receiving blankets -LRB- no matter how large or how tight we wrapped him -RRB- . We even started calling him Houdini.Then we got the SwaddleMe . They worked great and he does n't wake himself up now . In fact , now when it is nap time , we put him in his SwaddleMe and give him his pacifier and he immediately calms down and goes right to sleep .
 Our Jake loves his new larger swaddlers . At 5 months and 17 lbs he still sleeps best when swaddled and we love the lightweight , washable , stretchy fabric !
 This works well and helps our child sleep longer . She stays warmer and can not roll over when swaddled in her kiddopotamus ...
 This swaddle blanket is pretty good but not awesome . It 's gotten easy for my baby to get out of , or get tangled in , now that she is 3 months and can use her arms . I am not sure what to do now since she wiggles out and wakes up . But until now it was a great deal for its price .
 These swaddlers are great and make it really easy to swaddle your infant . We struggled with regular blanket swaddling a few times before moving to these full time . Definitely worth the cost .
 I was recommended to get one of these while I was pregnant and so I did but some people had said that they were n't that impressed . However I now have 2 and I am looking to get more . my little one did go through a stage of not wanting to be swaddled at all at about 2-3 weeks old , however when he got to about 5 weeks old he went back to loving it . I find these blankets very easy to use and as long as I wrap him as tight as they will go I have never really had a problem with his arms coming lose . This means he no longer jumps himself awake and manages to sleep longer at night .
 This is by far the best of any of the swaddle blankets I tried . As soon as I started swaddling my baby in it , he slept through the night . He is amazingly content when swaddled . I ca n't recommend this enough . I now buy it as a gift for all expecting mothers I know !
 When we finally discovered swaddles -LRB- about 2 months into newborn life -RRB- , Kiddopotamus was the brand we found was the easiest to use with a squirming baby - the tabs hold him tight and the different fabric options give you plenty of choices depending on the weather . Just be careful - once your baby gets strong enough , he can pull those velcro tabs off the blanket !
 This swaddle is my favorite gift I give to all moms-to-be I know and all of them just love it . It 's so easy to use , soft and comfortable , and it works so well ! I think this swaddle is the reason why we have never really had any sleeping issues . We used this swaddle up to 8 months -LRB- then the larger one -RRB- . Great , great thing .
 These blankets work great - we have 2 of them . This one is cotton and more lightweight , we also have the same one in a heavier fleecy material . You ca n't beat the price ! After you get the hang of it , you 'll find that you can swaddle your baby in 10 seconds , and my 6 week old has been sleeping through the night with this swaddling blanket - 7 to 8 hours uninterrupted ! She 's about to outgrow it , though . We 'll need to order a larger size soon .
 These swaddleMe 's are a great invention . My , now 5 month old , had terrible colic starting at about 5 weeks old . We used these , swaddleme 's , to help soothe her and they helped us a TON . We would first swaddle her in a receiving blanket , as directed by Dr. Karp , and then use this swaddleMe as added security . I highly recommend swaddling little ones , it saved us a lot of heart ache .
 These swaddleMe 's are a great invention . My , now 5 month old , had terrible colic starting at about 5 weeks old . We used these , swaddleme 's , to help soothe her and they helped us a TON . We would first swaddle her in a receiving blanket , as directed by Dr. Karp , and then use this swaddleMe as added security . I highly recommend swaddling little ones , it saved us a lot of heart aches .
 These blankets are amazing ! Both of my children are swaddle sleepers and these blankets are nice and lightweight so they do n't get overheated , but yet they hold them nice and snug so they do n't wiggle out of them very easily . These blankets are what helped my kids be able to sleep through the night as infants without waking themselves up . I would recommend them to any new parent .
 These swaddlers are great ! They are soft , durable , warm , and really cute . My son loved being swaddled , and these were so easy to wrap him in . There is also a slit in bottom of the swaddler , so the seatbeat can fit through . He came home from the hospital one ! I highly recommend these .
 I love the SwaddleMe swaddlers . My newborn daughter slept so much better through the night when we swaddled her snugly . This product kept the swaddle secure with velcro closures . Also , it was easy to do diaper changes because you could keep baby 's arms swaddled while you pull down the bottom part.We used the cotton knit during warm summer nights and the plush , microfleece swaddler for cooler nights to keep our little darling snug and warm .
 I was quite pleased with this item when it arrived . It 's a gift for my pregnant daughter , so I wo n't know how useful it really is for awhile . I do know that it 's soft and pretty , and appears to be a secure way to swaddle the baby .
 I got these blankets for my baby shower and I love them . They make it where your baby stays tight and ca n't move around to wake themselves up . My daughter would move around while she was sleeping to wake herself up and with this blanket , she slept longer .
 Using this w / the `` Happiest Baby on the Block '' DVD , it was one of the few things I used constantly for the first three months -LRB- The other ones was a baby sling like Hotsling , rocking chair , and baby swing -RRB- . I got it for a gift but I quickly went out and bought 3 more in fleece version . This is so I just put my baby in a onesie tee or long sleeve and he wo n't need a blanket.Washing it is easy , you just have to make sure the tabs are securely on and just hang it dry . I live in a very dry climate , so fleece version just dries really fast .
 Great for quick swaddling , especially at night when you just want to get back to bed and have n't got time to spread out the swaddle blanket on the floor and re-do it when you get it wrong.Baby looks very cute in it too !
 We tried many different types of swaddle blankets -LRB- e.g. the Miracle Blanket , etc. -RRB- and the Kiddopotamus was the only one that worked right.The Miracle Blanket definitely kept our baby swaddled , but it literally took 2 of us to get it on her correctly , and it was such an ordeal that she was very upset by the time we were finished . In contrast , the Kiddopotamus is extremely easy to work with and wraps your baby up very quickly.My only word of advice is to buy the cotton knit instead of the flannel . We thought that the cotton knit would stretch more than the flannel -LRB- and indeed it does -RRB- , but we thought this would make the cotton knit less effective -LRB- as in the baby would be able to get out more easily -RRB- ; however , what we found is that the stretchiness allows you to wrap it more tightly and effectively than the cotton flannel.Also out of 3 flannel ones we bought , 2 tore holes in them very promptly . And even though the cotton knit was used probably 10 times more often than the flannel , it never tore a hole .
 This is a fabulous and ingenious product . Let 's face it , even the best burrito-wrappers -LRB- swaddlers -RRB- out there do n't want to mess with that process at 3 am ! And for the majority of us who are less-than-stellar at the technique , this is a 24/7 lifesaver!Key points : -- If you have a strong infant like our daughter , she will have the strength bust out of a wrapped-blanket swaddle . The SwaddleMe 's velcro prevents this . Even with the SwaddleMe , our daughter could get her hand up and out of the top , but this did n't preclude the soothing effect of the swaddle . -- This knit fabric version -LRB- SwaddleMe also comes in flannel and fleece-y type fabric -RRB- is the easiest to use - fabric itself stretches , unlike the flannel , so you can get it really tight . -- large `` fuzzy-side '' velcro patches allow for free-form positioning of the `` loop-side '' velcro tabs for a perfect , tight fit . -- you MUST follow instructions and fasten down the loop-side velcro tabs before laundering . For the one on the bottom in particular , you must stretch the fuzzy tab to completely cover all the loops . THe instructions clearly outline this as a necessity , but I draw attention to the bottom tab in particular - otherwise , you 'll hava lot of pilled and snagged laundry . THis is not a problem , but a detail to which you must dilligently attend . -- This , plus a snap-front undershirt and a diaper is all you need to clothe a newborn for at least the first four weeks . Simple and easy `` uniform . '' -- Note
 This is a great swaddle product . I bought these because my son is too big for the small size . He has been sleping through the night in these swaddle - me 's since he was four weeks old . I would recommend them to everyone with a newborn .
 I wish I had gotten more of these ... I have two so when one gets soiled I immediately start a load of clothes to get it cleaned ! My son does n't like his arms swaddled , but the rest of his body stays close and warm .
 The blanket is a little too thin but it swaddles very well . My baby will actually stay swaddled until we take her out of it .
 While it 's not a miracle every time , it does help a lot . We bought this blanket when she was about 4 weeks old . It fit her pretty well , and still does -LRB- she 's 6 weeks now -RRB- . I can tell that it will be too short before too long , though.The velcro has stayed put , and she has only wiggled an arm loose once . Swaddling her helps when she is over-tired and fighting sleep . Once she is in the blanket and we give her a paci , then rock her , she is usually asleep within a few minutes.The material is great for the weather right now , since it 's a jersey/cotton material ; it 's not too hot nor too light . We usually put her in a short sleeve onesie , and that keeps her from over-heating . I like that it 's created in a way that allows you to change diapers without undoing the swaddle around her arms.For those that gave the blanket a poor review because they say it did n't help their children , they have to remember that each child is different . They may not like swaddling ; or maybe sometimes they are n't crying because they need the comfort of swaddling , but possibly they are hurting or have a different want/need at that moment . It does n't mean the product does n't work as it should -LRB- the velcro stays in place , holds their arms down , etc. . . -RRB- . The product does n't promise to make the baby quit crying , but it says that it swaddle the baby , which is known to help.Good luck to everyone !
 This helps keep the baby swaddled and cozy . My 2 month old sleeps much longer in this product . The fabric is thin enough that the baby does n't get all sweaty as with the thicker fabric offered.Weird but cute comment
 My son was 6-13 at birth and the s/m fit him . It was big but it worked . He started to outgrow it at 4 months - he was too long , and he 'd start to pull his arms up and through the gaps at the bottom . He 's about average in length but skinny - we moved him up to the L size for length and it 's really big on him . Would work better on a fatter 4 month old . He slept better last night in his new bigger `` snuggie '' as we call it - we 've been having some rough nights as he busted out of the small one - or trying to skip the snuggie altogether , no luck there - but he did get all twisted and bunchie inside of the large so I had to unwrap and fix him at one point . I do n't like the hand gaps in this item , but for the most part they are n't as big an issue as I feared they 'd be - the bigger problem is the jump in size . For the price -LRB- compared to similar items -RRB- I have liked this a lot . This is my 4th kid , we just used flannel blankets on the others - the velcro and stretch makes things so much easier .
 My kids were not huge fans of swaddling in general , but for the first month or so when they were really little this worked out well . It kept them warm and happy at night . Would n't have done it differently .
 This is so easy to use ! Keeps my baby nice and snug all night . Soft material . A must get if you are swaddling your baby .
 This is an absolutely wonderful product . Out of all the products we bought , this one is my favorite . When our little one was newborn , it was easy and quick to swaddle her which made it nice . Now that she is a little older and can wiggle out of the blanket swaddle , it 's great because it has velcro closures so it keeps her snog all night and I do n't have to worry about her wiggling free and having loose blankets in the crib with her . I would get a couple sizes so you can continue to use them as you little one grows . Our pediatrician said it was okay to swaddle up to 4 months .
 Our 8 week old son was uncontrollably colicky until we tried swaddling . It worked amazingly well and this product made it so easy . I could n't find blankets that worked well -LRB- either too small or too square -RRB- . The easy diaper changes and ability to strap him into his swing were great . I buy this for all baby showers now .
 I received two of these for our newborn son and they are fantastic . My son constantly wiggled himself free and would wake himself up when I swaddled him in receiving blankets . This makes it easy to get a tight swaddle and the Velcro ensures it stays on well . Other reviews state that its too big , but if you tuck the left side of the swaddle under neath baby it fits perfectly .
 The product is so great ! Definitely helps a baby get to sleep ! Would highly recommend
 This is no `` miracle blanket , '' but it is quality , less expensive alternative - especially since your baby will only need to be swaddled for the first 3 months or so . I would highly recommend the fleece for colder months . The cotton is great , but I did n't find it warm enough for winter . The velcro tabs allow you to get this super tight and does n't allow your little one to wriggle out !
 My daughter has slept well from the day we got home , using the Kiddopotamus SwaddleMe . I ca n't believe the difference , even when I let her nap without it versus with it . In fact , now at 12 weeks , she calms down as soon as I put her in it and will relax and lay there even if she has been fussy or crying.My only complaint is the sizing , she grew out of the small -LRB- it was too short -RRB- and the large is still too big around . It works ok , but she gets her hands out sometimes because it is still a little big around . STILL , would n't go without it !!
 My husband and I jokingly call this the `` baby straight jacket , '' but this is probably the single and unexpectedly best purchase we got for our new baby ! Our daughter never slept well the first week -- hospitals here in Japan do n't swaddle babies -- and she would wake herself up every time she experienced the startle reflex . Her arms would be flying about and she 'd wake up crying . It was hard to get her to go back to sleep . That , and she also waved her ams around while awake and would end up scratching her face . Ever since using the SwaddleMe -LRB- we make sure to put her in it before feeding her for the night -RRB- , she has slept soundly through most of the night -- 2 cycles of 4 hours each , and she is not yet a month old . I only have to get up to feed her once in the night , and it is nice that the both of us get a good night 's rest . I have to fold down the neck part a bit as it tends to ride up and I do n't want it anywhere near her mouth , but aside from that , I think it is fabulous . Plus , she looks like a cute little caterpillar in her green SwaddleMe .
 The Swaddleme product is a must have for young babies . Once we started using the swaddle blankets for our newborn , sleep came so much easier and she stayed asleep longer . No matter how tightly we swaddled with her receiving blankets , she always got them loose . I 've tried other swaddle products but the pocket for their feet is better on this one so her legs do n't come out after a while of wiggling . Also , if you are feeding in the middle of the night , this product does not get all tangled up in its velcro if you let their arms free . It is a great value for the price and I highly recommend it . My daughter is long and by 2.5 months we were needing to look at a large . Be aware that the large size is harder to find and that there is quite a size difference between the small and the large . She kicks and moves a lot in her sleep -LRB- she kind of looks like a mermaid -RRB- but has never gotten out of this wrap and still calms right down when we put her in it . We plan to use this until she starts getting close to rolling over . -LRB- They wash up nicely too ! -RRB-
 Our boy out grew the original one , but this one fits like a glove . We 're both sleeping better now .
 The bedding I picked out did not have a diaper stacker ... so this one went perfect . To tie it in with the bedding I got the top monogrammed . It looks so cute ! Very pleased with it !
 Was thrilled when i found this online . I looked forever to find yellow gingham . Great price and quality was great too . eventhough stacker got heavy -LRB- sometimes the diapers got emptied and filled with books -RRB- there were never any tears . only downside was when my son got older , he would untie the straps . Found myself constantly retying once he got older ...
 Came quickly in the mail and in great condition . Looks really nice in person .
 This is a great diaper stacker . I highly recommend it . It is also very reasonably priced .
 We converted our toddler 's crib into a toddler bed and this set is great for bridging the gap between regular crib bedding -LRB- fitted sheet and blanket only -RRB- and adult sheets -LRB- fitted sheet , top sheet and blanket -RRB- . The `` top sheet '' has elastic on the one end so it never comes untucked , which is great . Since it 's summer we have n't used the blanket yet but looks good too .
 Really enjoy this toddler bedding . My 2 year old loves the dump truck and I love the fitted sheets .
 I purchased this set to go in the Little Tikes Racecar bed for my two year old and it looks adorable . Very well made and I love the fact that the sheet has elastic at the bottom so it does n't come unmade easily . I highly recommend this set .
 Hello ! I have the same sheet set , but in blue and red ! The quality is amazing ! The sheets are super soft and i LOVE how the sheets never come untucked because of the elastic on the ends of the sheets ! makes it so much easier to make the bed in the morning ! Gets softer with every wash !
 This is an amazing product . The enzymes eat the dead skin cells away , thus producing the same effect as doing an exfoliation without the abrasiveness . It smells delicious too ! You slather it on -LRB- thin layer is all that is needed -RRB- top of CLEAN skin , wait about 5 minutes and wipe off with wet cloth . Voila ! Smooth , silky skin !!! Younger in minutes .
 With a baby girl on the way , finding a frog theme was challenging as many have ` crowns ' that make the frogs look boyish . This set is sweet and has ruffles that make it adorable in a girl 's room . The accessories also are very cute - Our daughter loves the bedding set for her baby girl : -RRB-
 I like this crib set alot . I bought it for my first baby . It is for a boy . The colors on this set are real nice but is more of a yellow and yellow-green then green . I was hoping for more green but I am still not disapointed .
 I really like this set , its very cheerful and bright , the colors are nice , so far the baby loves it , likes looking at all the little bugs , if ur looking for something simple this is it . .
 They have a bigger opening than the soft shells , so they 're much more comfortable . They work well to keep air on sore nipples . They make your boob shape a little strange , but not terrible , and it 's definitely worth it .
 These are priceless . Buy them before you even give birth and use them immediately , before your nipples have a chance to get sore . Hopefully this will prevent pain when initially breastfeeding . A couple things to consider : I always wore these with pads covering them , so I 've never had a problem with them being obvious under clothes.Do not wear them at night . The instructions tell you this , but my nipples hurt so bad I could n't stand to have a bra or nursing pad rub against them so I wore them anyway . However , I sleep on my side , so that put pressure on the shell , which in turn put pressure on my breast in awkward places . I think -LRB- though I do n't know for sure -RRB- this led to some blocked milk ducts.Get these in combination with some Lanolin cream , and perhaps you will avoid the pain that so many mothers go through !
 I do n't know about it 's use for flat/inverted nipples , but this product works well for sore nipples . My first month of breastfeeding has been like a roller coaster of pain . This is what I found helps my dry , bleeding , or cracked nipples
 They are great to wear at home either at night or on weekends . They do not form with the breast and make your breast look weird when worn.ALTERNATIVE USE : I use them when pumping . When I pump one breast at a time , I put the shell to the breast that is not being pumped . Since it leaks , I collect the milk and do n't waste it at all !
 The Hospital gave me these shells when I had my baby almost 4 weeks ago . They were a lifesaver ! I probably would have given up on breastfeeding if these had n't fixed my flat nipples and relieved pain from breastfeeding . It is kind of annoying that they collect leaking milk though - esp . when you 're not prepared when you remove them - it can make a real mess . Otherwise , I loved this product and I would definitely recommend them over all other breastfeeding acessories for sore nipples .
 I get very sore and ca n't go anywhere without them . u cant see them at all through my clothing -LRB- thought it might make me look a little larger on top . -RRB- i wish i knew about these earlier . its also great for leaking - the foam absorbs so well and then you have the cup to hold leaking milk . you can barely leak through with this . i would even use this just to prevent leakage !
 This product was recommended to me by my newborn 's pediatrician . My nipples were so sore that I would dread breastfeeding due to the pain . I was bleeding enough during feedings that my daughter would spit up brown from the blood . I got these and there was instant relief by just having the weight of my bra off of my nipples . The extreme soreness I experienced was due to incorrect latching . IMPORTANT - These will not help if you have not corrected the cause of the sore nipples . I used these and lanolin oil and was completely healed in about 8 days . It is true that the little pads they provide to catch milk do not hold enough . I cut a nursing pad in half and placed it in the bottom to catch leaking milk . That solved that problem . It is also true that they protrude out from the breast and do not look natural . I guess this was not a huge problem for me because I only needed them for 8 days . I think I would have healed eventually without these , but they provided relief by removing contact with my bra/nursing pad and sped the healing process . I definitely recommend these .
 I was looking for the breast shells that I received in the hospital with my first daughter , but I could n't find them ... this is the exact product that I received from the hospital . I ca n't wait till my daughter gets here so they will come in great hand ! If you have a problem with inverted nipples or retracted nipples and need to train them prior to delivery , or just for sore nipples this is the product I recommend !
 I do n't have flat nipples but they 're close . These really helped me get started with breast feeding . I am so glad that one of my nurses recommended these to me . My son is 3 months old now and I do n't have to use them anymore because they helped to draw them out along with the baby .
 These pacifers are awesome , I bought for my 8 month old son who was having difficulty finding his pacifer at night he would search with one eye open but found it difficult to his pacifer . the handle of these pacifers glow in the dark and he has not had a problem since .
 Loved the teeth . They look great on the babies and are also a great gift for my equally goofy friends .
 When my boy looks back on his baby photos a few decades from now , he 's probably going to think his father was a weirdo . That 's OK . Who knows , maybe he 'll get a laugh out of them ? Certainly a lot of other people do . Hmmmm . I wonder what the kid thinks when people look into the carriage and laugh at him ? When does he develop his sensitivities anyway ? I guess I better not use these things overly long . In any case , I 've noticed various versions of these Billy Bob Teeth , and I just had to try them out . Sorry , guy.Gary Peterson
 Great novelty item - with a real pacifier for the baby 's mouth . Great baby gift that you can be assured , will not be a duplicate .
 Good service , cute product . It was fun to see a baby with this and take pictures . Some of the younger kids wanted to try it and hummm ... some adults .
 I ca n't see how this gets anything other than a 5-star review . The product is proportionally well created , with just enough `` lip '' to make any baby with a normal sized head/face look hilarious . The teeth are overly large which makes the caricature that much cuter.This product is perfection from beginning to end .
 Not much to tell . It is bought for laughs . We did n't open it yet . It is not packed too good , but OK , not bad . -LRB- WHY WE HAVE TO WRITE REVIEWS , if I wanted to tell only 3 words !? am limited to 20 , LOL -RRB-
 I love this . Some reviewers need to lighten up.Our 10 month old does n't use a pacifier , but we got it in long enough for a few good snapshots .
 I do n't use these as my everyday binkies ... but thought they were hilarious ! I pull these out when I need a good laugh at my twins looking even more adorable than usual .
 It 's a really cute bobo -LRB- pacifier -RRB- makes my lil ' cutie fat man have a lil ' extra personality , love it ! Would suggest this and any other one to anybody !
 It 's was a great gift 4 my granddaughter we had a good laugh I was very satisfied with the pacifier thank u
 Gave as a shower gift - it was a hit ... not sure if it will be used but it was silly .
 My 17 month old daughter loves this pacifier . She is old enough now to visually recognize this passifier vs the other 10 in her crib . She prefers this one . I think -LRB- I am guessing here -RRB- that it is because the plastic is thicker and more rubbery for chewing on than her other ones . I do n't know , but she loves it .
 My son is perplexed by pacifiers . We gave this to him on xmas eve and my wife and I laughed so hard we almost cried .
 The pacifier seems well made . The baby looks cute and funny with it and everyone gets a good laugh when they see him sucking on it .
 I love this paciifer ! It makes me laugh every time I see it ! It also made my son and daughter in law laugh!Sturdy packaging , fast shipping !
 Hmm ... This is not a personal attack on anyone , but T. Sagert , you 're a complete idiot ! After reading your racist review , I just had to go read the rest of your reviews ; and let me tell you -- I was n't disappointed.Why do you keep buying things , when time and time again you get let down ? Are you the kind of person who just can not learn from experience?In half of your reviews you even have the nerve to complain about typo 's when you have one yourself -LRB- in your CO Springs Notes -RRB- . You claim `` A Lamb To Slaughter '' is more fiction than reality . WAKE UP ! Ever been to Germany ? Buchenwald ? Auschwitz ? GO ! They did make lampshades of human skin ! They did make soap from humans , like we used to do from dead animals ! You ignorant fool!And the reason I had to write this ... `` 2 . You feed racist claims that southerners and whites are stupid . `` How is a set of buck teeth racist ? Nowhere , but in the eye of the beholder . You 're showing your true colors by making such a statement , you do know that , right ? I would n't have associated this pacifier with white southerners , had it not been for your comment . Heck , it 's people like you who create racism!Don ' t you get it?A joke is n't racist until somebody labels it as racist!People may think some are racist because they tell a `` black , '' `` Mexican , '' `` trailer trash white , '' or `` handicap/retard '' joke . You 're the racist , you bigot ; for making it a `` black '' joke . It 's just a joke . No color!I do feel sorry for you , though . You and your ignorance ...
 Yep , this pacifier will make you look like a moron all right . I would never buy one for myself because that would just be weird . But a gift for someone else 's kid ? Oh yeah .
 Totally love it and it 's totally cute and amazing . But it came without something to keep it clean . Plus the price is a little bit high .
 WOW ! I was so shocked by the needless venom of the last reviewer that I had to address them
 Very funny . By the time my twins were big enough to use it they stopped using pacifiers . I dont remember the age requirements for this .
 I got this pacifier for my 2 year old and they are hilarious ! We all got a kick out of them . For the price , why not !?
 i got two of these BB pacifiers . . i have two first cousins who are both expecting in 2013 . even if their moms let the baybees use the pink lips once , its still worth the price . btw the typo is intended . hence BIlly Bob ... i thought spelling baby wrong would add humor ... anyhow makes a good gag gift .
 Every time I look @ my baby wearing this pacifier I crack up ! Such a cute idea and the pacifierItself is a good one & my little guy likes it !
 I love it for the looks . Very funny ! However , it 's a little too heavy for my baby girl . We put it in and take pictures , but it 's currently not functional . Maybe when she is older it will be better . She is almost 6 months now .
 These pacifiers are just too funny . The poor baby will hate Grandma when she grows up and we show the pictures to her boyfriends . . lol . The pink is a darker than shown , but not worth the shipping cost to send back . Packaging and delivery was great . If you have a weird sense of humor this is the supplier to order you pacifiers from . Just hope mommy thinks it funny too .
 This dummy is hilarious . I bought it as a joke for a friend and I 'm sure it will be well received . Hope she uses it on the baby becaise it will look hilarious !!
 Perfect pacifier for parents with a large sense of humor ! It is cute , fun , and the baby loves it . I would recommend this product .
 I bought these funny little pacifiers for my girlfriend 's twin baby boys . She loves them and everybody gets a laugh . Just when you think your baby ca n't get any cuter , pop one of these in their mouth and you wo n't be able to take your eyes off of them ! LOL . Best thing ever . :-RRB- And the best part is the price ! I looked all over the net for the best price on these and Amazon has every other site that sells them beat by far ! Love my Amazon !
 I cant stop laughing when my nephews and nieces are using it . And they also like , my niece keeps looking into the mirror and laughing . Cheap and funny gift . Ah , and it seems to have a good quality also , so do n't worry about safety and health ; - -RRB-
 I bought this pacifier for my newest niece . I have n't seen her use it yet because she 's not quite old enough for it , but my friend has one similar to it for her son . It is hilarious to see .
 This is a must have item for any folks who have ever asked for their `` two front teeth '' for Christmas . It had my pop laughing out loud and super excited that after many years of asking for his two front teeth for Christmas , every year ; now he has finally received them . He 's not really missing his two front teeth , he only ever asks for them as a gag , so this item was a perfect way to fulfill his gift list and keep the family laughing .
 It 's fun and is a standard-quality product , but it 's not exactly as I expected because the illusion is n't as perfect as on some pictures shown ! But not regretting the purchase , fast international shipping , thanks !
 This was hilarious ... the perfect gag gift for a young relative that 's a new father and scared to death of it . Doubt that it 's super functional because it seemed a little top heavy , but that was n't my purpose .
 This was a gift to my boss for her 6 month old son . She commented on the packaging and quality of the pacifier . It 's not cheap or thin plastic . The way the part that goes into the mouth is shaped she says was just like the expensive ones , a comfortable fit for him . She totally approved - and that 's hard because she 's a fist time mom and rightfully picky about what her baby has . Needless to say ... that photo of him using it was hilarious ! Her and the hubby get a kick out of it .
 As soon as my son got it he pop out the old one and slap in the new ! Two words sums it up FUN-NEY !
 Great product , my son chewed the rubber end off of his old one and refused everything else . He sleeps with his replacement under his pillow , because it is n't broken in like the old one . Great customer service , my order was processed immediately .
 WOW ! I was so shocked by the needless venom of the last reviewer that I had to address them
 I bought this for my son and people LOVE it ! I am asked all the time where I bought it from cuz they want to get it for their grandchild , niece , nephew ... ect I often think Amazon should pay me for the amount of word of mouth I have given on this product ... I think if you have a sense of humor and do n't see it as some slam against humanity -LRB- as some reviewer has -RRB- than you 'll love it , I think if you do have a problem with it you probably are n't even bothering looking at the product page and or its reviews .
 fun idea to give as a lil added gift to your babyshower gift . was a bit diappointed on how it was packaged tho ... was like it was repackaged .
 I got this for my great nephew and it 's so funny to see him ! We had to take so many pics
 Very good product , quality and finish . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
 Funny StorySo my dearest brother was riding his bike to school one day when he hit a bump that sent him fly off his bicycle and landing face first on cement . he came out rather bloody and required even a little sowing up . The funny thing about this is that he busted both of his front teeth in process , just a few weeks before Christmas . terrible , yes , but the merry little Christmas song about wanting only &#34; two front teeth &#34; for Christmas came to mind . yes , chuckle at my cynicism , for i did for quite some time maniacally . Finding this to be the greatest pair of teeth he would ever own and for such a meager cost , the purchase was made . thinking myself quite clever and still being two weeks from Christmas , i picked the cheapest shipping cost i could find , not looking at how long it would take . The next day I get a tracking number and was chocked to find that it will be delivered sometime between January 5 and January 25 . As it turns out these dear teeth came straight from china hot off the conveyor belt . It was quite depressing but showing the many family members what i had purchased brought many laughs and my dear kindly gave me the flipper.the End : -RRB-
 Funny , cute and Functional too . Bought this as a gift for a 14month old little boy . This is a Great bargain too .
 When the product was recieved it was packaged well and all portions of packaging was intact . The product seems to be of great quality and is durable . I intend to buy another variety of billy bob baby pacifiers in the future as my daughter loves hers ! Thanks for the awesome product and quick shipping as well !
 I purchased this item for a friend that had a baby and she loves it!I am happy to have made her baby look silly !
 i get laughs in church and at the store with this in my kids mouth . It is actually his favorite binky !
 Bought this for my friends baby and had some good laughs ! and it shut him up for a while too !
 A must have for a fun baby shower ! Ca n't say that the babies are into it , but I know my two year old nephew loves to walk around with this in his mouth and get some laughs !
 These are disturbing in a funny way . Great gag gift for our daughter , son-in-law , and new grandson . Great idea , lol
 I did get the product I ordered so I can only assume the people that did n't ordered from a different vender or got confused and ordered the wrong product . That being said , this thing IS sold as a novelty and for the reason I took that into consideration during my review . This thing is too cute , the nipple is too large for a new born but should be usable after about 6-9 months . There is no ring or ledge for removal from a baby 's mouth or to attach a pacy clip to . This should n't be a big deal because this should probably only be used under CLOSE supervision due to the nipple size , weight and materials used . Let 's face it , though it can be used by a child it does n't look like usability was the main goal when making this . Laughter was . It 's built well and will work . If your baby does n't like the nipple on the pacy try pulling the face off of this pacy can gluing it onto another one .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift and it made the entire day ! We all could n't stop laughing when the baby put it in his mouth ! Definitely makes for great pictures on facebook and chuckles !!!
 I gave this as a gift to a friend who is expecting a new baby . As self-proclaimed `` rednecks '' , they loved it , and the pacifier was a big hit at her baby shower . I do n't know how good it is for use as an everyday pacifier , but for photo ops and family parties , I 'm sure it will be great and get a lot of laughs . If you want to make someone smile , then go ahead and purchase !
 I bought this pacifier for my nephew in Brazil . My brother in law is a joker and I thought this pacifier would bring lots of fun . It 's a great quality material and come with instructions to sanitize before using it , which I think is very important .
 It did its job , and its great that I did n't have to buy the whole cup .
 The replacement valves was just what I needed for my breast pump . I do n't know of anywhere else that would just sell the replacement.When I placed my order it was because the price was right and the picture was perfect.I could see that it was the right replacement that my pump needed.And it did ` nt take long to get it . Thanks A LotPriscilla
 Used as replacements for my Medela pump parts . I had to throw my old parts away in between pregnancies . These work with all of my Medela parts .
 replacement for pump works fine ... .
 This is the same product available at babies r us but a better price . I got these for my Medela Swing .
 I 'm always screwing up my valves - they 're always hard to get off the pump to clean them , and I end up warping them . Whoops . Well , problem solved ! I can just buy more .
 Thought there worked great with my Medela pump in style . I only gave it 4 stars because I 'm not a huge fan of Medela membranes because they tear at the top too easily and Medela brand items are pretty expensive , but again they did what they were expected to do .
 I ordered a set that said it was for the medela pumps , but they did n't fit properly . Since this was from the brand I had no issues with these . I will stick with the Medela brand from now on .
 I had looked at these exact replacement pieces at the baby store near me , but these were cheaper . They fit my Medela Pump in style advanced perfectly .
 Ordered these replacement parts , all in original packaging and work well with the pump . No problems at all , we received what we wanted and have one happy baby !
 Always a good idea to have spare parts for such an important piece of equipment . Medela is the best !
 These were the exact replacement I needed and they were easy to replace .
 You might not even need these extra 's if you keep your original one 's in good condition
 I pump a lot and having extra valves comes in handy so I do n't have to wash the same ones all the time -LRB- who has time for that -RRB-
 I 'm so happy to have extra parts ! It makes pumping that much easier and take the hassle out of having to clean up after each time .
 Shipping was quick , got for extra parts for my pump that is awesome and I want to be able to use it for a long time .
 good price , good product and saved me a drive to go buy them , my sister is having her second baby and we gave her back the breast pump which she lend us when we had ours , this is one of the parts which can not transfer from one mother/child to another .
 I would definitively purchase this product again . I bought a pump from my best friend and needed all new valves , membranes , and hoses . To replace all of the parts from Medela , it would have cost me well over $ 60 . To replace it using Amazon , I spent less then $ 15 . These are the exact same parts from Medela for a nice little discount .
 Ordered these as a backup as they are so small . Lost a pair down the drain already as I was washing the pump supplies .
 I wanted some replacements for Medela pump in style parts . They are exactly that . Work great on my pump . No problems .
 Good product , identical to the ones at Target or Medela.com . They worked just like the ones that came with the pump . Price was good and would order again if needed . Membranes shipped early and arrived nicely packages .
 I could n't be happier with my purchase . As promised I received my order in a matter of 3 days . Baby is due in 4 weeks and these will surely be put to good use when I start using my Medela breast pump .
 As always , ever so thankful that I can get parts for my pump . It works hard ensuring that my child is taken care of when I am not there to provide for him myself .
 This product is exactly what I was expecting to receive . I ordered it as a back up so that I would not have to keep washing and using the same valves and membranes over and over and would have a clean and dry set ready to go at the next pumping session . It came quickly in the mail too .
 I use my medela pump four times a day and these have held up perfectly . Very easy to remove and clean .
 I recommend this item if you wash your pump parts in a dishwasher or a sink with a disposal . These are the smallest pieces of the Medela Harmony manual breast pump , and can be easily lost . I received two valves and two membranes in the manufacturer-original packaging as pictured .
 We had a problem with our medela pump pumping milk into the tube that is supposed to create air suction . Replacing this membrane completely fixed the problem and the pump is as good as new . I am very happy with these valves and membranes .
 I got my pump in August 2006 and used it for a few months before carefully cleaning and wrapping everything up for storage ... pulled the pump back out in February 2011 and was going along perfectly until all of a sudden I completely lost suction on one side . Lo and behold , one of the two valves had cracked practically in half ! Thank GOODNESS Medela sells these parts and that Amazon carries them . I ordered this item after midnight on a Wednesday and had it in my hand by Friday . Back to duel pumping and ready if anything else happens to these parts !
 My breast pump started having issues after two babies -LRB- milk going into the tube/pump -RRB- , and replacing the valves and membranes solved the problem .
 My baby and I both developed thrush . I 'm exclusively pumping because my baby ca n't latch properly . Because of the thrush , I have to sterilize my pump after every single use . I ordered doubles of all the parts I need to sterilize -LRB- tubes , connectors , valves , membranes , and shields -RRB- so I could take my time sterilizing . It does its job and the quality is good . It 's super convenient to have an extra .
 Received a Medela Pump as a hand-me-down and wanted to replace the parts as not to contaminate . These were very useful and glad I replaced all the parts .
 Thank heavens for Amazon ! Made finding replacement parts easy . Was looking for the tubing and when it came up this was a suggested item . I probably would n't have thought of them !
 I am so relieved that they sell these parts individually . I was panicked to reach in my Garbage Disposal after is was making ` that noise ' to find that this part of my pump was now finely diced ! -LRB- The White Membrane did escape unscathed however ! -RRB- I got mine for $ 5.70 something with free shipping ! THANK YOU !
 I was sure buying Medela to have high quality and this was not an exception . Medela is one of the most present brand on the market , it 's a little expensive , but definitely the best one .
 valves are always needed when purchasing connectors of any kind . I would definitely recommend this product . Comes in reatail wraping and easy to use .
 The perfect purchase . I had lost one of the white membranes to my valve . This was a fast and inexpensive way to replace it . Now I have one for back-up as well . It shipped in a timely manner and was in new condition .
 I have the pump in style advanced metro bag breast pump and I was wanting another set of breast shields . These were the perfect fit . They are exactly like the ones that came with my breast pump .
 Was unable to find parts in Target , Wal mart or even Babies R Us . Found it on Amazon . Good price . BRAND NEW . Shipped fast with another product . Very very very happy . Recommend .
 Purchased a used pump . :--LRB- Needed new parts , since we just tossed all the parts that came with it out . This was a great replacement . Had no problems since .
 Needed new parts for my breast pump and ordered these . They were in great condition upon arrival . Brand new in the package as promised . Will buy again in the future if needed . : -RRB-
 Needed to replace the valves in my pump . This was a great price . Arrived prompt & easy to install .
 I couldnt believe how fast the item showed up . Just what I needed and right on time !
 I did n't realize the extra breast shields came with the valves , so I got these on the side . But if you need extra valves , might as well get the breast shields too . It certainly helps when I 'm pumping at work because I do n't have time to clean and sanitize .
 This was exactly what I needed . They shipped it quickly too . I need these for pumping and could not get started without them .
 These Valves are great replacement for the original . Great quality pump . easy to use and clean . Thanks for the replacement valves I dont have to replace the whole pump .
 Thank you . This was a a good price for the valves needed for the medela pump . I broke my previous ones by putting them in the dishwasher too many times . It will make the plastic crack . I 'll hand wash them from now on . Shipped on time as promised !
 I was very happy with the product and the service was great ! Could n't ask for more ! It was just what I needed !
 The product is as described . Came in product packaging like you would see in a store . Price is a bit less that what it would be at a big box store . The valves/membrane fit perfectly with both the stock breastshield and a second large breastshield that I purchsed .
 They work great and are exactly as shown in the picture . I recommend this product , as they are the exact same as the original membranes the pump comes with .
 This set of valves & membranes was at a lower cost than elsewhere , and exactly what I needed to replace . Thanks !
 Reasonably priced and shipped on schedule . Valves and membranes were new and in packaging as described . Pricing is very competitive and purchasing was easy .
 the membranes are very thin and after numerous use can be ripped . I like these membranes as it saves time and does not interrupt a process
 I have not had a chance to use this product yet , a few more weeks . Arrived on time and is the correct product . Pricing was good .
 I have purchased two nappycakes from Nappycakes by Shelli and I will be back for more ! I bought two of them for baby shower gifts for friends , and was so impressed that I asked for one for my own new baby ! They are so incredibly beautiful ! I was also able to special order a custom color!The nappycake arrived packaged perfectly and all I had to do was remove it from the box and place it as the table 's centerpiece . The customer service that I received was exceptional ! I highly recommend Nappycakes by Shelli !
 Sometimes less is more , especially when it comes to baby toys . I love these links . They are so versatile and fun , not to mention inexpensive . At 2 months , these links were the only toy that my daughter could really hold and grasp and aim in her mouth . At first , she just held onto and stared at them , then she slowly started to suck on them , and now that she 's teething , she gnaws on the different-shaped rings . They 're very practical , just click a few together and let her play ; or you can use them to hang other toys from crib , carseat , etc. . I attach everything to links because , at 4 months , she only holds onto toys for a little while before flinging them onto the floor . The links help a lot so toys do n't go far , and keeps everything clean . They come in super bright , fun colors to mix and match , and lots of different textures to chew on . They will be great for teaching colors , patterns , and counting . Overall , the best value for our money , and I would definitely recommend to parents who want a fun , educational toy that 's a great value for your money .
 Bought these to hang extra toys on the floor gym when my daughter was a baby . Took them down , linked them all together , threw them in a drawer and forgot about them when she outgrew the floor gym . She found them herself when she learned how to open drawers and now at 16 months she thinks they 're the best thing . She spends hours linking and unlinking them , throwing them around and trying to lassoo the cat with them . I was going to get her some of those big poppet beads but I 'm not going to bother now , these seem to serve roughly the same purpose and they were half the price . I guess the bright colors and fun textures help , and they make a really good noise when they hit a wood floor !
 Nothing else to say except I love them . We had 2 other brands and this one was the most colorful , and the soft rubbery parts on the oval shaped pieces were really nice for baby 's gums .
 This pacifier is so cute and could make anyone laugh . I bought it as a shower present for my niece , and there 's nothing like getting pictures emailed to you with a sweet baby using this bink . It 's a great little gag gift to include in a present for a new mom , especially if you tease the new mom about Twilight .
 Everyone found this so funny ! Great if you want to draw attention to your baby .
 This pacifier was the best part of my son 's Halloween costume . We got so many compliments on it . It is so much easier than putting a baby in a goofy costume they do n't want to be in .
 We 've had our Lil Vampire pacifier for a week now and my daughter loves it ! It was supposed to be for Halloween but I just could n't wait . After a week of being dropped from a highchair , being chewed on , slept with , thrown to the hard wood floor and stepped on , I can assure you that it is well made and durable as well as adorable , funny and slightly creepy -LRB- especially at 3AM -RRB- .
 This is my son 's favorite pacifier . He 's 17 months old . He loves it and we always get compliments on it .
 This pacifier is for a child over 6 months . It is my grandson 's favorite and I had to order multiples .
 Everyone looks twice when they see the pacifier and then laugh . It 's great if you want to draw attention . Anatomic , my two year old is still using it .
 I really like this seat but I ca n't figure out for the life of me why they designed it so the cup holder only goes on one side . I have 2 of these in different colors and only one of my kids can use a cup holder because the other one is against the door and ca n't be used . My husband said he might drill a hold in it for my son to be able to use his cup holder , but I do n't know if I want to mess with the structure of the car seat . I also HATE the pull strap to tighten the straps . I have another kind that has a twisty knob that is wonderful !
 After doing plenty of research about car seats I found this one to be the best buy.Installation was easy with the Lacht system and my 5 month baby fits great on it .
 I saw many negative reviews about instalations our with latch . And I would like to share my knowlegde with those who are struggling . That will be helpful for any carseat . I install face forward . In order to get your carseat tight , you must put one knee on the seat , with a help of elbow push down head part of the carseat and pull latch tight . You will be suprise how sturdy it will hold . I fould it out watching oficcial FAA video how to install carseat on a plane and tried it in a car . Before I was dissapointed with that seat and thought that latch does not hold seat on place . But when i tried trick mentioned above - carseat became a solid part of the car . 4 stars because it really does not recline enough ! But othewise I think it is a good seat . Oh , yes . If using on a plane unscrew hand rest and leave at home .
 After reading tons of reviews I purchased this chair and I think is excellent the price is reasonable , the materials are soft and sturdy I totally recommend it .
 I put my son in this car seat at 4 months and he did perfectly . It reclined fine in my Pontiac Vibe and we had no trouble with it .
 Well , I have owned four of these car seats for both of my children and I could n't be happier . I think a LOT of the bad reviews come from lack of knowledge of how to properly use the product -LSB- straps too tight and pinch -LRB- but they can be loosened very easily with the release button conveniently located in the front of the seat -RRB- ; does n't recline enough -LRB- again , the car seat needs a pool noodle or equivalent -RRB- , etc. . . -RSB- . These seats are comfortable , convenient , easy to adjust up and down -- WITHOUT TAKING THE SEAT OUT AND RETHREADING THE STRAPS !!! -- and safe as long as you know how to install a car seat properly -LRB- most people do n't though , sadly -RRB- . My daughter is 4 1/2 and still likes sitting in this and I do n't think she 'll have a problem with the seat when it turns into a booster.Don ' t be fooled by an expensive price tag ... most car seat failings have to do with being installed improperly -- not the type of seat . This is a GREAT seat .
 I liked the earlier version of this seat so I purchased this new one for our youngest . That makes four of these car seats in our two cars . I like that this new one has the removable head rest . I am glad they fixed that . I do n't know how wide other seats are , but with two in the backseat of a 4Runner there is no room for another person or another car seat to fit . If we have another kid we will have to move into a minivan . Also with two there is no way to put the cup holder on the seat next to the door since they are right next to each other . We do n't use it anyway , but if you wanted to . Everything is easily adjustable
 I purchased this car seat in 2006 for our then 5 year old . She is very petite , so even though she was 5 , she was n't big enough for a booster seat . We loved , loved , loved this seat . It was very comfortable and fit into our SUV wonderfully using the tether or the seat belt . Now , almost 3 years and a set of twins later , we are using it as a high back booster seat . It is great because it gives her more height that the regular booster seats . The only problem I forsee is that our 1 year old twins are ready to come out of their rear facing infant carriers and into forward facing seats . The base of this seat is kind of wide and although it fits fine next to the infant carriers , I do n't know how three in a row will work . I 'm not ready to move my almost 7 year old to the third row of our vehicle , so we 'll have to see.Also , the cover is very easy to take off and put back on for washing .
 We 've had this car seat since our daughter was four months old-she 's now 27 mo old-and it has been well worth the money.When the car seat was rear-facing , it was a tiny bit of a pain since the seat is quite high but , now that we have turned the seat around , the height is not an issue.I 'm short and I know that our daughter will be short so she will have to sit in a booster of some sort for quite a while and I 'm confident that this seat will continue to hold up.We also have a five month old son who is 27 inches long and about to out grow his infant carrier . I know that we will purchase another of these seats for him.Bottom line
 The car seat I had registered for was out of stock , so a family friend selected this one . What a happy accident ! This car seat is wonderful . My son has been using it since he was 5 months old , and he is 3 now ! It 's super easy to use . And he says it 's comfortable . I love that you do n't have to take the whole thing out to adjust the straps . An excellent design !
 We are very pleased with this car seat . We began using it when our daughter turned 1 . She is very comfortable in the seat . However , the seat is very large and bulky and does n't work well in small cars . Also , it does n't recline back much so I ca n't see it working well for an infant . I gave it a good review based on the fact that we 've only used it as a toddler seat .
 My son is 10 months old , but i recieved the car seat last June , as a shower gift . At the time i was like mom y did u buy such a huge seat . I finally put it in the car last week and its going to b great . It has a lot of space , I think I may can sit in it :-RRB- It was much easier than i thought to attach to my seats in the car . Im a new mommy so if anyone reads this can u help me figure out the best neck pillow for my son , im afraid his neck is going to get stiff when he falls asleep !!! I think he needs the neck pillow like on the airplanes !
 I 've seen a lot of complaints about using this car seat for infants beause it does n't recline enough , but I 'm surprised more people do n't know that MANY car seats do n't recline enough on their own . It all depends on the incline of your vehicle seat , and many times you need a rolled up towel or pool noodle to help recline the baby 's car seat enough . My son outgrew the weight limit on his infant seat around 6 months old , and after a lot of research I replaced it with the Alpha Omega Elite . I 've used this seat for 6-7 months and I love it so much I 'm about to buy another one . The seat is bulky , especially rear-facing , and does n't leave much leg room for a passenger in my front seat , but I do n't mind that . It is comfortable , my son loves it -LRB- hated his Graco infant seat -RRB- , it 's easy to clean , and not too hard to get in and out of the car . What I love most is that at 14 months old , my son is 30 pounds but can still be rear facing in this seat . We were just in a fairly severe accident -LRB- rear-ended -RRB- , and the paramedic/car seat inspector said this seat held up great . He said we did n't need to replace it , but I 'm buying another one anyway .
 Do n't buy this item before you check out the other offering from Amazon through a seller called BabyAge , a company that has been selling things online since 1999 . Do a amazon search for `` Cosco Alpha Omega Elite 3-in-1 Car Seat '' it will come up for $ 89.99 + $ 7.95 shipping , considerably less . It is the same seat , and the description proclaims that it is similar in design to the Eddie Bauer seat . It also is the same seat that Babies ' R US is selling for $ 160.00 . Plus , you get Amazon 's great guarantee as well .
 This car seat has served us well through two toddlers . We bought it when my oldest daughter was 10 months old , but due to the difficulty in getting her in and out of it in the back of our 3 door Focus , we continued to use the infant carrier car seat until she was 12 months and then we fitted the Alpha Omega Elite in the forward facing position . The recline position was great , although sometimes a little `` clunky '' to get it to move , but she always looked really chilled and would sleep for hours on long journeys . We later removed the base and it is now serving as a high back booster for our youngest , which means we no longer have the recline position , but it is a lot less bulky and easier to move from car to car . I have cleaned the cover in the washing machine countless times , which is great , although the first time taking it to pieces to get the cover off , and then trying to put it back together again was a hilarious challenge ! I am now looking to get a replacement cover as the old one is very worn .
 Wow ! What a great car seat ! It has everything we wanted +
 I purchased this seat last week after much research and debate . I have a 1 year old who I am bumping out of her infant seat . I was torn between the Graco Safe Seat Step 2 and this Alpha Omega Elite . After comparing the 2 side by side in the store , the Graco seat was HUGE and had a wierd shape to it . I was n't sure how it would fit in my car , so I bought the Alpha . I brought it home and installed it rear facing . It fit well , was easy to install and my baby had no problems with her head flopping . This seat actually reclined more than her infant seat . And if the recline is not enough the instructions tell you how to put a rolled towel underneath . Most convertible seats do not have a recline feature at all ! I then turned the seat forward-facing . It was equally easy to install . It fits great in my Jeep SUV . My little girl has no problem sleeping in it seems really comfortable and safe . I was wondering how happy this purchase would make me , I am not dissappointed at all . Plus since this seat accomodates to 100 lbs , she can use it well into her childhood . I think this is one of the most versatile , safe , inepensive seats on the market today.I would recommend it .
 I bought this seat for my son when he outgrew the Evenflo Truimph -LRB- which I loved -RRB- . He was over 2 years old , so I do n't know about the infant issues other say they had . This has been a great seat for my toddler , who is about ready to use it as a booster now . It 's roomy enough for him to bring things in with him , easy to get him in and out of , and still looks good -LRB- a miracle in my van of boys -RRB- after a couple of years of use .
 Now if you read the instructions and learn from a police officer / fire station / car seat safety check person -LRB- even babies r us has them -RRB- how to install a seat then you will know how to correctly not only install this seat but many others even britax have some of the same installing issues . But once you know how to do it it 's easy.I spent 10 mins today installing mine in my mini van and had not done so in 1 1/2 yrs or more time and just got this van too had a ford focus before . Now I did not go over the instructions before hand because I know how to do this thing in my sleep . So I jumped in and in less then 10 mins from start to finish , with child in the finished installed seat I was all done with seat belt , latch and 5 point harness straps -LRB- adjusted -RRB- I was done.This is a VERY safe seat and very heavy duty . You can in fact also clean it 100 % like new easier then other seats on the market . It is a very comfortable seat for a baby to a preschooler . It can be used until 40 lbs for chunky or tall children alike this is true.I also used this seat from 2-3 months post birth -LRB- child was out growing infant seat in height -RRB- until 3 yrs old . But could have continued to use it until the child is out of seat as we are now . It says height maxBack then we got a different one as we wanted something light weight for day care / school and are now in kinder so we can just drop off and pick up and use the better seat again with ease . My child is about 3 ' 5 '' at least and 34 lbs and big belly and long legs and arms . She fits great and has plenty of room in the harness . She wears 5 t length and size 10 shoe with size 5 tops to get an idea and is 5 yrs old . She is also special needs and has a gtube and we personally love this seat for her since the beginning . But it 's to hard to lug this thing around we did once on air plane to and from NY and after that is when we got a evenflo 5 pt booster seat which is good for a back up or day care but NOT every day driving esp highways ! I would never trust it in a crash test at high speeds vs a more bulky model . This seat how ever I know my child is safe in . I also own a britax a friend gave me for my other child its a round about and honestly it 's just as safe as this seat and just as well built . It 's almost the same thing just styled different and I think this one has more options as arm rest / cup holder / booster and so on for WAY less money and its just as safe as the more $ $ $ models out there.I have cleaned every nook and cranny of this thing and made it shine like new at least 4 times in 5 yrs . This bad boy still yes has some stains on the fabric it 's not black it will stain esp with food or drinks from a child or accidents . But hey it all comes off from washing by hand / gentle cycle and air drying . I have taken every part apart to from the bottom to the top and you normally can not do this being a house wife with most other seats and be able to put it all back together after so easy.If the harness 5 point straps are n't fitting right sounds like you need to check our your seat and find the snag in the under part where it reclines or the back by the latch parts and fix where it 's snagged or maybe you have it in recline which is made really for rear facing and when it 's forward I noticed you need more slack and to get this you need to un-recline it as to get that like 2 extra inches on each side of harness.Straps on all seats can twist but with this one I can easily untwist them and fix things like the clips being backwords facing easy due to the material the straps are made of . I can also fix it almost perfectly with out trying that hard . I also know most car seats to adjust height you need to manually feed the straps to do so . With this seat you do not ! Which is partially why the straps can become tangled as I said above you must check all the straps with seat out of car on a table is best to ensure no twisting or tang-lining has occurred and no snags . What I do is take child out of seat tighten straps and fix them if needed and then loosen slowly and ensure no twisting and place child back in seat but this hardly happens with mine . I also love you can place a different child in the child and adjust it with the new child in it height and strap wise with ease.To remove base you will need two people to do so and in doing so it 's quick and easy . This is so use it with out recline for air plane and we did this no tools at the airport . You can also clean the bottom this way too if trying to clean it well.Ok for fitting in cars or vans . You need to make sure you do not attempt to install a large car seat like this one and other models that convert as they will not fit well in a compact car unless forward facing only . If using rear facing you need a sedan or larger car or van . It will fit rear facing with latch installed in a ford contour or rear of a truck if it 's one with the large extended cab , a van , Yukon or expedition and so on . It will not fit in a ford focus , reg . truck 's rear or ford explorer and so on in rear facing just forward facing and not much leg room for child . So the bigger the car seat the bigger the car needs to be.I also say screw driver flat head is idea for full cleaning to get things like the head rest out for example you will need to use one . I also say you should always use a latch system properly with any car seat when possible and it 's safest in case of an accident . You never know whats going to happen and what other bad drivers may cause to happen to you or your family on the road .
 My 9 month old weighs 24lbs so it was time for a new car seat . I found this one and decided , after reading reviews and comparing it to other convertible car seats , that this was the one for us . What made this even more special was that it shipped to my APO address ! I received it 6 business days after ordering it . After struggling for 20 min to install it rear facing in my 2 door Honda , I decided to give it a test run with my son . I popped him in there and he LOVED IT ! It was the first time he did n't struggle or cry while I put him in his seat . He sits up high so he can actually look out the windows . His feet do n't reach the back seat either . I only had to drive around for 10 minutes when I realized that he was passed out back there and his head did NOT slump forward even though we were only in the 2nd recline position . Now , this has to be a great seat because my son Never and I mean never sleeps in his seat . The arm rests are great and the cup holder is good too . Ours clips on either side of the seat so I 'm not sure why another review posted differently.Overall , GREAT buy !!!! I will buy one again once we have another child . : D
 These are so cute . We went out and bought a set of brown curtains and a set of pink curtains to go with this . It goes great with the bedroom set .
 Very pleased with my purchase . I think they can compliment just about any little girl 's room with the variety of colors , which is why I finally chose this pattern . : -RRB-
 These valances were ordered for my 5 year old son 's room to match the army/camo theme he so desired . They look great and match the bedding we ordered from another manufacturer perfectly . They are quite thin and long but I ordered 2 to make it look fuller on his window . They are a great addition to his new room and well worth they cost !
 I only bought one to put over a small window in my son 's room . It looks pretty good .
 Love it ! Exactly what I wanted and it matches my shower curtain perfectly . Would recommend this item to anyone loving toile .
 I bought this to go with the matching bedspread and was very pleased with the quality of both . They make the room look so pretty-my granddaughters just love them !
 You totally need 2 of these to give a ruffled effect on a standard window . It is cute though , and completes the room if you have the bedding set as well .
 the valance material is a little thin , but still looks nice to top my window . if it was a curtain to keep light out , would n't work that great . But , I use them with blinds ...
 Great valance ! Goes great with Nautica Emma 's Bedding ! Looks great in my daughter 's `` big girl room '' !
 I 'd been decorating my daughter 's `` big girl room '' in bits and pieces , starting with a polka dot comforter that I loved . I had simple white valances up , but the room just was n't coming together . When I spotted these online , they seemed perfect , but you never really know until you see them in person . Thankfully , they did n't disappoint ! They are a nice weight , well made , and are full enough that I only needed one valance per window . Plus the colors really pull everything together . I would definitely order them again !
 They are good quality - I bought them too long and need to shorten them but they will work out well .
 This is very cute but it is not a true baby blue . It has more green in it than can be seen . It looks okay with traditional baby blue but not right next to baby blue .
 This is a cute curtain although it is an orange/pink rather than the pink it shows in the picture . My problem with it was that in the description it is supposed to be 84 inches long and it is only 55 inches long . Now I have to order a second one so that it will be long enough to cover my window . It does look nice in the window though .
 This item arrived as described , but I was surprised at how thin the fabric is . Since the photo is not taken in direct sunlight , it makes the fabric seem higher quality . The item still works well for my application , but if you are looking for a heavier or richer looking fabric , this might not be your best choice .
 The valances are white and crisp looking on the window . Easy to install but needs ironing to make them look good .
 I bought these for my nursery 2 years ago . They have held up nicely , the length/width was good as they fit my windows and still are able to pucker like they need too . They are absolutely perfect ! I strongly recommend them .
 These valances were ordered for my two year old daughters shabby chic bedroom . They are the perfect compliment to the rest of the decor . Soft floral pattern with delicate colors accent well with a multitude of different patterns and colors . The length of the valances are great ! Longer then most so I did n't have to buy several valances per window . One valance per window worked perfectly ! I had considered buying fabric and making my own window treatments , but the price on these valances is so reasonable that it just was n't economical to do my own . Ultimately these were a wonderful addition to the room and I could n't be happier . The price is great as is the quality . Plus , the design is really quite versatile . These are a winner in my opinion !
 I bought these curtains for my daughter 's room . At first I was n't sure if I liked them , then after they were put up , I thought they were the perfect touch to the room . Good buy *
 a great feature for the top of my daughters window along with the longer window shadses . it matches everything in her room and the brown is a chocolate brown . it looks great and helps with the sunlight in the early morningings .
 Nicw quality . The brown is a light brown though . It looked darker in the picture .
 The product was just what I expected , and turned out great at my new baby nursery , matching perfectly his `` Twinkle Little Star '' theme room ! We loved it , and the price was also great !
 This model is a very practical and functional carseat . We were a bit worried about the colour would be too dull , now actually feeling satisfied for its very classy colour and high quality fabric ! We 're pretty sure that this is better than lots expensive others . Would recommed it to our friends .
 I love this car seat . I have had this car seat since 2005 . I used it in airplanes and in cars with and without the base with much success . I like it because it is a little wider than other car seats and I do n't feel like my baby is being swallowed by the seat.The only things I did n't like with this car seat was the shoulder pads -LRB- they looked too large around my baby 's head -RRB- , but I took them off and can fit my three week old in snugly.One reviewer stated that the seat was difficult to remove from the base . I have found that it is no more difficult than my other friends ' infant car seats . Another reviewer stated that the cover was turning to dust . I did not find this to happen , although the cover , after more than several washings , has very mild pilling , but again , this happens to many car seats that I have seen.I think that this is a great deal for your money . I am so sad that I ca n't purchase this car seat now for so little . I 'd recommend this to any of my expectant friends .
 This carseart is soooooo much more comfortable for baby than the other carseats in the stores . I saw so many good reviews on the snugride , but when I went to look at it in the store , there was no foam padding on the seat area ... only on the back , which was thin . This carseat has foam padding from head to toe , and it is built for comfort.It fits fine in my honda accord , it adjust up and down easily . The straps adust easily and you can use it without the base -LRB- I definitely wanted that for traveling -RRB- Getting the seat in and out of the base is very easy once you learn the trick . If you just pull straight up , it will never come out -LRB- the hooks on the bottom will not allow that -RRB- . So , to get it out , you pull back and up and it slides out easily.One reviewer wrote about the padding being disintegrated . This is actually partly true ... the padding that is attached to the fabric appears old and falls apart when touched , however ... the foam padding is completely great ... which is what gives the comfort anyway .
 I got this car seat as a baby shower gift and I really like it . It fits well in the middle of my car and I bought a mighty tighty to tighten the car seat down using the seatbelt in addition to the latch -LRB- ca n't be too careful with my little one -RRB- . It 's well made and fits my little one just right . It 's very comfortable and wider and longer than other car seats which means I can keep her in this seat until she is one without a worry . Because it was so new the latch to release the car seat from the base did n't slide so easily but I squirted just a little silicon spray -LRB- lubricate -RRB- on the latch and now it 's great !
 I LOOOOOOVE this car seat - sturdy , basic design -LRB- no cheesy baby patterns -RRB- the LATCH system keeps the seat firmly in place , plus - I got it 3 days after I ordered it ... couldnt be happier !!!!
 I bought this in combination with the Combi Jogging Stroller as a system . Overall , I like this `` travel system '' better than the Graco Snugride travel system I also own : PROS :1 . Slightly wider than other seats on the market , great for larger babies like mine who is 17 pounds at 12weeks .2 . The seat is longer than the average seat so my gigantor baby 's feet do n't hang over the edge . -LRB- There is a downside to this see cons -RRB- 3 . The seat belt system to get it into the car is by far superior to any other seat we have ever owned ; both LATCH and just using the regular seat belt -LRB- we have owned 2 Graco systems and an Evenflo in the past -RRB- 4 . The base has a compartment where you can store all your manuals and extra belts so nothing gets lost .5 . The 5 point harness is excellent .6 . The infant insert , belt pads , and internal belt system is excellent -LRB- nicely padded , a lot more cushy than any others I have seen or owned -RRB- . I like the locking mechanism on the harness much better than my Graco ... feels much more secure . The design for the harness lock eliminates the chance that only one side of the lock gets locked .7 . The basic grey color goes much nicer with my car 's interior than the frufy patterns out there there days -LRB- who is n't sick of blue and yellow ! -RRB- CONS :1 . It 's slightly bigger -LRB- longer/wider -RRB- so takes up a little more room in your average sedan than normal -LRB- which is comparable to the larger Evenflo system -RRB- If you have a smaller car check the measurements before buying .2 . The hood is slightly flimsy and snaps on with one snap on each side . One snap broke on mine -LRB- slipped out of the fabric -RRB- contacted Combi for hood replacement . HOWEVER it would be easily solved by adding a velcro piece on each side which I have done in the meantime .3 . The carseat is sometimes difficult to remove from the base . There seems to be no rhyme or reason as to why that is but it comes out eventually . HOWEVER , a car seat that is a little more difficult getting out of the base makes me feel more secure that it would n't accidentally dislodge in an accident.Overall , I give this 4.5 out of 5 ... but Amazon does n't let you give out half points ! LOL .
 *** update *** this carseat will eventually `` shed '' its foaming from under the cover ... it `` appears '' to be dust ... which is what the other reviewer mst be refering to ... the foam literally crumbles and starts seeping out in small particles that resemble dust . It got all over the baby and seat , we threw it out . *** This car seat is a no frills deal ! The one review states that it sat in Amazon warehouse for too long . I just got mine and it shipped directly from Combi in a Combi box and the carseat and base are wrapped in clear plastic wrap . There is no way dust could accumulate and it does not sit at Amazon.I understand the viewer that talks about the safety issues ... well there is not much to choose from . Unfortunatly we can not use `` safe '' infant car seats as they do in other countries becuase we crash test cars with no floor bottom in the vehicle . Therefore the Goverment will not approve the `` safe '' ones . Even the Britax infant seat that is manufactured in the US is not considered safe by our goverment . So there is no way to test the models that have an extra floor weight . As far as the suggestion to using a seatbealt OVER a latch ? I would not reccomend that . That is just one of the many reasons infant seats are not safe . The round about -LRB- by Britax -RRB- is by far the safest on the market in the US , but its going to cost you ! ...
 This seat is well made and of good quality . I have n't had any trouble getting it in and out of the car . The ` expert ' checker at the hospital was impressed with it . I have n't had to wash anything yet so I ca n't comment on the durability of the fabric . My husband has some trouble with fitting it to the pushchair -LRB- stroller -RRB- but I have n't and think he is just being ` cack-handed ' ! My only complaint is the sheer weight of it . I have a back problem and can not go beyond lifting it in and out of the car now that my son is four months old . It also seems to keep him very warm and if the child is correctly strapped in seems to be very safe and secure indeed . I too would give it 4.5 out of 5 if that were possible . My problem with it is exactly that , my specific back problem and not a general one . Very good value for money and a product I would happily recommend .
 Overall this was a great car seat for the money.Pros :1 -RRB- Very lightweight2 -RRB- Base is very easy to install -- it includes a locking clip which is very handy for easy installs3 -RRB- Very padded and seems comfy for the baby4 -RRB- Nice tall shell , which meant longer life for us . My friend 's baby outgrew the Graco Snugride at 4 months by height , but can still fit in the Tyro at 7 months.Cons :1 -RRB- Although the car seat is quite narrow , the blue stroller attachments stick out very far and make it hard to fit next to another car seat2 -RRB- Can be tricky to get unlatched from the base .3 -RRB- I ordered this in February 2007 , but the DOM -LRB- date of manufacture -RRB- was April 2005 . Car seats expire after 6 years , so if you 're planning on using it on more than one child you should keep that in mind .
 This is a wonderful set for a porta-crib . Not many options for these types of cribs but this set is colorful and solid . NOT cheaply made at all . PLUS it works with the regular sized Zanzibar mobile -LRB- the one used on full-sized cribs -RRB- on the porta-cribs . I have the mobile on my porta crib and it looks awesome.Love it .
 This item was purchase to use in a portacrib for my new granddaughter when she visits . and it was absolutely perfect . Color , quality and usablity .
 Absolutely darling quilt set for the portacrib . Fast , efficient delivery . Ca n't wait for my new granddaughter to try it out !
 This is a very user friendly car seat . Materials appear to be durable . Belts get tangled up less than most seats I 've seen . Would prefer a better selection of colors ... but for the price , who can complain . I recommend this item .
 I bought this as a second seat for my husband 's car -LRB- Elantra -RRB- , but we 've since bought one for grandma & grandpa 's car -LRB- Altima -RRB- as well . Our 16 month old seems to be comfortable in this seat . FYI
 We purchased this carseat as a `` spare '' to have in our second vehicle . It is a great choice to use occasionally ; I feel it offers more support than a booster without a back .
 This was the second time we purchased this same product ... it is a great deal for the price . Our son is very comfortable and the product holds up over time-easy to clean .
 Purchased for a 5 year old grand daughter who was visiting . Worked fine in the backseat of my van for a three day road trip with grand-daughter and family . This way we did n't have to drag her own car seat on the plane from the west coast .
 I hav n't used this seat for too long but certainly have not had any problems so far . Bought one for each grandparents ' house for my 2 year old to use while visiting . He seems to like it just the same as the Britax we use at home ... although I can clearly see the difference . But for this price I couldnt really ask for more
 Love this car seat.Fits my girl very well and the 5 point savety belt with the clip over her chest prevents her from falling forward when she falls a sleep during long drives .
 I bought this for my granddaughter in Indiana and her parents said when she sat it in for the first time she said `` I am proud of my new car seat mommy ! '' So I will have to say this was a success .
 Our daughter recently outgrew her infant car seat , so we needed to buy a couple of new ones . I got an extra fancy pink one for my car lol , but dad wanted something a little less girly . We found this one on sale at Amazon and it had good ratings so I figured what the heck . The reviews were right , it 's one great little seat ! No complaints here , our daughter uses the cup holder , has fallen asleep in it with no problems , the padding seems adequate . Do n't let the price disuade you from buying it . It 's not the prettiest car seat around but it 's not ugly , and it wo n't break the bank either !
 I bought this car seat so that I would n't have to bring my own car seat when flying to my parents . It suited my 18 month old well -LRB- and he is on the small side -RRB- . It could use a little more cushion but it 's a good price for an extra car seat at grandma 's !
 I love this car seat . I 've used it for my twins who are 18 months old as well as for my 4 year old . It is a little hard to latch in , but I do n't move the car seats to another car so it is fine with me . They are very secure , easy to get the kids in and out of and have plenty of room for the kids to grow .
 It 's not as padded as some car seats we 've owned , but it does the job , and it 's very reasonably priced .
 I found only one item that some buyers might not like
 We bought the first one last year and a second one this year so one in parent 's car and one in grandparent 's car . Brought them back to UK with us as we ca n't get any quite like this here . Really good product .
 For the price this is the best booster seat I have ever seen . We looked at numerous before we purchased two of these as secondary seats to be used for traveling -LRB- airplane and rental car -RRB- . We were skeptical because of the price but have not been disappointed at all . Good quality . Lightweight to transport . Solidly built . Still confortable with good padding . Most important - provides full 5-point harness protection up through greater weights which allows long-term safety as the kids grow too . Child safety is paramount and we were not disappointed with the quality of this product compared to many other products in this price range . Very comparable to mid price range -LRB- $ 100 - $ 200 -RRB- products we looked at . However - we do not use these seats for our primary seats - there are better built seats that provide greater protection and comfort - although at three times the price . If you are looking for a secondary seat or are in need of reasonable cost without sacrificing safety then I fully recommend this product .
 As a grandmother , I wanted a car seat that could be moved from mom 's car into mine without too much of a hassle . So far , this seat works well for that . Also easy to snap baby in .
 We purchased this highly rated car seat for our Godchild who I often keep while his mother works . He loves it and will frequently go to our car instead of theirs when we 're at the same house . It was under $ 50 but we did n't sacrifice safety for price as we checked on its rating both on the Amazon site and other places . If I had one complaint it would be that the cup holder that is supposed to attach to the seat is not very well designed or fitted and will not stay where you put it . It 's virtually useless ; however , we have a cup -LRB- sippy -RRB- holder for the backseat of our car which works just as well .
 I was looking online to find a used car seat for our second car and found this new one for a similar price . It 's a great seat and I found it as easy as any other to install .
 I bought this for my granddaughter in my car , she is 8 months old and outgrew the infant seat , easy to put her in it and the plastic clasps make it so I can put her in immediately , metal clasps would burn her in the Florida heat . Very happy with this product .
 Do n't waste your money on the more expensive seats . Once you transition from the infant seat -LRB- at around 8 to 9 months -RRB- this is the perfect choice . It has the 5 point harness system and then eventually moves up to being just a booster seat for when they get older . The price is great and the padding is decent . It seems to be holding up well with my active one year old . The color is great for boys and it also has a cup holder which is very convenient . Good value for your money .
 So far we have been quite pleased with this purchase . It was relatively easy to install . Loosening and tightening of the straps is simple . The cup holder is a nice touch . We look forward to the flexibility that this seat provides as our child continues to grow .
 This is my first time to shop on amazon.com , I moved to Asia for years from CA , USA.Not only the transaction very clear and fast , also the amazon.com products ' indormation , spec. , links and money save , all satisfied my tough engineer 's requirement . I like this shopping experience , and next time , whatever my wife want to buy , I will suggest her to check amazon.com first . :-RRB- -RRB-
 I got this car seat as one to leave at my sisters house for our visits since we live in Hawaii and since the cost for extra baggage now is about the same as buying another one this will save us money and headaches . This is a good car seat for the right price . I highly recommend .
 This was the best price available for this multifunctional carseat . We expect it should last for the next 5-6 years or more . We highly recommend this for anyone who wants to keep a child safely restrained .
 This seat was bought to be the last car seat that we will need to use.Our son is particularly tall and light for his age , so we needed a seat that accommodated both his height at his shoulders and his weight.This seat provided the basics and is well constructed . That being the case , the only thing that we feel is missing is the extra padding on the strap that the top of the line seats come with.The seats are functional and very attractive .
 After shopping at a couple of stores and not finding two of the same seats in stock , I purchased two of these to replace car seats that were just too old . They are n't plush but they work nicely and are easy to install . For the price , they are great -LRB- and I did n't have to drive to the store to get them -RRB- .
 Pros
 This car seat is practical . I watch children out of my home and occasionally have to pick up my older daughter at school , at which time all the children must be loaded in the car . My personal favorite is a Britax but they are too expensive to purchase 4 or 5 to have in my car , therefore this works great for the occasional car ride .
 This booster car seat was just what we were looking for ! It was easy to install -LRB- we did n't find it any more difficult than other car seats -RRB- . It 's easy for our 3 year old to climb into by herself , which has proven to be very convenient & quite a help when we 're rushing out the door . We 're still using the harness , which she can buckle the chest clasp by herself but is n't strong enough for the other latch.Especially for the unbeatable price , we are very happy with our purchase !
 it 's a good seat . granted there are better ones . this one does n't stay put but i 'm not paying $ 300 for a carseat that will last one year if i 'm lucky
 good for the price , nice color , , big and tall seat , fast and free shipping .
 My son love this car seat . It 's comfortable and not too big . Would buy again . Great product .
 This seat is as described and a good value for the money . It 's not the most COMFORTABLE seat in the world when compared to the previous one our 2 year old was in . However , she 's never complained . I think it 's fine . I am not sure why people complain about the straps ; they are just like they are in every other car seat .
 This is a great product . Easy to install and take in and out of the vehicle . I would have no problem purchasing this item again and highly recommend this car seat . My 3 year old Grandson loves the car seat , how much better of a recommendation can you get ?
 this product is good , have n't had any concern or problem with yet.latching it to the car is alright since my car is decent one /
 The car seat is very roomy for a growing child and was easy to install . She seems to be very comfortable in it for the short distances that I usually take her . It was a great price and was delivered faster than I expected .
 This is not a very pricey car seat but I think it 's just fine . We have bought more expensive and presumeably safer cars seats , but with twins and the need to have 4 seats , I got this one because it was lightweight and could be used more for in and out of my husband 's car and family members that might take the babies . God forbid we should ever be in an accident and have to really test them out , but they seem safe and sturdy enough for older babies .
 This is inexpensive but well made product , sits well on the backseat of my car , and my kid seems happy in it .
 excellent product ! Needed for trip to inlaws in Florida -- worked great , easy to install , great quality -- fair price
 I was thrilled with this high backed booster by Cosco . It was simple to install , very comfortable for my child , safe and seems to take up less room , width-wise than our old seat . My daughter loves this seat . I would recommend it to anyone , especially for the cost of it !
 This is a solid seat that will fit well in most compact cars.I ended up sending this back due to the fact that while the product description says it is for 22lbs and up , the box adds a minimum height requirement -LRB- 36 inches -RRB- that I did not see on Amazon . Quite possibly it 's listed somewhere and I missed the line . Just something to be aware of .
 The top clip is not difficult for me to use but my daughter has n't figured it out yet - which is the way I want it . I 've also used it as a booster and I was satisfied with the way the buckle looped through and stayed in place . I also like the strap on the bottom that allows me to add a little slack or tighten it a little . I think that 's a really important feature - especially in this season when my kid may be wearing a jacket one day and none the next and also if you use the car seat for different kids that are similar but not exactly the same size . I have another car seat without that and I find that sometimes I ca n't get it closed because it 's too tight and sometimes there 's too much slack .
 I bought this seat to bridge the gap between baby seat and booster seat for my 17mos old boy . He 's 24 lbs and 32 '' and the fit is fine . No issues with the harness system or the installation . It 's not the most stylish seat , but for that price who really cares . Seems comfy , easily adjustable and has a cup holder . The boy likes it better than his Eddie Bauer baby seat that cost 3 times as much .
 We 've had this carseat for a few months now . We bought it to go in my husband 's car so we would n't be doing the `` change the carseat all the time '' thing . Also , because her main carseat in our Odyssey is the Britax Boulevard , which is NOT a carseat to be lugging from one car the the other . Sometimes I ride with friends when we go out and I always use this seat , because it 's easier to move and install . This seat does what it 's supposed to do when it needs to be used -LRB- which is only a few times a month -RRB- . My hubby 's car is a Ford Escort wagon and it 's perfect because the seat is not so big . The Britax would NEVER fit into the Escort ! The Escort is a '98 so it does n't have the LATCH system , but I did n't find it hard at all to get this carseat installed with the seat belt . I did it by myself and got a really tight fit -LRB- it barely moved -RRB- . I was very pleased with that because when it comes to installing my daughter 's carseat I 'm fanatical about it being done correctly . I only gave it four stars because of a few things
 I love the 5 point harness . My daughter needed to get out of the car seat but still need more than a seat belt . This seat was easy to install and we love it .
 We have been looking for a front-facing car seat for our son , who turned 1 year last month . Looked around and I should honestly say that I did not find much choice -LRB- Targets , Walmarts , BabaysRUs and Amazon etc -RRB- . Bought this , going by the positive reviews . Doesnt seem to be a bad choice , has a nice fluffy padding -LRB- suggested by our friends that we should go with one which is comfortable for the little bottom -RRB- . Installation was easy with the LATCH in our Odyssey . The tightening of the belt around the latches was a bit hard though . The top anchor held the seat tight in place . Like another reviewer said , the box says the seat is for 22 to 80 pounds and 32 to 54 inches children . But our son , who is 26 inches fits in fine in the seat . I especially liked the front lever , which lets you loosen the 5-point harness belt before placing the child in the seat and once seated , lets you tighten the belt to suit his body/clothing on the given day . Overall , satisfied with the purchase .
 I just love the Cosco High Back Booster . This is the third Cosco High Back Booster seat that I have bought . I used it for both of my daughters and was happy when I found it 6 years later for my son . The straps are very easy to adjust and this feature comes in handy for a perfect fit no matter what my son has on . I also love the cup holder and my son looks so cute and comfortable sitting in it . Thanks for such a great product !
 We bought this for our first child to use when our second child needs our convertible car seat . The older one is 19 months old and about 35 inches tall . He already needs the harness straps to be in the highest position available . For this reason , I 'm a little concerned that he 'll have to go to the belt-positioning mode before we 're really ready to have him out of the five-point harness . -LRB- Straps are to be at or above child 's shoulders . -RRB- This is what the instruction manual says :5 - point harness
 We brought this seat for the daughter when she out grew her infant seat . I think we paid about $ 35.00 at wal mart for it . It lasted her two years and then we used it with oru son for a year until the plastic on the seat -LRB- where you hook up the harness broke . It is also easy to clean . Alothough taking off the cover can be a little tricky .
 I am by no means a brand snob , so when I wanted to get a second seat for my daughter to use when she 's at her grandma 's house , I turned to this one . It was the most inexpensive seat I found that still had everything I wanted . It is easy to get in and out , which is perfect because the grandparents can use it in whichever car they want . Its not quite as comfy as the one we got for my car -LRB- an evenflo -RRB- , but since we do n't use it on long distances , it works out fine . I found this on sale at Target for $ 30 , and I 'm glad I did n't spend any more for a second seat . This one works just perfectly !
 We just ordered our 2nd Cosco carseat for Grandma 's car . It is easy to install , easy to use , and very affordable for those on a budget !
 we bought this car seat from amazon for perfect price 43 bucks , it really worth it , easy to install , wonderful colour darker than the photo , nice pad , very comfortable.i saw one like this one in walmart for same price but this one darker than the one in walmat and has more pads . i really like it.recomended it to a friend .
 We got this soon after our first grew out of the regular toddler seat . I found this easy to use and buckle . We love it . It easily converted to a booster seat too .
 This is a good Product . This is my secondary car seat for my daughter who is 18 months old . Good Product for the money I paid . The build quality is good and it 's comfortable .
 This is a car seat that my daughter loves . She especially likes the cup holder ... I give it 4 stars b/c I keep knocking the cup holder off ... maybe that is just me . But it 's a great seat esp for the price !
 For the price , this car seat is great . Seem similar products for double the price . Quality is also great .
 I now have two of these seats and they work great ! People who say that they are hard to install just are not smart enough to do it ! It is very easy to install and the seat is very secure if done correctly ! My grandchildren enjoy riding in this seat and they are safe !
 I bought this car seat as a backup one in my other car . This is a good buy for this price . If it can put more cushion in the back and seat it 'll be perfect .
 car seat was very reasonably priced . . arrived before expected date . . it is exactly what we needed for our grandson .
 This seat is pretty nice all around - it rated high by Consumer Reports -LRB- after a recall defect was eliminated in later models -RRB- , we love the reclining features , and my son seems very comfortable in it . A friend has the Britax version , and feels it is a little too narrow for her baby , and it does n't have the recline.We were frustrated at first with the buckle , which seemed unnecessarily challenging to clasp , but we 're used to it now , and I have n't given it a thought in months - just took some adjusting.My biggest complaint is the cover . It says it 's machine washable , but the integrated foam started disintigrating with the first wash , which was on gentle cold and no dryer . Every time my son messes up the seat , the cover falls apart a little more . Certainly not a safety concern , but it is very functionally limiting .
 We bought the Combi Avatar seat as a second step for our son after he outgrew the carrier type infant seat . We have been very pleased . The seat is well cushioned and the straps easily adjustable . The seat fits into our Honda CR-V -LRB- a mini-SUV -RRB- without problem . We do not have the `` latch '' system , so I can not comment on that . The conversion from rear to front facing is simple . Like all car seats it is important to read the instructions when installing . It is not intuitive . The seat rotates on its base to provide the appropriate angle . A great feature that I was looking for is that the seat has three recline positions and very easily adjusts , even with the child in the seat . Although too big to be carried in the seat , our baby is still a baby . He can sleep comfortably or sit up and look around . My only complaint would be that the straps twist . I attribute that to user error , and it is an easy problem to untwist . I recently saw the same seat in a store for $ 200 .
 My daughter outgrew her initial car seat very quickly . I needed something that would support a baby -LRB- rear facing seat -RRB- but could also be used by a toddler -LRB- forward facing seat -RRB- when the time came . This seat met my needs . It was easy to install and I loved the fact that it could transition from a rear facing seat to a forward facing seat .
 I love this seat . I returned the Alpha Omega Elite for this one . It is super cushy and comfy , comparable to a Britax . It reclines while the baby is in it , so if he falls asleep , I just reach around and lay him back a little without disturbing him . The Baby Bargains book gave this one an A - too . The only thing that takes some time to get used to is the belt fastener . You must hold the two pieces together as you insert it into the latch . But I definately would not pay $ 100 more for a Britax , this seat has it all !
 I would n't have even tried this carseat , but I had a giftcard and was able to get it for 39.98 with free shipping and handling . That being said , I was totally surprised with the quality of the seat . My son , at 4 1/2 months , weighs a solid 18 lbs and his infant seat does n't adjust any farther to accomodate him . He 's not a fat baby , but his weight and height make him look more like a 7-8 month old and I would n't expect to see a baby that age in an infant seat . I would have like to have purchased a Britax or Recaro but did n't have the funds at the time , and needed something right away for Evan to ride in . This seat is heavy duty , large but still fits in my tiny little car , easy to adjust and install , has a removable/washable cover , and is a great buy since it is convertible three ways . Plus it has a cupholder that clips onto BOTH sides , unlike some other carseats I 've seen!The only downsides I can think of are 1 -RRB- the black material is heavy and kind of ` felty ' and I can imagine it would get warm in the summer , and 2 -RRB- it does n't have a lot of padding in the seat area , which is fine for older kids who will use it as a booster but I would have liked a little more for Evan at this stage . If you are a little leery about buying a convertible seat this inexpensive , do n't sweat it , because this really is a great buy .
 No compaints at all after a few months of use . I definitely recommend this product ... but look elsewhere . Amazon 's price - $ 79 . Walmart 's price - $ 39 . Same product .
 First , Amazon is wrong . This seat is NOT APROVED for over 40 lbs . DO NOT USE AFTER 40 lbs.That said , we use this frequently as a second seat and it is pretty easy to use , fits my 2 yr old son well , and the price is great . There is n't a lot of padding , so I would n't use it daily ; however , my son has never complained about it . My only complaint would be that the straps twist easily , so you have to fix them nearly every time .
 I like this seat so far . I wanted an affordable seat for my 3 yr . old son and I wanted one with a cup holder -LRB- because his big brother 's booster seat has one -RRB- . The seat seems comfortable and is belts are fairly easy to latch and unlatch . I sometimes have trouble with the release between his legs , probably from trying to do everything with one hand while holding something else in other hand ! Easy to adjust strap length ... My only complaint is the cup holder , it 's junk and wo n't stay attached to the seat . I read and re-read the directions but I ca n't get it to stay on .
 This is wonderful and easy to use product . I 'm very happy with this purchase and have recommended to several other parents . I was skeptical at first because of the price , but it 's sturdy light weight and easy to adjust , and that comes with this product along with a piece of mind that your kid is properly secured .
 This is a very good car seat at an amazing price . Yes , there is not a lot of padding , it looks just ok , and the cup holder is kind of crap , but it performed very well in crash tests and is nimble enough that it fits in most cars -LRB- without the cup holders , we have fit three across the back seat in our Volvo -RRB- . And as for the padding , my little girls have never complained even on longer trips -LRB- we shifted to this when they outgrew the infant seats some time after 1-years old -RRB- . And the price is hard to beat if you check other sites -LRB- around $ 50 -RRB- .
 I also was wary about buying such an inexpensive carseat . But sinceI have twins and needed 2 the price appealed to me . This is not my first experience with carseats my oldest child of course had the most expensive Britax roundabout cow print seat which I loved , but it just was n't an option for me with a price tag close to $ 300.00 . I bought these on clearance @ Target for $ 39.98 ! Yes the look is pretty blah , and there is n't a lot of padding , and the straps do twist . But overall I love these seats I have no problem getting the babies in & out and maybe more importantly we had no problem installing them correctly in our Mazda MPV which we did have problems with other more pricey seats .
 I have n't even taken this out of the box yet but I got it at target for $ 50 ! This item is definitely overpriced .
 Finally , a blanket that allows your baby to be safely strapped into his stroller or car seat ! Also great for walking the little one around the yard when you 're trying to get him to sleep , without the fuss of trying to peel a regular jacket off a sleeping baby -LRB- risking waking him or her up -RRB- . A newborn or smaller baby would swim in this blanket -LRB- it 's not fitted at all -RRB- but for larger or older babies it 's great , with room to grow.The flap behind the head is just that
 From reading the reviews I knew I was n't getting the item pictured , I received one of these cups : Playtex-Disney-Princess-Insulator-PackI was very pleased because I love these , I have never had problems with them leaking .
 I love the cup . It does n't leak or spill & it 's easy to clean and use . My only complaint is that it 's not what is pictured . However , it still has cinderella on it & my daughter loves it ... so no harm done . But if you 're buying this cup for something specific -LRB- say color or picture -RRB- ... you might want to look elsewhere .
 I saw this cup at the store and thought I 'd try it for my 24-month old daughter who loves the Disney princesses . She 's been using the Nuby cups with soft spot for a while now and really loves them but I had read that the soft spout is essentially similar in use as a bottle and may harm teeth in the long run . I liked the way the cup looked and particularly that it was insulated.As soon as I presented it to my daughter it was an instant hit . She likes drinking out of it and the cup really does n't leak which is a huge plus with a toddler who throws her cup around everywhere .
 The Playtex insulator cups are our favorite sippy cups by far , and we have tried many different cups . The no spill valves work well and store inside the lid . The insulating feature does not keep stuff cold for a long time but it is still WELL worth the extra money because it pretty much eliminates condensation which we all know is a real pain in the diaper bag , on furniture , etc. . Some no spill cups require so much sucking power to actually get anything out of them that your kid looks like he 's going to burst a blood vessel trying to drink his apple juice . Happily , that is not the case with these . They do require a bit of suck power but not so much that my kids find them frustrating and no spills makes for one very happy Mommy .
 I LOVE my Brest Friend pillow ! Get this pillow for two reasons
 best sippy cup . easy for my toddler to hold with easy , durable drinking spout . does n't leak . -LRB- it 's nice that the lid is one solid piece . easy to clean & my toddler is n't able to pull the spout off like some of the other brands that have a soft removable silicone spout , which could be disastrously messy -RRB-
 I like that this comes with a parent spoon for feeding & one for the baby to hold on to as they are apt to do in the beginning . The spoon is not too hard nor is it gummy like some others .
 Honestly , I only bought this for the modeling dough to make the imprint on my baby 's foot . The tin is pretty cheap , but it works to store the imprint until I can find the time to put it in a frame on the wall .
 This item is adorable ... very simple to put together and my son adores it.Holds many books ... i was even shocked at how much weight this thing will hold.Circus theme is adorable ... very cute item !
 I loved this umbrella . We were able to provide our baby with shade from the front and sides with the flexible stem . It has a clip for quick removal making it easy to tuck in a fold up stroller when putting it in the car . The only unfortunate complaint I have is the part that attaches it to the stroller is a little fragile . Ours broke but for the price I bought another one . It 's worth keeping the sun out of Babies eyes and preventing sunburn .
 it is not fancy but we used it on the stroller and a baby backpack and loved it . eventually it broke or we lost it and now we are about to buy another one for child # 2 . it 's only 10 bucks , what do you expect ?! it was VERY handy .
 5/29/08 - BPA Free - made of # 5 PolypropeleneI bought this straw cup to replace by Nuby -LRB- contain BPA -RRB- cups . They are easy to clean and put back together . I have had no problems with leaking - although there is a little splatter of what is in the top part of the straw when I close the lid . My son loves to look at these cups and they fit well in standard cup holders -LRB- other have not -RRB- . A great BPA free option for straw cup users !
 great buy . it looks nice and it works perfectly . easy to clean and assemble .
 I bought this a while ago for my 3 year old to make him feel like a `` big boy '' - just like his big brother - without giving me cause to worry about what he 's drinking and where ! It 's been a wonderful transition from sippy cups to open lid cups for him , specifically when he 's running around the house with liquids other than water.It comes apart easily and washes great in my dishwasher . I 've never had any issues with reassembling the cup either.I do wonder what it is that makes these leak sometimes . I have never had any troubles with it , but sent it with my son when he went to the grandparents and they had major leakage issues . Maybe it 's because I always screw the lid on with it in the closed position , so the liquid is n't drawn up the straw ? Not sure , I 'm not very good at science or physics , so I ca n't say what it is that I 'm doing `` right . '' Perhaps someone else can give a clue as to what is causing this cup to leak for some people ?
 I bought the Cosmo Ex Merlot Stroller really just for one purpose , that is to use in the airports and while traveling . I found it very light-weight and easy to carry around.These are the pluses : - Light-weight - Can be folded to compact size - Nice color and look - Can be reclinedMinuses - Feet tend to bump against the rear wheels - Canopy does not extend enough forward - Folding requires both hands -LRB- tough to do when holding baby -RRB- - Cushioning is not water-resistent - Basket is too small and tends to drag on the groundOverall , it 's a good stroller for traveling , and it came out alright after gate-checked after couple of trips.It 's perfect for the occasional travel and works well overall .
 This is good if it 's what you 're looking for . It 's on the small side and folds up small . It was the perfect height for me but if you 're taller than 5 ' 6 '' or so , it might be a little short for you . It serves the purpose I needed it for , which is , to have a small portable stroller for travel that was easy to use .
 I have had this stroller for over a year and I still love it . It is a great stroller to keep in the car and for travel . It is lightweight and compact . It is not a great stroller to use off good roads , but I stay on pavement when I use it . I have a jogging stroller that I use for my long fast walks . It does have a small basket under the seat that does n't hold much . I wish that were a little bigger . My child is a small 2 year old and still fits comfortably . The part that holds the back rest of the seat in place broke about a year ago , but the company sent me a new part with no problem . They were easy to work with and I have had no further problems .
 My husband is 6 ' 4 and I am 5 ' 3 and we are both able to push the stroller with no problem ! I love that I can fold up the stroller and strap it to my back and then just stick it in the trunk of the car . It is so lightweight but it is able to go ever bumps like a pro . I would recommend it for everyday use . I use it at the mall , to the park and just walking downtown . I love it so much !
 This toy box looks nicer than anything . Its not the most durable material but the details are well worth it .
 These coordinate with the bedding perfectly . The mother to be already had a set and had these made into pillows .
 The wall hangings matched the changing pad cover which added to the changing area design but I thought they were a little pricey .
 These wall hangings go great with the crib set that matches it , and make it really easy to add decorative touches to the room . We hung them three in a row tied in bows and hanging on a small nail .
 These match great . They add to the room . Cute with the stuffed animal holder .
 This is so cute and will look perfect on our baby girl 's wall once the nursery is finished -LRB- only 9 more weeks ! -RRB-
 Very cute hanging on the wall ! Looks great with the rest of the set . I recommend the entire set .
 I have n't had a chance to hang these up yet , but I 'll assume they 'll look just as cute as the picture . All coordinates to the bedding seemed reasonably priced . So I bought everything that matched . Before getting on Amazon , I could n't find any nursery stuff with dragonflies on it .
 I love these wall hangings . It adds a little extra to help bring the room together .
 I purchased this toy box for my twins for Christmas and can not wait to give it to them . I put it together and it 's more beautiful in person . I did need my husband to hold things as I put them together , but it was fairly easy otherwise . I like that the lid can not just slam shut and the quality of the wood . The only reason I gave it 4 rather than 5 stars is because 3 of the 4 wheels do n't glide very smoothly . Other than the wheel issue , I am satisfied with this toy box .
 This is an amazing gift for a Daddy to Be ! He will Love it . It was for my brother in law and he is a 1st time daddy . He wore it with pride and it was the hit of the shower !! Would recommend it to anyone looking for a gift for a man who has everything !!
 I bought this as a gag gift and the recipients LOVED it . We could n't stop laughing . The apron could really be used , it 's durable canvas like material . It 's not small but definitely would n't fit a big guy either . The price for the quality is a little high , but it was worth the laugh . A little splurge for a gift is okay in my opinion : -RRB-
 This gift is sure to get a lot of laughs at any baby shower . Lots of little goodies are included in the pockets , and you can add more of your own .
 Had no idea what to get a friend who became a first time dad . He thought it was the most hilarious thing . Great selection !
 My Daughter loves this Bag . She always uses it . I am glad I found it here on Amazon . I highly recemand this Bag . It is Great and a good size also . Glad I found it !
 Great product ... durable , nice , insulated and lightweight . Very happy with it , and would reccomend it , it can take a beating and is machine washable ...
 This is a very nice diaper bag . It is sturdy and has a decent amount of room . It 's not exactly like I hoped . The second pocket is very small ; it holds diapers and a travel wipe case . The other pocket is about normal size . The side pockets are nice and they hold a sippy cup very well . Overall good product for the money .
 I love this bag and have been using it just a couple weeks shy of a year . I put all my changing supplies in the small bag , so I can just grab that for short trips or I can leave the big bag with my hubby -LRB- or in the car -RRB- and just take the little one into the changing room . I can also squeeze in a bottle or some snacks too . I can fit a lot of stuff in the big bag and still have room -LRB- usually -RRB- to stuff the little one inside instead of clipping it to the outside . Three issues I have , that turned out to be minor -LRB- for me -RRB-
 Love this diaper bag-the only negative thing about it is that I tend to `` over fill '' my diaper bag , and when you do this , it makes it difficult for the magnet closure to work . But overall , it is great !
 This is the bag I ordered - not sure what is going on with amazon - the pictures under this listing are completely different . Anyway , it is a great little bag - makes a great gender neutral gift it is tan and light green . When my child was little I always found myself needing a small bag for quick errands or trips to the grocery store - there was sea of HUGE diaper bags but smaller ones were hard to find . This bag would have been perfect for my needs , I am giving this as a gift , I hope they like it . It comes with an included wipe case , has a large back pocket and smaller front pocket -LRB- where the wipe case was -RRB- it also looks like the strap may be adjustable . Only `` con '' I can find with this bag is the strong dye smell straight out of the box - with a little fabric spray or a washing on gentle cycle I think this could be easily remedied though .
 The bag itself is great . Lots of space , not too bulky . However I was very disappointed in the color . In the picture , the flap on the second , smaller bag appears to be silver and match the light blue color well . When I received it , the flap is actually a greenish , goldish , brownish color ... not attractive at all and definitely not a good combination with the light blue . I ended up turning the smaller bag around so you ca n't see the flap , but then of course it makes it more difficult to access . Functionally it is exactly what I was looking for but I wish it was more aesthetically pleasing .
 We actually purchased this bag to keep our dogs leashes , collars , treats , plastic baggies , a towel , water bowl and such in it . This is kept by the garage door or in our car -- that way we know where everything is and it 's ready to go . The small unattachable bag works great too . I use it to keep plastic baggies in it , my wallet , etc , when walking the dogs . : -RRB-
 I have bought this product to replace the old diaper bag of my daughter . I realized it was going to be a waste of money about the size it looks ... but it more bigger than seem on the web .
 I like the bag . It 's stylish , gender friendly , and easy on my shoulder ! I really like that when I take my son to daycare , he 's the only one with this bag ! My only complaint is that there is not much room when traveling . When on the road for an hour and a half , two hours , I need to pack extra things and just not too much room for those things . So , I end up taking my old bag .
 This bag was exactly what I was looking for ! It has just enough room so that it 's not too big or too small . I love the smaller bag that 's on the front , it 's so nice that it comes off . This bag is actually pretty light weight as well and the strap that goes over your shoulder is fairly comfortable . It has some smaller pockets on the inside which are nice . All around a great buy !
 If I had to say one bad thing about this bag it would be the bulkiness ... but what diaper bag isnt ?! Love the fact that it matches my Travel System and theres plenty of pockets !!
 Do you like your cool digital camera ??? Do you like all the accessories you bought for it ??? So do theives and the like . A camera bag sitting beside you is a crime of opportunity . A nasty looking diaper bag sitting next to you , is simply a nasty looking diaper bag sitting next to you ! I recommend that if you spill your morning coffee on the counter to set your bag on the spill and let it thoroughly dry before using . It takes on a whole new look !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Make no mistake , this bag is hard as nails .
 This is a good , sturdy small diaper bag good for quick trips or for older babies when you do n't need to carry so much stuff . It is pretty basic , a big interior with two wide pockets inside . Two wide pockets outside too . There is no pocket for a bottle though which is why I only gave it 4 stars . Because the shape of the bag is wider at the base this bag has never tipped over on me yet -LRB- my large one tips all the time -RRB- . I 've been using this bag for outings a couple times a week for 8 months and it still looks good and is as strong as ever . To give you an idea of what it will hold inside , I usually carry : Three size 4 diapers , wipes in a travel case,folded-up water-proof lap pad -LRB- for diaper changes -RRB- , one each size 12mos-18mos shirt and pants , one pair of socks , one bib , one receiving blanket/small fleece blanket , pocket notebook and pen , spare pacifier , one 8oz Avent -LRB- wide-style -RRB- bottle , one sippy cup -LRB- ours are more tall and thin then short and wide like some brands -RRB- , small-med sized snack container -LRB- like for dry cereal or powdered formula -RRB- , small snack and a spoon -LRB- like a small yogurt or jar of baby food -RRB- , and usually there are also a couple small toys -LRB- like a little book and a small musical toy -RRB- when my son was younger I could fit 3-4 rattles and teethers.I do pack it full , but you see it holds a lot for a small bag!Two things that others might consider cons are that there is no changing pad -LRB- though a waterproof lap pad is a good , compact , washable substitute -RRB- and like I said earlier , there is no pocket -LRB- inside or out -RRB- for a bottle to snug into .
 I bought this after my old diaper bag 's zipper broke . I am incredibly pleased with this product.The bag is far more spacious than I thought it would be , and the larger bag is much more attractive than I was expecting . The smaller bag is the reason I gave 4/5 stars . The silver mesh part on the flap -LRB- shown in picture -RRB- is rather unattractive in my opinion . It would look much better if it was only the light blue & black . The smaller bag is also someone difficult to remove from the larger bag . The extra strap does make it much easier to take & go when you need to run a fast errand and do n't want to tote around a large bag.My favorite part is the convenient pockets inside of the large bag . It has a nice build in zipper bag to hold items -LRB- perfect fit for clean diapers so they do n't get smooshed under everything . That was a big problem I 've had with other diaper bags . -RRB-
 This diaper bag has a lot of room with dividers to separate where you place your items . It is great for all occasions . I highly recommend this bag .
 I love this bag . It 's been many years since I have toted around a diaper bag ... this one is convenient , durable , and stylish . I 've gotten many compliments on it . Most of all I love the material , very stain resistant .
 Very cute ! Nice and roomy . Really nice that there is a `` cooler '' on the side . Came with a changing mat and a wipe holder which was nice and came in handy . I bought it as a gift . And she uses it all the time !
 This bag is the perfect size . Not too big or too small . It also came with a container for wipes , which I did not realize . I just love the way it matches our stroller set too !
 This diaper bag is great , has a lot of room to put all sorts of things inside it . It 's big enough to put all my personal items plus the babies things . I chose this pattern so my husband could carry it without feeling like he was carrying a woman 's purse .
 This bag is great ! It 's got a ton of pockets on the inside , a plastic zip up bag for dirty diapers -LRB- yea ! -RRB- , and a cool `` mini '' bag that clips onto the outside of the bag , which I use as my purse to cut down on the amount of stuff I have to haul around . It cleans of with just a wet wash cloth and stays looking very nice . Love it !
 I love these wipes . Not only do they smell great , but they actually work great too . They are n't too thick , are n't too thin . They are n't overly wet . I had tried these after using store brands and Huggies , and we have n't gone back . Huggies are okay , but they are so thick , they leave little `` residue '' behind . Not sure exactly how to explain it , but it 's like little cloth balls . Not good for a baby girl . The Pampers are perfect and the price for these here on Amazon can not be beat since there is no tax .
 If you have a baby or toddler , and are constantly grabbing a wipe to clean faces , hands & the usual - then having this box of 12 refills around gives you the satisfaction of knowing you can have them all over the house -LRB- literally at your fingertips -RRB- and never run out !
 Perfect moisture , never had any problems with them for more than 1 year we are using them .
 This product is wonderful - I recommend it to all parents it does the job for light and ` heavy ' uses - the scent is just wonderful - a good choice !
 These are great , they stay really moist . I have tried various types , costco , huggies . Which I preferred but could n't get on Amazon in bulk , so I tried the pampers instead . I am hooked even my nanny was surprised at how soft and moist the towels are . Fantastic product.Great for cleaning up babies after meals .
 For this quantity the pricing is great and just having them delivered to our home is a real time saver . With cost of gasoline it is worth it . This is our second order on this item .
 Received them in time and in good condition . Overall , I am happy with the purchase of this product . I bought this item along with the $ 30 off of $ 99 or above purchase Offer , which even makes this product a good bargain .
 Bought this so I had a base in the car for my grandsons carseat . Very good product . Would recommend to anyone .
 Glad I could find another carseat base , babies r us apparently does n't carry them any longer . It works just as I needed it to , cost was reasonable , and shipping was fast .
 I ordered this car seat base in order to have a second base in a second car . It came very quickly and is great !
 we have not had any problems with it and it is very easy to install it my wife and i are happy about it , we did not think that amazon would offer good quality infants products too , it is pretty cool .
 Easy to use and to install . Great to have an additional base to switch car seat from one car to another .
 I bought an extra base to go with the Evenflo Aura travel system in Sienna . I have very much enjoyed having an extra base because I do n't have to move the base from one car to the other and I do n't have to attach the car seat itself . I was surprised that the base that came with the travel system was not exactly the taupe color of the subject of this review . I do n't really care that the base does n't quite match , but it is something of which buyers should be aware . I did n't have to resort to pool noodles or towels to get the seat level , so I 'm happy .
 Its great to have two of these . We have one for my car and one for my husband 's . We never have to take it out and mess with it . Perfect
 This is a wonderful item for a GMA or babysitter . I bought it for my mother that babysits for her Great Grandson . She is no longer homebound when she babysits .
 My mother-in-law brought me an Evenflo carseat with base and the stroller to go with it from a friend of hers who had a baby and no longer needed it . After a bit of research to find out what base I needed for my other vehicle , I chose this one . I had no problems getting it installed in an '03 Murano and a '98 Dodge Neon and I 'm 37 weeks pregnant . It took me about 10 minutes getting it set up in both vehicles together . I am happy with this product .
 Having only a 2 door car it made sense to have a base for my grandchild 's car seat . It 's safer for her and more convenient for me !!
 I needed a spare base for my son 's infant seat . This is exactly like the one that came with the seat so it fits perfectly . Its exactly what I expected and for a good price .
 Just what I needed . I is great to be able to share the car seat to and from daycare . Now it does n't matter what vehicle we are in .
 This item was shipped to my home is less than 24 hours ! I was extremely impressed with the shipping speed and the price was great also ! Having a second base is going to be very helpful for my 2-car family ! I recommend this product to anyone with an infant !
 As a grandma who needed to drive my infant grand daughter around , I needed to have a base exactly like the one that came with the Evenflo carseat my daughter bought . This is it . Delivery was fast and the price was right . I can recommend it .
 Tis item was shipped very quickly and arrived as promissed . This item is great for use in our parents car .
 Great car seat base . Sturdy and fairly easy to fix . I have been using it for almost seven months now and have no complaint whatsoever . Good buy !
 For those who are wondering , the Evenflo Embrace Car Seat Base works with the Aura model as well . For whatever reason , Evenflo does n't make it obvious that the Aura seat works with the Embrace base.I took this car seat base to the Safety Council in my area . They installed this base in about 5 minutes , and , after some practice , I am able to install the base in about 10 minutes . I disagree with some of the more negative reviews
 Bought this as a second base for our Evenflo Travel System . My son is only 7 days old so we have n't been using it long but we obviously ca n't see anything wrong with it or we would n't have used it ! : -RRB- Very easy to install , very easy to clip into ... great product .
 ... it 's a car seat base . It fits , it works , it arrived quickly and was the best price I found . We needed a third base for our daycare provider 's car and this was just the right one .
 Base is very easy to install . It has a 3-position adjustment feature for the recline which the base that came with my carseat did not have . This means you can fit the base to any car without having to use a rolled up towel to correct the recline . I am happy with this base .
 Works as stated . Using it as a secondary base and it 's just as good as the one that came with the car seat .
 between two cars and daycare , this has made it a lot easier . one carseat and 3 bases and we do n't have to stress about moving her around or the seat being not strapped in properly due to moving it .
 With two new grandsons , it is most convenient to have my own base and I also made sure both parents of both babies had a base in their car so we never have to worry about leaving the base with the baby , or going to leave with the baby only to find out the base is in the other car . I think all baby seats should come with TWO bases .
 We needed a second car seat base for the childcare provider . It works GREAT !!
 This is a great thing to have-the car seat easily attaches and detaches to and from the base . When it 's in , it 's very secure . It 's nice to have a second one for the other car so that you do n't have to undo and redo the first one every time the other parent wants to tote the baby in the other car . It was sort of hard to find in stores , so it was nice to be able to order it online on Amazon . I recommend it to parents who have two vehicles , or grandparents who will be carrying the baby around in their vehicles often .
 this product is good so that you do not have to move the base from one car to the other .
 The base arrived when promised and works just like it should . This company does exactly as it says .
 The installation of the Evenflo Embrace Infant Car Seat Base in our daughter 's car heavily taxed my strength and patience . Then , after my brother tried and gave up , my sister-in-law , a nurse , kept saying how important it was to the baby 's safety . She and I working together finally got it fastened in and cinched up tight . As a new grandparent I felt compelled to order a second carrier seat base for our van . This installation took much less time and effort . And I did this one alone . Now , the baby rides safely , and the carrier hops from car to van effortlessly . It was worth the effort .
 Car seat base is just as it should be . Not much you can say about it.The service however was really great . I got the seat sooner then Iexpected and it was not damaged .
 I have to totally disagree with the review from Texas !! I just had my base and carseat inspected by representatives from St. John 's Mercy Hospital and the Kidsafe organization , and they agreed that this was the easiest and safest base and carseat that they had come through inspection !! It is very easy to install , and it has a level adjuster that you can change as the child grows . I have it in my car -LRB- Olds Alero -RRB- and it fits fine in the middle .
 We bought the Embrace care seat and needed an extra base for the other car . It works wonderful ! Easy to install and uninstall . I love that it reclines our son in three different positions . Even at 6 lbs 2ozs he was still reclined enough!Note
 I purchased the Evenflo Rainforest car seat , and compared to other bases this base is really great . It has a leveler included on the base so you do n't have to purchase an additional product to level the base in the vehicle . It is also nice how easy a carrier is able to be removed from the base all you do is push the handle in and lift up . We had an older Evenflo car seat that was given to us and it was a pain to remove the carrier from the base . It was not an easy task especially when trying to remove a sleeping baby . The new ones are much better to remove and handle .
 Fits perfect just a taupe color but it was cheaper to get this color than to get black . We needed for an extra vehicle so it worked perfectly .
 Needed it for an additional car . Happy that you can just buy the base . We have had this in the past
 I liked this brand of car seat and base . The base was easy to install and easily adjusted . It was durable . I had no problem with this base during my daughter 's first year of life .
 Arrived fast . Fits perfectly with the car seat . Item seems to be a bit more rugged than the base that comes with the seat .
 I was always under the impression it was difficult to install car seats and carrier bases correctly but when I 'd actually done it I could n't understand what was so hard . This is soooo easy and it 's worked very well in both of our cars ; a Prius and a VUE .
 this is great to have . now you do n't have to keep switching the car seat base out of your car when someone else has the baby .
 This is a great base and is easy to install . May be difficult in some cars , but a rolled towel worked just great for me .
 The directions were a little confusing on correct way to strap base into car , or so my wife says . I won the competion on who could put the base in faster .
 My husband and I are on a tight budget so we did n't want to purchase a car seat that was overly expensive but we wanted our daughter to be safe . As a nurse in labor and delivery I am in contact with a lot of new parents and the car seat I see most often is the evenflo embrace . Months after giving birth I see a lot of my former patients and they still love this car seat . I myself found it to be great to use for our daughter and I would recommend it to anyone .
 This is a great base easy to install . I bought one for my car and my parents has bought one .
 This table is perfect for my two girls ages 2 and 4 . It 's not built to last a decade but I am very pleased with it . It 's pretty and practical .
 Received this table and chair set today as a gift for our 2 year old daughter who loves anything Dora . I put it together myself in less than 5-10 minutes.The only screws you have are the ones for the chair back to the chair seat ! -LRB- 2 for each chair , that 's it ! -RRB- The screw holes did n't line up perfectly , which makes it a little more difficult , but not impossible . I beat up the back/bottom of the chair trying to get the stupid screw in - could n't get it in so I 'm waiting for my mechanically inclined husband to finish that chair . The other chair went together without a problem , though the screw holes were still just a little off.The chair legs and chair table are peg-like that you just twist the whole leg to thread it in , which I loved . Seems fairly sturdy.Paint job on a few of the pink legs is awful , but being fairly obsessive about things like that , I 'm sure I 'm the only one who will ever notice . It 's just going to get colored on , pushed around , glued , etc , so it 's not a big deal . I managed to arrange the uglier table/chair legs to a part of the chair/table that wo n't be showing all the time so it looks fine.The chair backs , seats and table top is shiny -LRB- I 'm thinking easy to clean -RRB- and the colors are very cute.The storage area is bigger than I thought it would be - you can actually fit many coloring books in it , plus crayons ! Which is exactly what I wanted!The stickers it came with are very cute , but my 2 year old just is n't very interested in stickers , so I 'm going to save them for when she is old enough to use them the correct way on the dora table top -LRB- playground scene , bridge scene , beach scene , and paths scene that you can put the stickers on and play that way -RRB- . It says they are re-stickable , but I ca n't attest to that yet . maybe I 'll test one out and edit this review eventually.Like the other reviewer said , it 's not meant to last a lifetime , but it 'll do for toddlerhood and I think it could easily last 10 years , maybe longer , with a fairly gentle girl like mine , so I 'm hoping it can be passed down to any children we may have in the future.The two rope loops that you use to pull up to access the storage area were quite long and I think would get in the way of coloring and other projects , and be way too enticing for my string-loving daughter , so I just tightened them and tied another knot underneath so they are flat against it - still easy to get the storage lid off.Overall , I would recommend it , wish it was a little less expensive - you can get the Little Tykes classic table and chairs set for the same price and that one WILL last a lifetime!But if your kid is a fan of Dora and you are looking for a table with storage , this one serves its purpose well !
 I originally purchase a Baby Trend -LRB- Malawi -RRB- playyard , got it home and spent hours putting it together . I figured I would also need to purchase a basinette or moses basket with stand to go near our bed since the playyard was a bit too large for our bedroom . I found this Combi Travel Solutions set and knew I had to return the other immediately . I got it home today and had to do very little assembling . The basinett was the main reason I purchased this set . It 's on a metal stand that either rocks or can be rolled around if you engage the wheels . If you were to purchase a basinett like this , it would cost $ 50-100 . Plus , the play yard has most of the `` bells and whistles '' that you would need -- changing table that flips down and can be used simultaneously with the basinett -LRB- if you choose to install the basinett in the play yard instead of on the stand -RRB- , device with night light , music and vibration and side storage bag . The only thing it is missing is a sunshade if you use the play yard without the basinett -LRB- the basinett has its own -RRB- . Great quality , no little cheap parts to put together , very little assembly and both the play yard and basinette/stand have their own storage bags for easy mobility . The play yard bag is equipped to allow it to roll using the wheels from the play yard . Best item I 've purchased for my baby !
 I am more impressed with this item than any other item that I have bought for the new baby . I originally purchased a Kolcraft contours play yard . I thought it was the best looking one I had seen , and it had a bassinet . I thought it would be practical and a money saver -LRB- would n't have to buy a bassinet -RRB- . I was really dissappointed though and returned the item because the bassinet and changing table were one piece . You had to retire the changing table with the bassinet and you could n't use the play yard if the bassinet/changing table were being used . Any way about the combi . It has worked out any flaws the other had and it is beautiful . The bassinet can be used free standing with the included base or in the play yard . Also the changing table lies convieniently on the side and simply flips over onto the top to use and then back again . It has alot of storage pockets for all your incidentals and it all folds down and fits nicely into the included storage bag . another big plus , the wheels are exposed when its packed up so the whole unit can be rolled rather than carried . It is AWESOME !!!!!
 If you travel often , BUY THIS !!!!!! When the play yard is folded and the bag is on , the wheels on the play yard stick out so you can wheel it while it 's folded AND in its travel bag ! WONDERFUL ! The play yard bag also has a large zipper compartment that is meant for the changing table portion to fit into it . We almost always left that at home and used the zipper compartment for more packing ! I usually put a play yard mattress pad , a blanky or 2 , night diapers , pajamas , and bath stuff in it.We purchased this play yard after many many months of research . It arrived when I was very close to delivery and I was able to set it up and figure it all out within about 30 minutes by myself . Love the neutral color that does n't scream `` baby ! '' . The bassinet was the most confusing , but if you read the directions and use a little bit of muscle or have someone help you , it should be fine . My daughter spent her first few months in the bassinet which we installed on the play yard . We never used the rocker/wheeled attachment for the bassinet though we loved to have the option . She seemed pretty uncomfortable in the bassinet - the pad in there is very thin and underneath it is that really hard cardboard material -LRB- can not think of the name right now ! -RRB- . We ended up having to elevate her for reflux anyway and bought the Sassy memory foam sleep positioner -LRB- LOVED it ! -RRB- and she was then perfectly happy to sleep in it.The vibrating feature is AWESOME . I never knew it would be that important , but the day we got it back from an airline journey and that part was cracked and not working , I was horrified . Thankfully , a few good thumps and it miraculously worked again!The light and music are also great pluses . The light is very dim so it 's not bright enough to bother baby , but enough for you to see what you need to.The ball , bear , and star toys are simple but they were my daughter 's favorites for a very long time ! She still plays with them and she 's almost 3 . This play yard is super durable . My almost 3 year old is 30 pounds and about 32 inches tall . She 's starting to outgrow it , so we 'll have to figure something else out for travel . She 's calm and never tries to climb out of it . She was always SUPER comfortable sleeping in the play yard especially after we bought a play yard mattress pad . That mattress pad came in handy many times for unexpected sick days or overflowing diapers ! This play yard does clean very easily thought with soap/water/washcloth . My reflux daughter let this have it and it does not smell or have any stains!One of the wheel locks cracked during a flight and I have n't been able to get the wheels to roll perfectly again , but really , after almost 3 solid years of travel and use , it has been worth every penny ! The bag has also held up fairly well - holes are forming at corners and there are a couple of tears , but it still holds everything!Put together , the play yard does NOT fit through normal doorways . Kind of a bummer if you want to move a sleeping baby from room to room so if that is important to your needs , it 's definitely something to consider .
 Much prettier than the picture . I was very pleased with the quality and detail of the product .
 I love this diaper bag . First , it does n't look like a diaper bag . It can pass for a purse and looks very sporty . I do n't feel like a frumpy mom while carrying this . Also , it carries quite a bit without looking bulky . I regulary carry wipes , diapers for my infant and my potty-training toddler , plus at least one change of clothes for each child in the two larger compartments . I still have room for my keys , wallet , cell phone , sun glasses , and a hair brush in the two inner zippered pockets.I only gave it 4 stars because the shoulder strap needs a little more padding . But , overall , it is a great diaper bag .
 This diaper bag is a great urban carrier for baby items and can easily pass off as a regular messenger bag for every day use . * It 's functional and has multiple organizers , including a place for your cell phone , keys , and a zippered insulated compartment for baby 's bottle or a toddler 's drink . * For parents , there are two inside pockets with zippers that are perfect for wallets and other small items . The interior has easy stash pockets for storing diapers , wipes , and other baby essentials . * Overall , it 's a stylish looking bag that moms or dads could use . The design is trendy without having an appearance that will become easily outdated . * After nearly two years of daily use , it 's still in good condition and shows little signs of wear . * It 's also a very convenient on-the-go type bag that stays put when you 're out and about .
 It was nice of my `` ninth month wife '' to agree upon a diaper bag that I was n't too embarrassed to carry . Now that the baby 's here , I 've found it to be functional as well as comfortable ; it easily holds enough clothes , diapers and stuff , and does n't feel like you 're carrying an elephant . No complaints at all , it 's a great bag .
 I have purchased several diaper bags and received several at my shower . As a person who loves pocketbooks , I 'm horribly picky about any bag . But a diaper bag especially should be functional and stylish . The COMBI urban sling is just that . At the time of this writing , I 've only had it a week , so I ca n't speak to it 's durability.What you ca n't see in the pictures on this site are the many pockets in the bag . The front flap closes messenger-style via velcro . There 's a zipped pocket which spans the width of the front flap inside the front flap.Upon opening the front flap velcro , there are two pen holders and two compartments/pockets which will fit a wallet , or checkbook or even diapers if that 's where you want to put them.There is a zipped compartment on the side of the bag which holds one bottle . This is the only drawback ; that only one bottle can go in the insulated compartment . However , in the part of the bag which is the deepest , there are two deep compartments and one zippered compartment on top of a spacious inside . The bottle thing was remedied for me by putting another bottle on the inside compartment in a ziploc bag -LRB- to keep the temperature -RRB- . The shoulder is heavily padded in the middle of the bag , which is a joy on my shoulders . And the key holding section is convenient as well.On the back of the bag is a compartment which holds a large changing pad . This is one of the best features as the changing pad itself is n't bulky and taking up oo gobs of diaper bag space.I took this bag to the hardest possible test site
 Washes great and it is very durable . My daughter loves this blanket b/c it has a soft sweater feel and it is warm . We have two just in case we lose one .
 I really love these large wipes . I always carry the standard size but after finding these I noticed that I now use 1 of the `` Big Ones '' instead of 4 or 5 regular sized ones to do the same job . They are also a little thicker then the regular ones , so they will do more work for you . Great to have on the road .
 I 'm a 28 year old woman and probably go through as many Wet Ones as my friends with kids . Wait , let me explain ... - they 're convenient for use on-the-go . I work in outside sales and practically live in the car . These are great for spills or clean ups if I 've had a messy coffee or lunch break.-great for the gym for face and body.-REALLY great for removing make up at home , in the car , at the gym , wherever . I use them on my face as part of my morning and night time routine.I am a huge fan of Wet Ones in general . I always have packs of Big Ones stowed away in my trunk and in my vanity . The smaller travel packs and single packs are great in my purse as well . People are always grateful when they 're in need : -RRB-
 Great for sticking in a cargo pocket out on patrol if you need to ... you know.Also great for field showers if you have monkeybutt or something .
 I have looked around for one of these baskets for a while ... Moon Bear Moses baskets are hand-made from real corn silk.It 's very sturdy and will last a long time . The liner is easy to remove and wash too.I found a real deal here !
 This basket seems to be wonderful . I have checked reviews on different `` Moses Baskets '' and this one lives up to what I read . There seems to be plenty of room for my little guy to grow and move . The sides appear to be sturdy enough that I do n't have to worry about them collapsing or folding in on the baby ! Will be perfect for visiting the grandparents !!!
 I first put this basket on my registry as more of a novelty , since we were n't initially certain how we 'd use it . It has turned out to be indispensable . The basket is perfect as a changing space . The sides of the basket are deep enough that a small baby ca n't roll out , making changing very simple and portable . Our baby was a very early preemie - we brought this to the hospital and the nurses started using it for `` tummy time . '' With a firm pillow and some blankets , the basket becomes a cozy space for your baby to nap in while you do the dishes , check your email , etc. . I was pleasantly surprised to find that the lining and mattress sheet are removable and machine-washable . This is an item I will give my friends as baby gifts in the future .
 I was surprised when the package arrived yesterday - by the way it was shipped very quick by The Sourcemarket . The baby basket is very big . Of course this way it will last longer while the baby is growing , but we are planning for a long airway trip with our newborn and I really imagined it more `` compact '' . Well , we can use the additional space to store some utilities like the bottle . It is well made and light . What I dont like is , it 's made in China , but I am not surprised about that because of the price . It is just , it seems nowadays there is nothing thats not made in China ... Southamerica is nearby , they would also make economic well made handwork , why has it to be China all the time ...
 Simple , nice sized , and not hard at all to put together . I received this two days after ordering , far before the delivery date ! Bought as a Christmas present for my four month old brother and he absolutely loves it ! He is just filled with smiles and giggles :-RRB- it 's a pleasant interactive toy
 This is a real good toy for babies who have to do tummy time and are learning to crawl . With all the colorful toys it encourages them to crawl , set up and reach for the toys . It works very well to get them to like tummy time better .
 el producto es lo esperado , se ve de buena calidad y lo comprpraqdo llena mis espectativas , sin ningun problema que decir
 This provided hours of fun for my son it was worth every penny . It was a little smaller than i imagined but it still is a great buy .
 Both of my boys have used this playmat and have loved it ! I prefer it to the larger ones simply for that fact that it fulfills its purpose without taking up too much space . Both of my kids have loved the detachable parrot . I love that two of the toys can be moved to different locations . The head support does n't seem to serve much of a purpose once baby can move around . It has kept both of my children entertained and held up extremely well . I have washed the playmat , and removable toys many times , and they still look brand new .
 I bought this for my daughter when she was a newborn and she loved it when she was able to make the ball play the music . Now she is 11 months and still plays with it . Would def recommend . We also bought the Rainforest Jumperoo to match and it 's so cute !
 we have the deluxe activity mat and it is much much better but decided to buy this one for travel . Kept our twin boys entertained and doing tummy time but lacked some of the things we enjoy most about the deluxe version . the music is lame and no lights . Still good for the price but not if it 's the only activity mat you plan to buy .
 My son LOVES this activity gym . It keeps him entertained just long enough for me to get things done around the house !
 This was our first infant play mat/gym . My son was premature and , thus , had a longer `` newborn '' period than most babies . The other gym we own was too complex for him at first . This gym was great in his newborn months but he did outgrow it fairly quickly . He absolutely loved the hanging butterflies , which we also attached to the velcro on his Graco papasan . We were able to use for tummy time and on his back . This gym is great as a `` starter '' but , as some previous reviews noted , wo n't last beyond the time they can roll over . I would buy and use it with a second baby , though . The size was great for not cluttering up a room and for bringing on travel .
 We started using this gym when our son was 2 months old . He absolutely loved it . Every time we spun the ball and the cat made music our son went crazy with glee . He is now 4 1/2 months old and he still likes it , but he does seem to get bored with it quicker and he likes his larger play mat better .
 Surprised that the reviews are n't a little higher overall for this product , but I guess as always , different things appeal to different kids and parents . Our 3-month old has had this gym for a few weeks and she really enjoys her time on/in it . We have it set up so she can kick at the swinging tiger and the tunes it plays are quite cute and not annoying - a real plus . The little ` pillow ' head rest thingy is pointless , but other than that we 're very pleased with this purchase . Are there really tigers and giraffes in rainforests ? I guess I wo n't let that bug me too much ...
 My baby loves playing on this mat , obviously he has nothing else to compare to , so he does n't know what he is missing from the larger dome style playmats . I bought this for the size and portability . Downside , not enough toys and long enough music for him to play and hear . I attach more toys to the bar for him to play and also bought a kick activated musical board . Overall a good buy for the size .
 Great play mat . My daughter loved it and still enjoyed playing with it when she was walking . She would sit on it and read or play with her toys . Now I use it for my twin girls and they love it as well . The mat washes up nicely in the machine and the colors have not faded .
 My 2 month old spends tummy time in this and he likes checking out the little mirror . I like that it 's small .
 this was a gift for my 2m old son for his first christmas :--RRB- love the mat its just simple fun and cute my 2yr thinks its fun too , lol i get great floor time with both my kids with this it does not take up any space its easy to carry around or store away unlike other bulky ones
 This is a very nice gym with lots of fun , engaging activities for baby . It plays music and has lots of textures and colors . We never found it too small , it was just right and did n't take up the whole living room . It was also easy to wash in the washing machine . Once my baby was older -LRB- 7 months or so -RRB- she would pull the butterflies out of the tree because they 're only attached with Velcro .
 great item for our grandchild he played all christmas with it and had a blast , it seemed fine for him at only even 6 months
 I got this used from a local shop , and I have to say , it was totally worth it . I suggest to other buyers out there , check your local craigslist postings and thrift shops for your baby items . Alot of the stuff was used for a month or two , and is basically in new condition.My daughter loves this playmat and is fascinated with all the toys . The pillow seems a bit silly , but otherwise a wonderful purchase . I love that you can re-arrange the way the toys are places since it does n't hook together any specific way .
 We had it foe my ds1 3yrs ago n he loved it . When we my ds2 arrived , i decided to get it for him too ~ ~
 My 6 month old loves this mat . He lies on his back and bats at the toy bar , and kicks the tree with his feet . He also loves the music.My only real complaint is how small the mat is - he is a big boy and does n't really have room to roll over without running into the side bars .
 Fisher-Price is well known for making toys that `` grow '' with their toughest critics , babies . The Fisher-Price Rainforest 123 Musical Gym is no exception . My son is four months old , and he loves to lie on his back and swat at the toucan rattle , butterflies , and tiger music box . He coos and giggles while he plays with them . There 's also a giraffe and palm tree that he likes to look at . As he grows older and begins to lie on his belly more , there 's another rattle , a mirror , and a peek-a-boo toy to play with as well . There 's even a headrest that can move along with the child as they grow.This toy focuses on development of large motor skills . The ability for the toy to `` grow '' with the child makes it a pretty good buy in my opinion . I recommend it to families with babies who are at least two or three months old .
 I had a late shower -LRB- 5 weeks old -RRB- and received this as a gift . She has loved it from the get-go . She was entranced by the music at first , then learned eventually how to make it go on her own . She learned to pull the butterflies off the velcro . She chews on most of the things , but that 's what babies do . The only pointless part I think is the pillow . I 'm not a huge fan of the way the ball and mirror and all that work -LRB- and the little flap is pretty pointless too -RRB- , but she was never very interested in those anyway , so for us , those do n't go into the score -LRB- or it I guess it would have been a 3 or 4 -RRB- . Overall , we are very pleased , and at 6 months , she still enjoys it .
 We bought this when my baby girl needed some tummy time . She hated tummy time , but loved to lay on her back and stare at the toys . I think this gym was helpful when she was learning to reach and grab at toys , too . She even loved to sit in her Bumbo and play with the toys from that angle . Overall , we got a lot of play time hours out of this gym , and I even made up words to the song the little white tiger plays .
 We have loved this as a back-up playmat that we keep in another room , while we use a larger playmat in our main living area for daily use.The best feature to this playmat is the tummy-time display at the end with a mirror , rolly-ball , and silky leaf-flap . This continues to be a favorite place for tummy-time . The little pillow that comes with is pretty useless , but a good idea . We also switch up the structure of this so that the arch is over the actual mat.This is also a great set-up for play in a bebepod/bumbo chair , as the hanging toys are within reach of a baby in such a seat.I wish that there were more options for hanging toys ... here , they attach with velcro to a small hanging strap rather than a typical loop that you can attach a link to . The giraffe is pretty cute
 This gym was a great purchase . Does n't make noise every single time you touch it , so it does n't get annoying , but plenty to keep their attention . Very durable , too . The dogs tear across it and has n't shown any wear . Had it for about 3 months , love it .
 We -LRB- me and my wife -RRB- bought this for our nephew a few months after he was born . He loves it . It really entertains him . His parents love it to , because it is an educative toy and helps with the development of the child.Great purchase .
 I bought this for my daughter to have at daycare . I liked that it was narrow & portable ! Fits perfectly in a portable crib too.I give it 4 stars because it 's a good product for what it is ; however , if your baby is rolling , get a different one . I wish I would have bought this when she was 2 months old not 4 . She rols to much & needs a larger mat now .
 My sons favorite toy to this day , he 's now 5 months old , is the Kitty that hangs from this playmat ! It makes the cutest noise when the ball turns and is black and white , so I believe he really loves the high contrast.Sometimes he plays with it for 10 minutes , sometimes he plays with it for over an hour . Just the few times he 's played with it for that long makes it well worth it : D
 This was a great buy for the money !! No reason to pay a fortune for other gyms , this one does the job . My son loves this mat . We got some extra key rings to hang some of his other toys from and it keeps him occupied for at least 30 minutes at a time .
 Since we already had one of these gates , we knew exactly what we were purchasing when we bought a second and third one . We connected the 2 gates in the middle for a wide entryway into our living room .
 This backless booster is a simple , last step booster bottom for kids who are ready to buckle themselves and like to change where they sit and are old/big enough to know their part.The booster is light but well made . Its use is super easy , but the one piece arms help giude the passive restraint seat belts.The fun color was a good bonus .
 I bought this Dakota backless booster for my nearly 6 year old . She previously was using a Jupiter Komfort Kruiser XL100 , which I loved . The Komfort Kruiser was a booster with a back , and although it still fits her to this day , she was eager to move into a backless booster . I think the Dakota booster works great . It gets her to the height she needs for the seatbelt , but allows her to feel more like a big kid by not having a back . This booster is a quality item and large enough to fit her until she will be old and large enough to no longer require a booster . The pocket on the side is handy as well , although does not work well with drinks -LRB- I advise buying a bottle holder to put on the arm rest ! -RRB- .
 This is a wonderful backless booster seat . Much more plush than most you find for sale . Light weight , comfy , and nice fun color . My daughter loves it !
 I bought this car seat for my granddaughter , age 7 , who had outgrown the full car seat with the back and tray -LRB- outgrown in the sense that she was old enough and of the correct weight to warrant an upgrade -RRB- . She is delighted with it and thought it was very comfy and cushy ! It needs no `` installation '' as such , and uses just the seatbelt to anchor the child . I keep it in our car all ready for her use when she visits us . Everybody is pleased with it ~ !
 I think this a great booster for bigger kids . I have a 4yo boy that is average to big for his age and he LOVES this seat . I bought it to take on vacation with us so I could avoid hauling two full-sized car seats into the airport . It worked out great . It is light for it 's size and easy to carry . It seems bigger and more substantial than some other seats I 've seen . It is a bit more expensive than some I 've seen advertised , but I think you get your money 's worth here . It 's not like it 's prohibitively expensive . If I had to say something negative ... the cup-holder is really too narrow to be useful . Maybe to put toys or something in . We do n't have any sippy cups that would actually fit into it .
 We have purchased four of these booster seats for our two children and our two cars . They are lightweight , but well padded and sturdy . They have several seatbelt adjustment options for tall or short children making it as comfortable for our 7 year old as for our 4 year old . This will be the last booster we will buy . Should take both kids to the end of the requirement easily .
 This booster seat is not only very comfortable for a child , it is designed to look more appropriate stylewise for the older child who has outgrown the 5 point harness .
 Looks good , seems comfortable . They 're light and do n't take up much space . I bought two . My kids love them over the big toddler seats they were in before .
 Newborn is mainly breast fed but we try to do at least 1 bottle a day . He had issues takingother bottles , Our lactation consulatant reccomend this becuase the nipple is most like naturale and breast fed babies seem to do better with it , which was true with us .
 My grandkids love the stools and as soon as they opened the box for Christmas they said `` Our Stools '' ; took them right to the bathroom and got a drink of water . The kids are 4 & 3 years old . Wonderful gift .
 Our daughter used to dig in the plants and play with the dirt which invariably ended in her mouth if you got distracted for a second.This net works wonders , our daughter ca n't get her hands in the dirt anymore and I can still very easily water the plants.I am not giving it 5 stars because :1 -RRB- the largest size does n't fit the larger pots we have2 -RRB- one pack will only be enough for one pot , and thus seems a bit pricey to me.Overall I am happy with the product , it did what I was looking for and I would recommend it .
 Our 10-month-old daughter has guided us in thoroughly baby-proofing the house , but until we purchased these we could not figure out what to do with the plants short of removing them all together . Several large palm trees provided all kinds of fun for her as daily she would remove the rocks that lie over the dirt and then dig in , spilling and trying to eat the dirt underneath . Other smaller plants were the same except that with her growing strength she could pull them all the way over , providing plenty of dirt and rocks to play with all over the carpet!These simple nets proved to be exactly what we needed . Installing them on the larger pots was a bit tricky even with two people , and best done when the pot is really dry . We were impressed at how large they stretched , and how well the tops rebounded . My only complaint is that they are not at all tight around the stalks of the plants so they definitely need securing with safety pins or stitching , which I think should be included along with some quick instructions . They do also make watering a bit trickier as some of the water tends to run off the mesh , especially if it is poured too fast . But other than that they are wonderful , very strong when tugged on by little hands , and so far keep in all rocks and dirt if plants are tipped over.Though we were able to cut them up a little more than the packages specify , I would recommend purchasing the proper sizes and following the guidelines for using the larges as one , mediums as two , etc. and not trying to get too cheap and just chop up the bigger ones . They work best if they cover the entire container on glazed ceramic pots , and at least 2/3 of the way down on terracotta
 Yes , I would recomend this to a friend - the best system we tried is Playtex so far . We used Dr. Browns first - those required so much work in washing them , these are easy to wash , baby likes them and they keep air out - I just wished I started using Playtex bottles from beginning : -RRB-
 These nipples worked just as I had expected . I have had to start adding a bit of cereal to my son 's bottles and the size of the holes are big enough to allow the added food through without me having to expand them .
 My son decided somewhere around 2 that he does n't like these wide bottles and he only likes the regular bottle . But when we travelled abroad when he was 9 months , these extra nipples and disposable pouches were a life saver with ever 3-4 hour feeding . Having enough to stay out all day without thinking about cleaning in a foreign country saved my wife and my sanity .
 I love Playtex products for babys ! They are greater than the prize ... I will buy it if the prize will be more , because they worth it .
 Flow seems adequate for a 6 month old . Baby seems to like it . It seems to be a good buy .
 Hands down , playtex drop-ins are the best and easiest nursing system . No excessive washing necessary , and you can make bottle after bottle . We have traveled for 2 weeks carrying only the one bottle with us . The nipples -LRB- slow in infancy -RRB- are the slowest flow out there , so there is no nipple confusion if you 're breast feeding . Most lactation consultants recommend these .
 We 've been using these with our VentAire Plus bottles since it 's so hard to find Fast and Medium flow nipples for those bottles . So if you 're running a Playtex wide mouth bottle you ca n't go wrong with these .
 my baby chews on her bottle nipples / avent . but this one , no ... i wonder ... maybe because it 's very soft . i would recommend to mothers . i bought this because the bottles came with slow drip .
 I am giving it a 5 because I do n't have any issues with them and they are working fine . Fast flow is such a time saver .
 I started useing the fast flow nipple when my baby was 5 months old . He was getting frustrated with the slow nipple going way too slow . Since he had just started on cereals I figuered these would suit his needs . Its a great nipple so that he eats just as he wants even when I added cereal to the breast milk . There were times when he got over come by the flow but he would just stop himself and pull the bottle out to catch up . As with anything baby related its trial and error . These worked great for my baby but maybe not for yours . Give them a try and see for yourself but I would greatly consider these if you plan to mix some cereal into the formula or breast milk for a feeding . I myself never bought any medium flow so I dont know how those would work with cereal but these for sure work great .
 Needed fast flow nipples to replace the slow flow from the bottles I bought . No problems , fit just right . Just what I needed .
 I have been using this brand since my daughter was 6 months old and have had no problems with any of the slow , medium , or fast flow nipples . I do hand wash so I think they last longer than if washed in a dishwasher . I have never had them crack or break . they do kinda change color when I used Similac powder formula , not cows milk though .
 I own this bag and actually love it . I love how roomy it is . I can get quite a few cloth diapers in there , wipes , and all my babies stuff without it being too full . The outside zippered pocket is easily accessed and I love the water bottle pocket on the side . I breastfeed , so I do n't need the big insulated pocket for a bottle , but it is perfect for my little guy 's snacks.The previous reviewer did not mention that while the top is closed with a drawstring , there is a flap that goes over that and buckles securely . I have never had an issue with anything falling out.Also , the zippered compartment on the bottom can be opened without having to lay the whoile bag on its side . I just lean it back and grab the pad out . In fact , I see this as a great design since the pad is stored in the bottom , it does not take up any room in the bag , and it is stored away from my clean stuff.And finally -LRB- and very importantly -RRB- , it is comfortable !! The straps are wide and padded . My husband will wear the baby in the Ergo while I carry the diaper bag on my back when we go strollerless which is often . I love how it is gender neutral too in case we decide to switch . : -RRB-
 My first baby is not here yet , but I have a Maclaren Volo and added this to it to give me some storage that is more accessible than the under-the-buggy mesh carrier . I test drove it in my house , and tried adding some items I figured will be essential . While it is not gigantic , I anticipate that it will hold what I need to while we do something like stroll the neighborhood or go to the mall . I like the organizer , and I do n't have any complaints about it so far . Maybe the reality of having a baby in the stroller will change this ; but , I am happy with it for now . The stroller can easily fold all the way down with the organizer still attached , and it looks like it will give me room for essentials without forcing me to dig around under the stroller to get items out of the basket.Interestingly enough , most of the bad reviews for this seem to ding the product for the lack of a cupholder for an adult size beverage . I do n't know if the reviewers who wrote those reviews bothered to actually read the product description . Had they read the description that is available as of my posting time , then they would have plainly seen that this product is not advertised as something that is designed to hold cups with beverages for adults . It says it holds bottles ! Clearly , a baby bottle is not the same size and shape as a Big Gulp , a fast food soda cup , or a Starbucks cup. :-RRB- My husband is very handy , and he will probably add a separate cupholder for me before I do much strolling with the Mac . I scored the organizer for a sweet price when it was on sale . I read the product description before ordering , so I was not expecting to receive a product to hold a drink from a fast food company or a mall food court restaurant . If you are looking for a product that does that , then skip this or buy and attach a separate cupholder designed for adult beverages. : -RRB-
 It works and fits perfectly on the Maclaren Quest , and I would imagine on any Maclaren .
 It 's a great cross selling item . Ask for a discount if you are buying the stroller together .
 I have n't used it yet , my baby is due in September , but I got it from a local store for almost $ 35 so the deal looks great !!!!!!
 Initially I was annoyed that it did n't come with a cup holder that held my large drinks as most reviewers , but this organizer has become my best friend . I have Maclaren XLR and the bottom basket is completely not accessible when the seat is reclined . I have put everything in this organizer that I need frequent access to and it has even replaced my diaper bag . I have his diapers , extra set of clothes , wipies , small toys , binky , etc and I use the top small pocket for my cell phone and keys . The cup holders are great for his formula bottles and a small cup of coffee for me -LRB- not filled too high since it can spill all over the stuff but this is the case with any cup holder -RRB- . I did purchase separate cup holder for my husband 's big drink cups and one of the mountain climber clips to hang groceries and my Sigg water bottle . All in all , this has been a lifesaver and saved me from throwing a fit every time I tried to get something out of the bottom basket .
 The organizer works wonderful , it attaches to the stroller easily and folds away for storage . We bought the organizer for a vacation so we did n't have to carry a diaper bag , it fit the essentials and a few extra items .
 I love this item . I ordered it after seing another mom pushing a stroller with one of these on it . It fits my Chicco stroller perfectly , and holds anything extra that I need . It also came in really handy while on a trip to Seaworld . We were able to bring a lightweight stroller and store all our extras in this !
 This is a handy little addition . We bought it for extra storage on our travel stroller , the volo . It is nice for skipping through a terminal and will fold off the stroller nicely . The cup holders are only for small water bottles and I would not recommend it for coffee or anything hot or without a screw lid since it is not that secure or rigid enough . But , it has a handy small pocket for keys or money for easy access . The larger is nice , I always kept a boo-boo kit and change of clothes with the velcro closure-I could keep it in there when I was n't using it.Overall , I really like it ! We have had it for over two years without any problems . People often ask me about it , one person bought on for their wheelchair ! It is worth it and okay it is not a great drink holder-it is a useful product with durability . I wound and do recommend it to anyone considering extra storage for their stroller especially an umbrella stroller !
 When I initially bought this item I also thought it was meant to be a cup holder , however its not . The two drink holders are for bottles . Most sippy cups do n't even fit . Its a good idea , but I always kept my son 's bottles in an insulated pack with ice since they held milk , so I ca n't say we 've ever used them.The other storage usage is very helpful . Its very easy to throw extra diapers and a wipes case in the large section . We were overseas for some time , and I also used it to carry groceries home since we did n't have car.I 'm glad I purchased this product .
 I love it ! It is very light so it does n't make your umbrella stroller to tilt . I highly recommend it !
 I will not lie , I am the type of person that I like everything to match whether its by color or brand name . I purchased this item for my Maclaren Triumph stroller and all I wish is that it were a bit larger , it was quite small . I mean I didnt want a huge bag , but something a little bigger would 've been better , its about the size of a Medium Dominoe 's Pizza box . The drink holders are mesh so unless you have a bottle , the holder might not be as durable as one would like . It does look nice and I love the material .
 It is sturdy and flexible and we have been able to use it many times.The cup holders are a bit small but it provides exactly what we need - little extra space for quick trips .
 Ordered this for myself as well as a friend to use on our Disney trip and we loved it !! Was all I expected and more .
 Very necessary for carrying extra items and when having to fold up the stroller to jump in a cab or head down the subway steps . Cupholders mainly hold slim sippy cups and water bottles . Not made for travel coffee cups , etc. . . Very thankful that I have mine , although I wish the cup holders were bigger . Front small pocket is perfect for keys and cell phone . Mesh bag in the back with the velcro closure is great for all other items . Still worth it to purchase .
 I used this organizer on my Maclaren Triumph while on vacation and it saved me from having to carry a backpack or diaper bag . I put a folded diaper pad with diaper and wipes in the bottom basket of the stroller along with a camelbak bladder filled with water , and everything else I needed at hand went in the organizer
 I use this on my Maclaren Quest Sport . Pros
 this is so easy for running around to the stores and quick shopping instead of a diaper bag.love it !
 It provides very convenient extra storage . It 's sometimes a pain in the Maclaren Triumph stroller to fit things under the seat . A cup holder rather than a bottle holder would have been nice , but you 'd probably end up spilling your hot coffee all over your kid anyway , so I guess the way they did it makes sense . It can hold a water bottle or a baby 's bottle . Fitting a sippy cut wo n't really work . Folds up nicely with the Maclaren stroller .
 This is an easy , small organizer for your keys , wallet , phone , and a few small toys . It has cup holders but I 'm not sure I 'd use them for anything but a bottle with a tight lid . We store the rain cover in here and it works well .
 Perfect , so useful for expansion of the capacity of the stroller . The straps permit the use in more places than just the stroller
 We ran through the top rated universal stroller bags and ended up with this one . The mesh bag makes going through the disney bag check quicker and it holds a fair amount of stuff . It also does n't set the stroller off balance and allows it to be folded when empty . Using a Maclaren Stroller
 I know these strollers are durable and English which make them a hit but with no storage other than that small basket underneath which is difficult to access with a child in the seat and no cup holders I am shocked that they are so expensive . With that said this &#34; organizer &#34; is vital to actually being able to use the stroller . I would opt for the &#34; cup &#34; holder though because these pockets will not hold anything wider than a bottle . Do n't even think about putting even a medium drink in it as it will not fit .
 I leave this on my Quest all the time and fold the stroller with it on . Granted the stroller does n't fold as small as it could , but I am ok with that . I keep a few diapers , change of outfit and wipes in mine all the time in the mesh pocket and the stroller still folds up . The cup holders are ridiculously small , which is why I gave 4 stars . You can put a slim water bottle in there if you maneuver it , and maybe a can of soda , but fountain drinks and Camelbak 's are n't going in here . I keep my cell phone and keys and whatnot in them and hang my water bottle . other than that the holder is perfect .
 Never did get around to using it . But , it had everything I would 've used if I actually liked venturing out in nasty weather ...
 We recently purchased and have been happily using the Quinny Buzz Stroller . After looking at many strollers -LRB- bugaboo , stokke , peg perego , etc -RRB- we chose the quinny . We have also previously owned , Aprica , Macleren , Graco and Peg Perego strollers . We love how it unfolds at a touch -LRB- safety band prevents accidental unfolding -RRB- and it is by far the smoothest stroller on all kinds of terrain , from your neighborhood sidewalk to traversing across a grassy park . I personally love the way it looks and it does n't have the strolling spectacle flavor of say the stokke . I also was concerned about the ease of use and unfolding/folding because of earlier reviews on the the Quinny . However , this must have been a problem that was worked on by the manufacturer , as we find the quinny extremely simple to use , and although folding does require a bit of strength , once you get used to it you know exactly where and how to push down so that it folds quite easily . The only major flaw I found and to me it 's literally a `` massive '' flaw , is that it is so HUGE when it is folded . It is so big it will undoubtedly take up most of your vehicle 's trunk as it does ours . We have the Audi Q7 , and we can not use half of the third row if we want to fit the stroller in back . Our Peg Perego and Macleren both fit very nicely . A secondary flaw is the short sun-shade , which the manufacturer somewhat compensates for by providing a zip-in windshield . Our stroller came with a basket which I believe is new , as older reviews talked about the lack of a basket and constantly kicking a bag that attached to the rear . The basket though not huge is adequate for us and we can easily fit a 12 `` x10 `` x5 '' diaper bag in it with some extra bottles of water . In conclusion , if you can handle the large size and weight , it is indeed an excellent and very stylish stroller that works well in all conditions .
 Functional is great , but the truth is today 's parents want style too - even -LRB- or maybe , especially ! -RRB- when it comes to baby gear . We were frustrated with the sheer lack of good looking , functional stroller options - although we 'd seen the Quinny online it just blew the other strollers out of the water when we saw it in person . We are using ours for our newborn with the Maxi Cosi infant carseat -LRB- also a great purchase -RRB- . The Quinny Buzz is our favorite baby purchase so far .
 We have used the Quinny Buzz for our son for four months now . To begin with we used the frame with the Maxi Cosi car seat and have only recently also started using the regular seat . Both ways have worked very well for us . This stroller it sturdy -LRB- we have used in on dirt trails several times -RRB- , easy to maneuver -LRB- we have strolled through lots of crowded stores -RRB- and also pretty -LRB- we have gotten lots of compliments in NYC , which is otherwise full of Bugaboos -RRB- ! We also love the fact that it can be folded with the seat on -LRB- when facing forward -RRB- . The frame is definitely heavy , but once we got the hang of folding it and hauling it into and out of the trunk of the car , it has n't been too bad .
 We spent 3 hours at Babies R Us trying out strollers which claim to be 1 hand opening -LRB- they do if you are willing to throw your shoulder out in the process -RRB- . I was seriously thinking I would never find something I liked . Then we found this fantastic stroller at another store . They had just gotten them in , 2008 was the first year they were carried in the US . When they showed us that it opens by itself - I was sold ! -LRB- The company website has a video too -RRB- . We did not get the bassinet , save your money and just use the carseat adapters and get the maxi-cosi seat that goes with it -LRB- I think it has adapters for some other brands as well -RRB- . This has been the perfect mix of urban and trail stroller - it handles well on the brick sidewalks near us when most non-jogging strollers do not , and it works well on dirt trails . Our son actually fell asleep on one particularly bumpy trail . We have had so many comments on our stroller . The microfiber cover and memory foam seem really comfortable . The basket is roomier than it looks and we attach our diaper bag to the sides of the handle with velcro straps . We bought the Joovy brand parent tray that is made of neoprene and slipped it on the handle and it works fine for holding bottles , keys , etc. . It does tend to be a bit wide in tight store aisles but it manuevers with one hand and it 's other features make up for it . We 've gotten one flat tire in 15 mos and I just took it to the bike shop and had them fix it rather than doing it myself . Whether you get this stroller or another - invest in it . Do n't just buy the cheapest stroller , the better strollers can make things so much easier . I think the '09 version of this stroller has the improvement of a self-locking mechanism which is the only thing I would change on our ' 08 .
 We love this stroller . Absolutely love it . The real tires and the way it rolls provide an incredibly smooth ride . The seat , car seat and bassinet are all easily exchangeable for use . It folds quickly and easily , and it 's even better when unfolding.We went into the store we bought it from intending to test out the quinny and the bugaboo , fully prepared to buy the bug if that 's what we liked best . The quinny won without contest . We played with both while the salespeople were helping other customers . We had almost no questions about the Quinny , but the bugaboo we could n't even figure out how to fold it without help . The ride was also better . The seat on the Quinny feels like it 's a tempurpedic foam or something similar , so squishy and it feels so comfy !
 We used to have a Combi stroller for my daughter -LRB- now 15 months -RRB- since she was born and she never liked it from day one and made it very hard to go anywhere with her . When I saw this stroller , I really liked not only the features but also the price . It has same features as Bugaboo but it 's a lot cheaper!My daughter loves this stroller . She never complains when I take her out in stroller and it just made my life so much easier ...
 We LOVE this stroller ! We got it for a 10 month old , it goes anywhere ! You can literally push and steer it with one hand while you open a door with packages and get the baby through , no problems . The turning radius is very small . I have been in stores that had a lot of fixtures and we could get through every aisle and a lot of the other parents had to either take the baby and carry it , or just not go there .
 Pros : * This is one of the coolest looking strollers out there , and every where I go with it , people come up and ask me about it . * it is incredibly maneuvrable and easy to push . I can easily push it with one hand -LRB- and hold my coffee in the other ! -RRB- . It 's also easy going through doors because I can hold the door with one hand and flip the stroller through with the other . * the telescoping handle allows you to have it quite high and it is very comfortable for walking . * one button spring release - I forgot how hard it could be to open a stroller - I simply press the button and it pops into position ! * adaptability
 Although this stroller is expensive , it is well worth the money.pros - large wheels = comfortable smooth ridefolds/unfolds easily = to fold you press 2 buttons on the side and push down , to unfold simply pull up , gently , on the handlebar and it unfolds automatically.storage bag included = there is a good size storage/diaper bag that attaches in back of the stroller between the tires . It has a great cover attached so that the bag wo n't get wet and dirty . This also holds the pump for the tires.cons - I did n't find these items to be cons , but some people may.There is no cup holder like on many other stroller models . I never used mine on another stroller I had so it did n't bother me.Storage is limited . There is an additional storage basket you can purchase that goes in between the wheels , it 's not huge but it gets the job done.The ease , comfort and function outweigh any minor annoyances . This is a very popular brand in Europe and seems to be catching on in the States . I use the Maxi Cosi carseat and could n't be happier . My baby girl loves the carseat/stroller . If she is napping I do n't have to worry about waking her up since the wheels are so smooth , even on cobblestone streets . If you know you want on and are able to budget a little extra money a month throughout the pregnancy then it does n't seem to be so costly . For more information visit the website at www.quinny.com . I love mine !
 If someone told me I would spend $ 500 + on a stroller I would say never . But after a visit to Land of Nod , read lots of review online my husband and I decided to splurge on the Quinny Buzz Stroller for our first and only child . It was the trip to Land of Nod that triggered me to consider this stroller . If you live in a walking city , like Chicago , it is one of the best strollers ; it is excellent on the sidewalks , great for jogging , light weight , handling with one hand . The stroller comes with ALL the accessories , unlike most strollers . Our daughter enjoys the comfort of the Quinny Buzz ; it is her little hybrid car . If you live in a city where you do lots of walking or strolling I would highly recommend this stroller . Also , it is good through toddler ; so it is ONE stroller for ALL age .
 This has been our son 's favorite toy since the day we bought it . He loves chewing on the turtle 's hands and feet . It 's just the right size for him to carry around and he loves the bright colors . It 's pretty obvious that the turtle has a snorkel on it 's head ; -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This slot machine bank arrived ahead of schedule , in perfect condition , is fun to use !
 Great deal for the price . My daughter loves it , and is the perfect travel chair to toss into a backpack for a picnic , etc. . Works great on the bench of your normal park picnic tables , or just set up in the grass for an afternoon outside . Lightweight , easy to pack up , ca n't complain at all . Only POSSIBLE down-side that I see is that the mesh pockets on the side are too small to hold some snack holders , but they fit most sippy cups just fine . -LRB- for reference , daughter is roughly 35 inches and about 35 lbs , and the chair fits great . -RRB-
 Have used this chair a lot when going out to local restaurants and due to its small size when collapsed , is easy to transport . When at home , I have the portable chair connected to one of our eating counter stools and our 2 yr old baby is able to sit with us during meals ... makes her feel like a `` big girl '' . The only problem I ran into is that some restaurant chairs are larger , and the bottom strap is too short to go around the chair seat . Fortunately , the back strap was long enough , so at least it was secured a little .
 I 'm so surprised that something so affordable can function so well ! We love this chair ! We use it everyday at the kitchen table for our 21 month old and we 've taken it on vacation once . It fits securely on our dining room chairs and clean up is very easy as well ! I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this for my step-daughter who 's 16 months old . She loves it because now she has a camp chair like me and her daddy . She seems to think it 's comfortable , she 'll sit in it for hours on the porch and watch the day go by .
 I bought this portable chair for my Grandchildren to use while they are at my house . It works great ! They are able to sit up at the table and eat with us whilch they enjoy very much . For the money this chir is a deal .
 This chair is perfect for me to use when my grandson visits . So easy to set up . I feel he is safe in this chair . Wonderful price . He loves it.Two years later : Felt I needed to come back and tell you just how nice this chair really is after my grandson has used it for a long time now . He is almost 4 now and gets in and out of this by himself and I never worry about him in this chair . Of all the things I have bought over the last few years with a new grandson , this is the best purchase I have made . He likes to have it taken off the kitchen chair and put on floor to sit in to play in den .
 The Regalo My Chair Portable Chair is one of the best `` make mommy 's life easier '' purchases I have made . It is very portable ... folds up and down so easily and come in a carry bag my 22 month can carry himself . It sits securely on every chair I have tried to use it on . Additionally , the security straps on the bottom work great . I do n't use the waist harness on my son , but it would work great for a smaller child that needs to be strapped in . I have no issues with the height of the chair ... it has worked perfectly at all tables . BUY this ... You 'll LOVE IT !
 small enough to not take up space in the car or trunk ! very sturdy and when open big enough for a 5 year old !!!! really great chair !!!
 I love this booster seat ! It is convenient and folds easily . My one year old loves it too ! It fits easily in any regular size chair , including my island barstools !
 This is a fabulous chair for children 9-18 months . Perfect size and safe structure . I bought one and loved itso much I bought another . 5 star rating for sure !!!!
 I have a 20 month old , and she loves this chair . We have n't put the chair to much practical use yet , but I purchased it mostly for camping . I 've had it set-up in our living room and my daughter loves to just play on and sit in it . It seems like it will hold up as well as any similar folding chair for adults . It is light weight and easy to pack or carry and I think will be great for camping and car trips . I 'm not sure if I 'd trust it to survive baggage claim in checked luggage for plane travel .
 We love this seat . It is great for keeping in the car for those times when you find yourself in a packed restaurant that is out of high chairs . Or at mother inlaws without a highchair . Or a family holiday dinner where there is no highchair . When traveling with a little one or even just at the park or a sporting event . There are so many uses for this great little seat . It is extremely light weight and compact , and comes with a carrying bag .
 We are a military family and we travel frequently to visit friends and family . This chair is perfect for our fast-growing 6 month old daughter . She is able to sit upright with us at the table and in the yard with the big kids . It folds up super compact in an easy carry pouch and we can take it anywhere . Super easy to wipe clean too .
 Got this for my son for his first birthday and he/we take the poor thing everywhere . My son LOVES it because its his size and he can pick it up and move it himself . His sippy does n't fit in the side pocket though , but that does n't bother him or me .
 I love this chair . I ordered it for my 18month old for a camping trip and it was perfect . He loved this chair . it was easy to sit in , easy to attach to a bench if needed or sits nicely on the ground . We also used this chair to feed an 8month old on our camping trip . Its easy to clean with a damp cloth . I 'm looking forward to using it on our beach trips !
 Why did n't I find this product sooner is my only regret :-RRB- This is very comfy , easy to use chair . My 2.5 year old loves it and acknowledges it as his chair only . So far so good . . no issues whatsoever . I like its multiple uses - Booster/beach/park / whatever chair !!
 I like this chair , but you just have to make sure that if you put it at a table there is n't a ledge under the table . Because it has raised sides it wo n't fit under the table unless your table is tall enough or there is no ledge .
 This chair was a big hit with my 14 month old daughter.She loves this chair ! So i am really happy that i bought it.Its very light to carry around and comfy for my baby to sit on while playing or reading books.It would have been helpful if it had more height , but otherwise its perfect!Just be careful that it has a backstrap cause the one i ordered didnt and then amazon sent me another one which had a back strap .
 We love this chair ! Perfect for at home and when we vacation . Even used it at a restaurant . So light weight it makes carrying it easy . Recommend to everyone !
 The chair is great but the strap is not long enough to go around the seat of my dining room chairs -- my seats are kind of big -- I hope it will be better when take it other places . The company does not make an extender strap
 My 2 year old daughter loves this chair for sitting on the floor . Sitting at the table is another story . When she uses the back of the chair to rest up against it pushes her butt out causing her to slouch . The arms were too high for the chair to fit under our kitchen table so she was unable to get close enough . We purchased a booster seat for using at the table .
 I first saw this chair when we had weekend visitors and they brought this chair a long for their two-year old . I was so impressed , I purchased one for use when my grandchildren come to visit or we take them traveling . It is easy to setup . If cleaning is needed , it is easy to clean .
 I have purchased 3 of these seats for grandchildren . We use them on bleacher seats and they work great . Two of the chairs have been fine and held up good . However , one from the last purchase on 6/20/09 has already ripped on both arms . It appears there was not enough of the material caught in the seam and it has pulled out on both sides . The child using the chair is only 2 years old . The two chairs holding up are being used by children age 3 and 5 . So for the two that are holding up , they are great , but for the one that ripped , not so good . We have used that one chair no more than 3 times in the 8 weeks we 've had it . Unfortunately it ripped after the allowed return date .
 This was so useful that i bought another one for my other child and they 'll move their chairs all around -LRB- if they 're not buckled in to another chair -RRB- which gives them a great sense of independence . They are n't an eyesore like many bright plastic chairs can be either . Work great at Gramma 's too !!!
 This chair is light and easy to carry around . We traveled with it recently and the only issue we had with it was n't product related . One issue we had was that the hotel did n't have an appropriate chair to secure it to . There are straps going both directions to put it on the chair , so there needs to be a gap to run the strap through the back of the chair . We are currently using it at home at our table and allowing our toddler to choose between sitting in it or the high chair .
 This is a great booster seat and takes up very little storage room . If you need booster seats for several children and do n't have the room for lots of high chairs , this is the way to go !!
 I love this chair . We have traveled to several family members homes with the booster and it has worked so well . I have also referred people to the web site to buy one for themselves .
 We first set these little chairs up on the floor straight out of the package and IMMEDIATELY my 12 month old twins ran to them and sat down , lol . Not sure what they find so amusing about them but they seem to love them ! They drag them around through out the day and seem to be quite comfy in them . That 's all that matter to me . We 've traveled with them and used them as booster seats and they 've worked out perfectly ! They take up far less room than the their Space Saver high chairs -LRB- which we also love but found they took up too much space when traveling -RRB- .
 this is perfect for limited spaces and for travel . just fold it up and away you go . great for littles ones at the beach as well , the sand shakes right off .
 I almost did n't buy this chair because the price was so good I thought there must be something wrong with it . I 'm so glad I purchased this over a bulky plastic booster seat . Even the fabric `` my little seat '' only works over specific types of chairs . The Regalo portable chair is lightweight , and folds up small so it hardly takes up any room in a suitcase . It 's also great for the beach , the park , and at home . It comes with a fabric cover and is able to strap securely to a chair to hold it in place . You can also buckle up your child in if you have a wiggle worm like me . I bought it for our 15 month old who 's now 2 and we still use it .
 It works great for what we need it for . It folds up quick and we take it with us whenever we eat at someone else 's house . We 've never used it at a restaurant or anything , but I 'm sure it would work well for that too . We selected 2-day prime shipping , but it actually showed up the next day , on a Saturday !
 This chari is VERY convenient for carrying around . It fold and is light weight . Also , it ties securely to every seat we have used . The down side is that the seat is made of cloth , so the baby sinks in a little and it is not always the most condusive seating position for eating . Putting a towel under our daughter has helped prop her up .
 I love this chair . Can be used almost anywhere . The fact that you can attach it to pretty much any chair , and I attached it to a picnic bench today , keeps little one safe . I like that you can belt them in as well so they ca n't get out . Take it anywhere , restaurants , parks and we even went camping with it . I have the cot as well and I like that too ! Folds up small and easy to clean . I recommend this to any parent out there with little ones . I like taking it to my family 's place since not everyone has a highchair .
 This little chair was perfect for what we needed it for . It has been great for our 7 month old when we visit friends and family . We also took it on a trip to CO and had her sitting stream side with us as we ate lunch . Very portable and small .
 I just had to order a replacement chair since we foolishly lost our original while on vacation . This little chair is lovely ! I keep it stored in our car and have used it for a variety of things . My son has been using it since he was about 6 months old and has had no issues . I 've used in restaurants as a high chair and it has worked perfectly.It 's cute , compact and light . Just how I like my baby gear !
 This chair travels every where with us . We take it on picnics at the park and even packed it in our bags when we flew over seas . Small and compact when folded , yet study . My daughter just loves it ! She now has a chair of her own .
 I love this chair . It is easy to carry and take with you to restaurants and other places that your child needs a little extra height . It makes them feel like a big kid instead of a baby at the table . It is much cleaner and not every restaurant has a high chair , sometimes the buckle is broken or it is so dirty that you do not want to touch it.With this chair , you know that you have a clean and safe place to put your child while you are out . I even use it at home when we needed an extra seat for a visiting child or when we to Grandma 's house.It folds up easily and wipes off too !
 My two year old loves this chair , and it 's easy for him to set up himself and sit on the floor . It also makes a great booster , but beware
 This portable fold out chair is awesome !! It 's so light and easy to use . We used it at the beach as my daughter 's beach chair , at dinner , at the park , at festivals , trips ... I mean anywhere and everywhere !! I love it ! This is better use for 18 + months . If their younger , it maybe a little too loose .
 I am a grandparent of 5 and raised 3 boys of my own . This is the greatest little booster chair I have ever seen . It is portable , folds up to fit anywhere , has enough safety straps to secure to any chair . Best of all , it is very affordable ! I am going to order one for everybody on my Christmas list who has small children or grandchildren !
 We bought this chair to take with us on vacation to Costa Rica and it was a godsend ! Packs smaller and is lighter weight than other so-called `` portable '' high chairs . This one 's like a camping chair that happens to attach to a regular dining chair . Our son loved it - it was comfortable for him and made things super easy for us in the rental home we stayed in . I now leave it in my car so I always have it ... it 's much more stable , cleaner , and safer than most restaurant high chairs , most of which have broken or completely missing straps -LRB- we had a scare once when our son slid through the leg opening of a high chair that was missing the divider strap and got stuck -RRB- . Great buy -- especially for the price !!
 While on vacation and staying in places that did not have high chairs , we used this chair for our toddler who weighs around 25 lbs and sits in a high chair when eating at home . He loved the chair , and we loved its portability . It is compact and light enough that we put it in our checked luggage for the flight , and now keep it in our car for use in restaurants that do n't have high chairs available . We found it easy to clean and to handle .
 We bought this chair for my 10 month old instead of one of the traveling style high chairs/booster seats to take to family and friends houses . We have used it several times now and it has worked great ! Let me tell you a bit about the chair : Pros :1 . 2 adjustable straps to hook to both the back and the bottom of the seat for a secure hold2 . Child saftey strap that snaps around the waist and through the legs .3 . VERY compact and light - travels easy4 . Convienent removeable seat liner for easy cleaning .5 . Can double as a regular child chair if you do not want to strap it to an adult chair6 . Seems durable for our 31 '' , 22lb 10 month oldCons :1 . adjustable straps fit on most chairs but we have found -LRB- go figure -RRB- that it does not strap around the back of a very wide camping type/outside chair .2 . an attachable tray would be nice for the times when you are out and about and are not sitting at a table -LRB- e.g. picnic table , etc. where the chair has to sit on the ground -RRB- Our son is very rough with things and bounces in the seat and it has held up -LRB- another reviewer stated it did not hold up when their child stood on it . . -RRB- Before this chair we often found ourselves holding our child to feed him or passing him off to someone else when trying to make up our plates . This has resolved our problems and our son LOVES sitting at the table -LRB- on any regular chair . -RRB- No more worries on where and how our child will eat his meal .
 I bought this chair because it can be used both as a booster , and on the ground . So far it 's worked great for both ! It folds up nice and compact . I appreciate the extra lining on the seat that can be taken off and washed . Also nice that it 's just a lovely blue color , and not something obnoxious or cartoony . The only thing I will have to watch is , I 'm pretty sure my son could tip the chair over backwards while it 's on the floor . He 's only 1 , so hopefully he 'll learn NOT to do that , but in the mean time I definitely need to watch him while he 's using this chair . I thought it was very reasonably priced and I 'm very happy with it ! Looking forward to using it on many trips this year , indoors and out ! I will come back and edit this review if we have any problems .
 We ordered this when our little guy was 2 for use at the movies . Those awful plastic booster things theaters provide are horrible . This allowed us to safely strap our little man into his own seat as it safely buckles to the base of the movie seats and allows the child to sit very comfortably and rest his head right back on the seat naturally . The seat belt helped him learn that we sit still at the movies . The pocket on side for drink is pretty small and awkward . The only thing that would be better is if there were some sort tray that you cold clamp to both arm rests of theater seats to hold their popcorn . Otherwise , we used this a ton and kept in the trunk to have any time we might need it . Great for spur of the moment stuff !
 Great portable chair for my toddler !!!! I would recommend this chair over and over again ! Love this chair !! My daughter lovers it too
 I got this for at my mother inlaws place . My daughter loves it and it can be closed up and put away when not in use . Perfect for small places and on the go . Would be a cute little chair to take camping .
 Pretty happy with this little chair . Nice to keep in the car for visits to Grandma 's house or restaurants . In the summer it will be nice for camping ! Also nice to have around when we have company with a young toddler . Definitely worth the price . Only complaint is the cup holder is too small for any sippy cup we own . But , our son uses it as a snack holder .
 These chairs were purchased to provide feeding chairs for twins that were coming to visit . They were transported between houses several times during the holidays . They were easy to setup and take down . The carrying case makes it easy to transport . They provided safety for the children during their visit . We are well pleased with the product .
 This is really a great product . Totally portable so you can bring it to restaurants or when you go to other people 's houses . You can also use it a a little lawn chair for the beach or the backyard . The combination of versatility , quality , and value is a unique combination nowadays .
 Seems to be a convenient little chair for when the Grandkids come over . The only problem I would have is probably not as much with the chair as with my table . If you have a trim on your table like I do then this chair does n't work very well . There is no room for their little legs to go under the table . Other than that the chair is great . I will use it with my fold out table when the kids are here and alone as just a little chair for them to sit in . It seems well made and I like that you can remove the seat to wash it .
 After reading some of the more negative reviews I think this is one item that is especially for the more pettite frames among our wives . My wife is pettite , and has had a very difficult time with moby wraps and other products since the baby hangs too low . For her , she doe not need to hold the baby up while she is in the carrier , yes her head bobs a little as she still is just getting past newborn stage , but the baby loves the carrier . It is useful for facing out and in and once our little girl is in , she does not fuss.The carrier is adjustable for both that parent and the baby , so there is a chance to get this to work for you . This is a great gift idea as a first carrier for mom .
 I 'm very pleased with this rider . It is easy to use and I even use it when I dance , as a workout , with my baby -LRB- she is 6 month old -RRB-
 These pacifiers come with a clip on cover . I can attach them to my son with a pacifier saver and they stay clean even if they fall on the floor . My son is suffering with a little rash around his mouth because he is drooling so much and there is even one design that allows for extra air flow because of this . My first son used the same product 13 years ago and I think they are the best .
 We 've had this bed rail for about two months now for our 3 1/2 year old on his full size `` big boy bed '' . We 're quite satisfied with it.Construction
 This review is for both Hide Away Extra Long and another comparable model , Sleep Tite Extra long , of same brand . I am currently using both models so I can compare these two with each other.What 's in common?Overall both are in good quality and solid enough for their purpose . The extra long length is a big advantage for my sleep-mobile kids . They do n't just roll sideways . These rails are the longest ones I can find on market . They look very similar and basically have same mechanism for installation . Once installed properly , there is no gap -LRB- at least no gap that wide enough to be considered dangerous -RRB- between the rail and mattress . I use one for each of my girls . They are both serious rollers and more than often they lean against the rail and put their faces against the mesh . No suffocation worries . I know it 's not for co-sleep but I use it for co-sleep with my younger daughter anyway . Do n't see any issue.What 's different?Portability
 This product was really easy to set up . It is sturdy and serves it purpose for ensuring my son does n't fall out of bed . He even holds onto it and tries to climb on it - so far it has held up . The only downside is that it was larger than I was expecting . Right now I am using it on a crib frame turned into a daybed . The railing covers most of the side of the bed allowing very little space for my son to climb in and out . It is my fault for not measuring the bed before ordering but I wanted to give this caution to anyone who was thinking about doing the same .
 This is the second bed rail I 've tried and I like it the best.I disagree that assembly is difficult . The instructions could be more clear about the direction that the pieces are facing during assembly but it 's otherwise fairly straight-forward . It is great if you need to take it somewhere ; it disassembles into a small set of tubes and comes with a carrying bag . The product is rather heavy , though , so it may not work for air travel.The other product I used had mostly plastic pieces and broke easily . This is mostly metal and very sturdy.My daughter sleeps right up against it -LRB- like she was in a crib -RRB- and it is very secure.Beware of products with lots of plastic as they break with normal usage .
 I have only had this bed rail for 2 days now and while I do like it and fulfills its intended purpose , it could be better . I purchased this particular railing for the hideaway feature as I will be putting it up and down on a daily basis . This is done much easier in theory than actuality . It does get stuck and I have to push just the right place -LRB- it even offers tips in the directions on where to push ! -RRB- for it to close and even then it is difficult most of the time . One thing that none of the other reviews mentioned is that when the railing is on the bed , there are 2 areas where the metal from the rail protrudes out about an inch concerning me about bumps to the head . It does conform well to the bed and is very sturdy . I feel very safe with my 2 year old using it . It was a little on the difficult side to put together . I am usually pretty good at putting things togther , but this took me about 45 minutes as the instructions were poorly written . Overall , I am very happy with the product , could be better though .
 this product does what it is intended for . it keeps your kids from not falling out of bed and it slides under the mattress for those concerned with appearances . the size is perfect . i have a high , full sized mattress and it does the job . do n't be fooled into thinking you need extra long or extra high rails ! i originally had the extra long , extra high rails to only throw them in the garbage . every time i slid them out from under the mattress the sides hit the night stands next the bed and eventually ripped the material . the regular size is perfect ! also , in the beginning it is rough going to slide the railing between the mattresses but after a month or so , it slides in fairly easily ! it is n't a gentle or intensely quick slide but it works !
 This is a good product that works as intended . It is a little difficult to get the assembled side facing correctly the first time if you 're particular on having the outside fact outside , but it 's also adapable to various bed types . Since we are using it on a ` Trunnel Bed ' which has railings on three sides , I attached the `` mattress hooking devise '' to the metal bed frame opposite the adjustable railing . Worked great , and keeps everything secure . The `` storage issue '' can be a bit of a problem , but I found that by lifting the mattress a little as I start the ` slinding it under the mattress process , ' it all goes a little easier . The company also sells a two sided railing set that would be great for regular twin beds .
 good product . In use for almost 2 years . My son never had a problem with it . easy to install it . sturdy .
 This rail bed was an excellent choice for the transition between crib and bed . It makes the child feel safe , no falling from the bed and helps them feel all grown up by using a big bed .
 This was just what we needed to help our son transition to a twin bed and not fall out . We could n't figure out how to do the `` hideaway '' feature so we just left it up the whole time . Actually , because it is a platform twin bed , the hideaway feature probably does n't work as well as if there 's a box/base mattress .
 I 've had this for like a month now . Its a bit frustrating to put together but easy to figure out . The pins on it are n't the best . They are hard to pull out to get the rail up . All together its not a bad rail , it would be better if it was a little easier . Most the time I keep it up . My 2 yr old holds on to it and jumps so its pretty sturdy . I 'd recommend it if you can deal with a little frustration = -RRB-
 I have n't tried folding it away yet . It is kind of loose when you shake it . I wish it was sturdier but for now it is fine since my son sleeps on the other side of the bed against the wall . I 'm sure it 's comparable to other bedrails .
 Works great . Had to tie the straps to the poles cause the plastic clips broke . Works great . Still using it now
 I love this . Gives me a peace of mind that my child wont fall off of the bed . I just got one for the side of the bed , and put the other side up against the wall . Perfect . Recommend this to anyone looking for a safety feature for beds . I had a toss up between this and one of the cushion bed rails you put IN the sheets . This does not take up extra space in the bed like the cushions do .
 Got this for my 1.5 year old as she is now in a twin bed . Great product except for the side rails for the bed frame cover up my use of the hideaway rail . Perhaps if I had it on top of a box spring it would work better . However it keeps her in at night . Thought I would need extra long rail , this is definitely long enough !
 Easy to operate once you get the hang of it . It took some getting used to , but overall it is a good product .
 I needed some sort of bed rails on a bed that was high up for my grand-daughter that was 3 years old . they have worked great . you can put the sides down under mattress and put bed spread back on bed and never know that they are there.Great Ideal
 I bought this for my 3 yr . old grandson when he came to visit . He had to sleep in a big double bed that is pretty high off the floor and I was concerned about him rolling out onto the floor . This bed rail was very easy to use , lightweight enough to install myself -LRB- although I had help -RRB- , and after they left I took it apart and stored it in the box under the bed . Very convenient to use and kept him safely in the bed all night .
 I love the Regalo Hide Away Bed Rail ! It was fairly easy to put together . The best part is that it 's given my almost three year old the security she needs to be able to sleep in her own bed . It 's a wonderful thing when you can make something for your little one feel like it was their idea and it works !! Highly recommended and Economical cost !!!
 Well made bed rail looked at them all . Thought this looked the best . Also have had this brand before and it served 3 kids well as they transitioned to the big bed . Was traveling and had this shipped to destination . Amazon did an awesome job once again getting it there on time as promised . It did take about 30minutes to put together , I guess my only suggestion - preassembled in a larger box would be NICE , but then it is supposed to be PORTABLE so I guess it makes sense for it to arrive in a small box . Small print on the instructions - get your magnifying glass ready !
 I am very happy with this bed rail . I have 4 of them for my grandchildren and they work just as needed !
 I am very happy with this bed rail . Despite what others have said , I found it to be very easy to put together and works as expected . It was perfect for the platform bed that we have . I love that it slides under the mattress which makes making the bed much easier and you do n't need to see it when not in use . I tried 2 other bedrails before deciding on this one and this one was by far the better choice .
 This rail has worked perfectly for our preschooler . His bed is relatively high , but we have not been concerned . He is not able to release the rail on his own , yet I am able to easily collapse and stow it under his mattress when I make his bed allowing him to use the bed as seating and play space during the day . Also allows us to use his bed as a guest bed if needed without having to completely remove the rail.The rail was easy to install with adjustable straps & brackets that hug the bottom of your mattress . Once on firmly , it has stayed in place , even when changing the bedding . The rail itself has two release pens that can slip when not locked in place but are easily pulled to allow the rail to be stowed . Rail stowing is easy when tracks are squarely in place . Do not expect your child to be able to release rail and hide it away . That 's a job for Mom or Dad.All around great purchase . Would definitely buy another if ever had the need .
 Product works as decribed . Of course , you can not lean on it because it is not affixed to the bed , you will fall over . But , it does prevent my sleeping child from falling off the bed .
 We 've been using the bed rail for about a month now . It 's generally a good product . We are using it for some additional security on a top-bunk for a 6 year old.It was fairly easy to assemble , although it had more pieces than I thought it should . I think it took me about 10 minutes . As usual , the instructions are not as clear as they should be and it has some type of fastener system with flat plastic cords , which I 'm guessing is for the hideaway feature that we do n't use . The metal frame sits securely under the mattress , so I 'm not sure you need the extra fastener , but we did put it on!Overall it 's a solid product and does the job well .
 I have bought several bedrail over the past two years and have just not found the right one for my child . I have two boys and they always seem to like climbing over the rails and of course end up breaking them . This is the only bedrail out there that allows me to tuck the bedrail under the mattress when it is not need ... saving me another broken bed rail and some money . The Hideaway took some extra time to set up about 15-20 minutes from start to finish . It has been extremely sturdy and easy to use and thats quite a statement with my two kids . I have recommended this rail to all of my friends and family . It has worked like a miracle for my situation . I would defiantly buy this bedrail again !
 It took over two hours for me to assemble this bed rail as the instructions are not very good . Once assembled it does seem to be a good study bed rail and would recommend it .
 Rail is alright . Was not able to use the hooks that hook to the other side of the mattress . This thing is designed for a mattress on a box spring . Our little guys mattress sits on slats . It still works just cant use the hooks . The weight of the mattress holds it down ok . Our slats are screwed down so if yours are not you will need to secure them so they dont move . If they move the rail will not be stable . Will not be able to use the fold away feature but who cares .
 After watching the video on Amazon 's page under `` watch it now '' for this bedrail we had to try it . I have been looking for a bedrail that is not so bulky and can be easily stored . I hit the jackpot . This bedrail took a little bit of effort to set up about 15 minute 's . I would definitely recommend reading the instructions on this one . The bedrail has stood up against my son climbing on it and it has yet to budge . I LOVE the hideaway feature . It allows me to tuck it away when my son has friends over and is easier for me to make the bed . It has been a life safer compared to our old bedrail . I have already told all of my friend to buy this bedrail . Plus the price is great ... Bonus !
 I 've had this product for over three months and I think it 's a great product . However , when I initially assembled the product I noticed the the locking mechanism -LRB- to keep the rail securely upright -RRB- was not latching securely and w/in a couple weeks it stopped working altogether . I contacted Regalo customer service and they sent new parts to replace the defective ones . But they sent the wrong parts !! The manual and the labels on the original parts were mismatched ! And the new parts were labeled differently too . I contacted customer service and explained that I needed the correct parts and described the parts . They quickly sent me another set of parts and now the rail works flawlessly!I have a little trouble trying to `` hide away '' the rail b/c it does n't store easily . If the rail is upright for awhile the bed sags into the storage area . Sometimes the rails underneath the mattress move out of alignment and storage is also difficult . I just keep the rail upright and do n't bother with it.Their customer service was impeccable . It would give it five stars if the original product out the package worked properly .
 The directions for putting the rail together are n't really clear so if you have problems with stuff like that , you may want to get a different one . It 's not rocket science , just some things were n't labeled the same as the directions so I had to make a couple of assumptions on what went where . I do n't use the hide away feature , but I assume it works . I have leaned on the rail , my son has climbed all over it and it has held up great and never fallen .
 Was worried that it would be made of cheap material an would not be very strong , but to my surprise it is well made an does the job very well.It is easy to hide an put up only takes a minute or so to hide or set up . Well worth the money .
 very sturdy , I feel very safe with my daughter in her big girl bed with this railing . The only thing that I do not like is its a little hard to fold it away underneath the matterss , but for use for a railing its perfect
 Installation instructions were easy to follow . It got a bit tricky when you had to pull the mesh along the tubes , but with a bit more effort I was able to do it successfully . My husband and I were able to attach it to our son 's queen size bed . He 's 2 and rolls around a lot in bed . I thought about getting the extra long bed rail but then opted for the regular size after reading a review saying that there was no need for the extra long because the regular size one works just as well and covers a good bit of the side of the bed . After having purchased the bed rail I agree with the review . The only set-back is that you do struggle a bit making it hide-away with the knobs on the side . That does n't bother me as much though as the fact that there is a part of the bed-rail that sticks out when hiding away . I 'm afraid my son or I will bump into them so we keep the bed rail up most of the time except for when I make the bed . I hope I did n't install it incorrectly on the bed , but I do n't like the part that sticks out in case of injury . When it 's up I do n't have any worries . We are happy with it because most importantly my son has not fallen off the bed during sleep , which is exactly why we bought it .
 This works great for my 3 year old son that just moved into a twin sized bed . It is very easy to install and very secure . The reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the latches on the sides get stuck when transitioning it from hide away to up right position .
 I bought this for my sister in law to use for her daughter . I have n't heard from her any bad things about it so it deserves a good rating . It must do its job well .
 My mom with alzheimer type illness sometimes thrashes and rolls in her sleep . She has fallen out of bed , and this product is giving my dad great peace of mind . Slightly difficult to install and it gets stuck a bit when putting up or collapsing . That said , it is really an inexpensive solution , and best of all hidden and out of teh weay when stored between mattresses . We are happy with it .
 I was little concerned about putting it together and install after reading a few reviews . I did it on my own by following the instructions and did not have any trouble at all . The pieces fit just right and installing on the bed was simple . Also , the fold and store option was VERY simple to do .
 The rails were a little difficult to put together but are very sturdy . Easy to put under mattress . Great product
 I bought for a daybed . It works real good . Had to attached it a different way but it is very secure . My 3 year old grand daughter sleeps in the bed when visting and I feel comfortable that she is safe .
 This bed rail was pretty easy for my husband to assemble and is very sturdy on the bed . We do n't use the hide-away function , but it 's nice that it has it just in case .
 This does take a little time to put together , but I like the fact that it is made out of metal supports versus plastic ones . It does slide nicely under the mattress although it can stick out just a bit . Its not perfect -LRB- putting it together took a bit and you will have to take it almost completely apart for compact travel -RRB- , but I am pleased that it will last through my daughter and our next child and that it has prevented her from falling out of bed .
 I bought two of these several months ago when my 3 yr old transitioned to a big girl bed . Set up was relatively easy and the hide away feature is great . If installed correctly , there is really no way a child can fall out . The only reason I did not give it five stars is the lock/unlock mechanism is a little tricky/annoying at first , but once you get the hang of it , it is easy . Still , that is something that could be improved upon . I will be buying two more when our son transitions to a big boy bed . Over all , this rail is very well made and I would recommend it .
 All the other `` fold down '' rails hit the floor before they really fold down flush to the bed -LRB- despite the pictures on the boxes -RRB- and that was my big issue . I have a day bed for my daughter and really wanted to use her cut comforter but all the big rails got in the way . But this one is great because it folds away during the day and I can make up her cute bed . It was fairly simple to put together . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars was because it is a bit ackward to put up and down every day . The pins can be a bit fussy when I 'm trying to put it up and down , but I 've gotten the hang of it . And most importantly , it locks into place very tightly so I feel my daughter is safe
 I absolutely love this set ! I purchased this for my son as a healthier alternative to plastic dinner utensils , and I have been very impressed . The design is beautiful , and the quality is top of the line . The flatware has a shiney finish and washes well in the dishwasher . The fork prongs are quite pointy , but have actually allowed my little guy to learn how to use a fork properly by stabbing the food - just be sure your child is supervised closely while learning to use the fork . My 18 month old is still able to use the small spoon for yogurt and applesauce , but the size of the larger spoon is perfect for him to use for all other foods . Get rid of your plastics , I highly recommend this set !
 I received this as a baby present 2 years ago . It has ended up being the best set and utilized for the longest amount of time - since there is an infant spoon as well as a toddler spoon and fork . This set is a favorite for both my daughter and me . She can actually stab food with the fork -LRB- unlike most toddler forks -RRB- so she is n't frustrated when trying to feed herself like a ` big girl . ' I have recommended this to all my family as an excellent baby gift for others ! I 'm seriously thinking about purchasing a second set and getting rid of all the plastic ware we have .
 I have these stars in the bedroom on the cieling . They are thick material -LRB- not flimsy and cheap-like -RRB- -- and they do glow very nicely . I would say that if you put your bedroom light on for a good HOUR before bed , they will be lit up for at least a 1.2 hr . The glow doesnt stay on too too long . I would say that is the downfall . They glow for awhile , and when they do they are SPECTACULAR !! BUT ! the glow fades in like 1/2 hr ... maybe 1hr at the tops . You will want to get better adhesive to hang the or they will fall down . Reason has more to do with their weight . They are not cheap and thin so they will have more weight to them . Which is good , but you need to have better adhesive . Try hanging them with fishing line........see-through . Cant see it and its a better solution .
 My daughter loves these . Work great so far after a month with no dulling in brightness . Although I wish I bought a bigger pack . In a room that is 8x12 there is just enough stars , but we want to cover more .
 Bought this set to decorate up the room for my baby boy and I really love it . It was bright enough in the dark yet not too bright to make my boy sleepless .
 I bought these to take along for the boys -LRB- ages 2 & 4 -RRB- on a recent camping trip . They loved them . At age 2 they should be very closely suppervised with these but he enjoyed them just as much as the 4 year old . They made a circle of the glow sticks around a big tree and thought it was great .
 This bouncer just arrived on my doorstep . I assembled it in about five minutes and popped my nine-week-old baby into it . For over thirty minutes now , he has been completely happy . He is so excited by it ! He 's panting , cooing , kicking as hard as he can , and staring at the toys . He 's too young to grab the toys yet but he 's reaching for them.The bouncer is very springy , so it does n't take too much work for a young baby to get it to bounce . It bouches even with small kicks . The harness keeps him from sliding out . The colors and the dangling toys seem to be just to his liking , because he 's going crazy for them ! I wish I would have bought this for him three weeks ago.The cons seem to be that he 'll grow out of it before too many months -- it does n't have room for a big baby . Also , the dangling toys are hard plastic , not soft plush like I assumed . The baby does n't seem to mind , though -- he seems to like the tapping sound as they clack together when he bounces . The toys also rattle , so that will be fun for him when he can grab them.Overall , this is a great value and a delight for the baby ! You MUST get one of these .
 I bought this because the price was good and we wanted to have a bouncer in both areas of our house so we did n't have to keep moving the one we had . It was great , but as our son grows I can see he will not be able to use it much longer . He 's 17 lbs and 26 inches long and he probably has another month to use it .
 We really are very happy with our purchase . Our 26lb 2 year old daughter loves riding in this carrier and is very comfortable in it . Both my husband and I find this carrier to be easy to use as well as fully adjustable to fit both of us comfortably . I would fully recommend this product .
 My wife and I have twin boys who love these carriers . We have been using them since they were about 9 months old and they can not get enough . I am amazed at how well they distribute the kids ' weight and insulate us from their movements.Of course , I 'd be lying if I said that you ca n't tell that they are there ! You can feel them , but with most of the weight resting on your hips , I ca n't imagine an easier way to carry your kid , Kelty has this one figured out too . There are minimal contact points on you back to allow for great air-flow . The optional mirror is a must have to check on your cargo . I highly recommend this product .
 This has been one of the best purchases for my son thus far . He is 9 mos . old and loves this thing ! He loves being able to look all around . He actually refuses to be removed or even falls asleep in it . I an 6 ft. 3 '' and after adjusting the belt strap the carrier was no strain at all on the back . MAKE SURE IT IS ADJUSTED PROPERLY !!! if not it can cause stress on the ol vertebrates . Kelty you have done an amazing job .
 This is a terrific carrier . Our three year old still rides in it and is very comfortable . She often asks to go for a `` backpack ride '' ! The only change I would make is that it does n't have much in the way of storage space . It only has one small pouch . We often have it stuffed to overflowing on longer hikes . But overall , we love it .
 I bought this carrier for my daughter and son in law and thier new child . It works well and is comfortable to wear for the adult . The child is secure and the carrier stands alone for easy loading the child into it .
 This carrier worked great for our price range . I have a 8 month old and she fits in it good with growing room . We use it around the house and also on some day hikes . It fits both me and my husband well .
 My 12 months baby girl refused to sit in the stroller . It was too boring for her . When she grows too big for the baby bijon , we bought this to take her to the town . She LOVES it . Even though it is tiring to carry her with this , my husband loves it too . When he sees or hears how happy my daughter is , all the tireness changes to joy . I sometimes carry her with this to the backyard too . She just LOVES this .
 our 9mo old did awesome in this . we were able to hike for a couple hours ... then she was ready to be let loose . but it was nice for her to sit up high and be able to look around at things . she actually fell asleep in it for awhile so it must be comfortable . glad we bought it !
 This baby gate fit my needs perfectly . I had been looking for a while and took a chance on this one . The top of my stairway , where this gate is installed , has thick footboards and chair rail . There is also not enough room to install a pressure gate due to lack of wall space at the top of the stairs . A pressure gate would n't fit anyways due to my height restrictions to be inbetween the chair rail and footboards . I was able to install the hinged end of the gate at 90-degrees to the gate in the closed position . I had to add strip of 1x2 lumber to the clasp end of the gate -LRB- mounted on the wall -RRB- . This ensured that the gate clasp clears a very close by doorway trim . As i said , i installed the gate hinge at a 90-degree angle , so this also allows me to swing the gate to a ` full open ' position . I added a small hook on the wall to keep the gate in its open position . So in short , the gate was installed in a very tight location that required much attention to detail for all the angles required at the top of my stair well . This gate exceeded my expectations and has provided a very strudy solution for our needs . I would recommend this gate to a friend , and i will be purchasing a second gate to go outside on our back deck installed much like as shown in the picture . The gate itself was very easy to install -LRB- however , i did only recieve directions in French - there were enough pictures and letters/numbers to guide me -RRB- . The next installation will be a snap !
 I purchased this chopper for my sister 's birthday present . She loves it and continues to tell me all the things she has done with it thus far .
 My wife and I have been through several food choppers that cost less but this one works far better than cheaper units . It 's three blade design chops food more quickly than the two blade units . It is mostly dishwasher safe which was not the case with our other choppers . I should also mention that the product arrived on time and in good condition .
 &#1571; &#1606; &#1607; &#1575; &#1575; &#1604; &#1571; &#1601; &#1590; &#1604; &#1576; &#1610; &#1606; &#1571; &#1604; &#1602; &#1591; &#1593; &#1575; &#1604; &#1578; &#1610; &#1575; &#1588; &#1578; &#1585; &#1610; &#1578; &#1607; &#1575; &#1604; &#1602; &#1583; &#1602; &#1605; &#1578; &#1576; &#1578; &#1581; &#1590; &#1610; &#1585; &#1587; &#1604; &#1591; &#1577; &#1582; &#1590; &#1575; &#1585; &#1605; &#1578; &#1603; &#1575; &#1605; &#1604; &#1577; &#1601; &#1610; &#1607; &#1575; &#1608; &#1575; &#1588; &#1603; &#1585; &#1588; &#1585; &#1603; &#1577; &#1578; &#1575; &#1576; &#1585; &#1608; &#1610; &#1585; &#1593; &#1604; &#1609; &#1580; &#1608; &#1583; &#1577; &#1605; &#1606; &#1578; &#1580; &#1575; &#1578; &#1607; &#1575; &#1607; &#1584; &#1575; &#1605; &#1575; &#1606; &#1576; &#1581; &#1579; &#1593; &#1606; &#1607; &#1608; &#1606; &#1571; &#1605; &#1604; &#1605; &#1606; &#1607; &#1575; &#1575; &#1604; &#1571; &#1601; &#1590; &#1604; &#1583; &#1575; &#1574; &#1605; &#1575; &#1611;
 The QUICK CHEF PRO is my absolute favorite Tupperware item . I use it to make fruit salsa , regular salsa , and strawberry icecream . All nummy , all quick , no need to read food labels because I know exactly what is in there , and do not need electricity . I am taking this with me camping next summer . I would love to share my recipes . Contact me on my website -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I also own every kitchen gadget known to man including a Cuisinart . I never use my Cuisinart anymore . This takes care of all my chopping needs . From course to very fine , as long as you do n't overload it , just as with a food processor . Much better control with the Quick Chef . Very uniform , does not `` liquify '' like food processors . No tears . The real test for me was celery . It 's GREAT ! I have to tell you I am a Tupperware Manager and have been for the better part of 25 years . I got this as a reward and I was not happy . I did not believe it could possibly work well . It does and I could not be without it in my kitchen . I have not used my Cuisinart now for many years . This is quite possibly my all time favorite piece of Tupperware . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I have enjoyed this product so much . I have used constantly . It is one of the best Tupperware items I have ever bought .
 I do n't use this a whole lot -LRB- my kitchen ninja is my favorite thing ever -RRB- but for making salads - egg , tuna , chicken - it 's awesome . Makes nice , smooth , well mixed salads with no problem . Seems to be waaaaaay overpriced but I received it as a housewarming gift and I love it .
 I own every kitchen gadget known to man . Well , okay , I am missing a couple , like the combo microwave and pizza oven . But really , I own just about everything out there for cooking , and this little doohickey is a gem . If you do n't cut up your onions into smallish pieces -LRB- that is , if you insist on putting a half an onion in rather than quartering it -RRB- , it may take a little strength to do the first twist or two , but the blades are very sharp and do a wonderful job after that . The other night , I made a killer apple , dried fig and balsamic vinegar glaze using this and it chopped the apples without mushing them at all . I just ca n't recommend this highly enough . Cleanup is extremely quick and easy as the whole thing is top-rack dishwasher safe .
 I use this for making smoothies on the deck . No more dragging out the heavy blender . Just a few turns of the handle and you blend most any fruit and liquid . My son loves helping me turn the handle . You can also make great fruit salsa using this little gadget . It 's portable size is still larger enough to make the best salsas for the family .
 It is absolutely amazing how easy it is to chop onions in this thing . It is much easier than a food processor that does not waste electricity .
 I 've had the Quick Chef for about 5 years now , and use it often for various vegetable chopping . It works amazingly well for chopping onions , green chiles , green peppers , garlic , tomatoes , herbs , etc. . . It has a hard time with dried chiles , even after re-hydrating them , but that is to be expected since even our Cuisinart has trouble with those . I love this chopper , and it is one of the most used gadgets in our house . I prefer to use the manual smaller chopper over our large electric food processor . Cleanup is easier , and most importantly , I do n't have to worry about liquid going over the top of the center post and making an awful mess.Now for the bad parts . I really wish there was n't any , but alas , there is . The ball on the top of the handle separated quickly . It is not that big of a deal to put back in place , but it is a pain . The gears came detached once . I took it apart and fixed it , but you really should n't have to do that . Also , there is n't any seal on the top gear contraption , so if you happen to put it in a sink of water , it will fill up with dirty water and become unsanitary and disgusting . Now I make sure I wash it and rinse it quickly and shake well to make sure it does n't have any nasty water inside before storing . Lastly , the lid is no longer fitting quite like it used to . There must be a crack somewhere that is causing it to slip . This is also not much of a problem for me , since I get a really good grip on the unit while cranking away . I am not one to finely chop my veg before putting it in the unit , and I usually fill it pretty full , so there is a bit of effort required to start it up.To reiterate , I really do love this product and would buy another , but there are some issues with it , so keep that in mind before purchasing .
 Some people find cutting/chopping fruits & veggies to be therapeutic , even fun ! But not me - I hate that laborious , time-consuming part of cooking . I use the Quick Chef several times a week and it saves me lots of time , besides avoiding the burning tears from raw onions . Just throw in some chunks of onion , bell pepper , celery , etc. , and within seconds of turning the handle you can cut everything to whatever size you need , even finely-diced . The booklet tells you basically nothing -LRB- just a few recipes -RRB- , so you 'll need to experiment a little . It probably would n't work well for potatoes or raw squash , but it 's ideal for softer or watery foods ... i.e. , onions , bell peppers , celery , tomatoes , hard-cooked eggs , cabbage , avocado , parsley and more . I 'm sure I 'll continue to find more uses for it.Cleaning this thing is a breeze if you rinse it immediately after use - it 's effortless . I 've never had to put it in the dishwasher . I would give it 5 stars if it did n't have ridges inside the bowl . If the four vertical ridges were on the outside instead of the inside , you could wipe it clean with a spatula much more easily . I would also have made the handle -LRB- turning crank -RRB- a different color from the lid , as a visual reminder to remove it before taking the lid off . The handle , which sits loosely on the top , has bounced on the kitchen floor a couple times , but has n't cracked . I think the whole unit is well-made for the most part , and the blades are extremely sharp . Plus , it 's a bonus to have a kitchen appliance that requires no electricity!The price is steep , but if you shop around -LRB- like here on Amazon -RRB- , you 'll find much lower prices than full retail . For a knife-challenged and time-challenged cook like me , the Quick Chef is a godsend !
 I have had this chopper for over a year and find so many uses for it , but my favorite is making tuna salad . I throw in the tuna , celery , onions , hard boiled eggs , and relish . The chopper makes it such simple work . It chops and mixes everything together . It takes me a third of the time that it used to . Be careful to cut items in two-inch slices so they actually fit between the side and center of the chopper . It 's plastic , except for the blades , so you ca n't abuse it , but because it is plastic , it washes up quickly and is ready to go again . I just recently purchased one for my daughter for her birthday .
 We use this little processor primarily for making salsa . It does a much better job than any other salsa maker that we 've tried . It should as it cost about 3 times as much as other salsa makers . Very well made as you would expect a Tupperware product to be .
 Great product ... have n't used my Pampered Chef chopper since I received a Quick Chef chopper as a gift . Now buying them for my friends and family .
 This bottle came fast and is exactly what the picture shows . It 's hard to find Spanish baby things so this was a great find for us
 These wall decorations are adorable ! They are larger than I thought , about 10 '' x10ish '' each -LRB- they are all slightly different sizes -RRB- . Perfect to go above the crib in our nursery . Great value and quality as well .
 I love this bag ... It 's roomy and has plenty of pockets to keep everything organized . But once I fit my extra set of clothing , recieving blankets , diapers and wipes , there is n't a lot of extra room left . Since I breastfeed , this is fine , because I 'm not toting around extra bottles and formula . But if I were bottle feeding , I do n't think there would be enough room for all the extras ... But a big plus is my husband has no proble carrying the bag , even if I am holding the baby !
 It took me a long time to commit to a good , quality diaper bag , but I have to say even though I definitely hesitated at the price tag , I absolutely love this bag . It is worth every penny ! In fact , I have two Skip Hop Diaper Bags
 This is one of the best designed bags on the market . I find I have enough space for the essentials -LRB- in my case
 I agree that there is definitely NOT enough Mommy-space in this bag . If it was three inches wider and had another zip pocket -LRB- or 2 -RRB- inside I would be 100 % satisfied . As is , I am seen carrying this bag over-stuffed and unable to close properly . The non-baby colors are a plus for my husband , however , so I stick the extra stuff I need in my purse , which I am forced to carry IN ADDITION to this bag . A `` binky pocket '' would be a great addition too . .
 I am a fan of the Skip Hop bag . I ordered it b/c I loved the concept of it being a ` stroller bag ' and it has not let me down . I love how it clips onto the stroller and its perfect for mall / shopping trips ! The bag is a lot deeper than you might imagine and you can really stuff a lot of stuff into this bag . I can carry 3-8 ounce Dr. Browns bottles , along with a Deer Park water bottle , and ALL of my daughter 's stuff for a daily outing -LRB- diapers , wipes , ointment , change of clothes , etc -RRB- in this bag with no problem . It also comes with a waterproof changing pad . Its really a great bag -- well made , sturdy , durable and still fashionable ! The one I have is brown with a pink trim . I think I might also get the Expo bag that Skip Hop makes as well .
 From my wife : This is the fourth diaper bag I 've bought and it is the best by far . There are plenty of pockets where you need them and they are easily accessible with one hand . I love that I can have two hands free and it stays upright when I put it down . The bag is cute and the fabric is durable . It 's a fantastic bag !
 This was a gift for someone else therefore I can not not review this product . I did not hear anything from the recipient regarding this product .
 I love the skip hop dash ! It 's so easy to hang on the stroller yet everything in the bag can be reached easily . The size is great , too . I have a bunch of diapers , wipes , onesie , PJ , blanket & udder cover in the bag and more!Very convenient .
 This is a great grab an go diaper bag . I bought it so I would n't have to lug something around that was pink besides my baby . It is n't the biggest most spacious bag but the comparments and pockets are great , this is a good bag for day and overnight trips .
 I asked for this diaper bag for Christmas 2007 . I have had it for almost a year and I have to say it has held up pretty nicely . I get compliments on the `` cute '' bag and most people in my area do not have it . It is n't $ $ $ and it works for a girl or a boy . Even my husband does n't mind the color or style . FYI : They have the same bag in a lot of other colors . The best part of this bag is that it has the clips to convert it to a stroller bag . It has lots and lots of storage space and there are times I end up losing little bags of snacks and goodies with all the inside pockets before I get a chance to clean the bag out . The canvas is sturdy and durable . I use it everyday and it looks new still . No stains and pretty easy to wipe off . My sister-in-law wants one since in the last year she has already gone through 2 diaper bags she got from the local baby mega store .
 i was looking for a stylish bag that suits the purpose . and this is it . i can get about 4 diapers , towel , wipes , 2 change of clothes , baby cream . and theres still empty pockets . i 'm still bf so i dont know how it would go with bottles and fomula , but i 'm sure it wont be a problem . i love the colors , its a unisex bag , whicj i like , so i can use it with next baby .
 I love this bag or `` baggo '' as my son calls it . The colors are great - hardly shows any dirt . The various compartments are handy are practical . I have n't used the strap to attach to the stroller handle as it is a bit of a hassle . I washed it in the washing machine a couple of times and dried it on low heat and it still looks almost new and has maintained its shape . A lot of mothers have complimented me on the `` cool '' bag and my husband does n't mind carrying it when he takes my son out . The size is right to carry necessary things for an infant , but I find that I do n't need to carry as much , now that he is almost 18 months old ; I might switch to a smaller bag . I have traveled on flights with just this bag as the carry-on and managed to find space to keep a set of my clothes too - in case of baby spit-up or something . This bag is definitely worth buying !!
 this diaper bag looks like a hip messenger bag , but indeed fits all the things you and baby need when out on the town ! guys dont feel weird to hold it cause its not girly or bulky . and moms love all the compartments and the chic look . and after the baby days , you can really use it as a book bag or for your laptop ! well made , good quality .
 We just took our first vacation with our daughter and what with everything we needed to pack for the week and check through or take with us on the plane , this bag was exactly what we needed to get most of what our daughter needed onto the plane and then once landed back onto the back of her stroller . We were dubious at first about how worthwhile the bag might be but decided to purchase it anyway . It 's safe to say in retrospect we used this bag as much as if not more than anything else we bought in preparation for the trip . Great bag . Super roomy and organized and easy to find whatever you need inside it .
 I 've used a couple of other diaper bags -LRB- one cheap , one very expensive -RRB- , but this is the best by far . It has lots of pockets so I know exactly where everything is . Diapers and wipes fit perfectly and the side pockets even fit Avent bottles . The neutral color is great for men and women . Big enough to travel with . I wish I had bought it sooner !
 Gave this bag to a friend for her baby shower . I had her go online at amazon and pinpoint several bags she wanted . This was one . She was thrilled ! Nice to have something light , functional and fashionable at the same time . Way to go !
 This bag is perfect . It is organized intelligently-lots of pockets and room inside . The changing pad has a pocket on the back that it slides down into so it does n't take up room in the bag . The stroller clips are awesome -- it works on my Quattro and my P3 . The mommy pocket with key chain clip is nice to keep your wallet and other `` mommy '' items , and the inside bottle pockets keep extra bottles and are great to keep Tylenol right side up . The outside pockets are nice and big for toys and sippy cups . I thought my previous bag was great until I got this one . It is worth the cost !
 I 'm very pleased with this bag . It 's a perfect size -LRB- not too big , like many diaper bags -RRB- and a great chocolate brown color . It seems to be very well made too .
 I should be a diaper bag tester . I 've owned the Coach Diaper Bag , Land 's End new `` Do it all '' diaper bag that opens like a Dr 's bag , the `` Vivian Pickle '' designer bag , Baby Innovations Diaper bag , and so on . Too many to count ! The Dash is by far the best.-So stylish-Flap to close the top - making it more user friendly than the other skip hop bags-attaches easily to any stroller -LRB- Maclaren ! -RRB- with built in snaps-over the shoulder stap is long enough to drap over handles of any stoller and then just pick up and use-zipper pocket is great for lipstick , check book , keys , cell phone , pens...-interior pockets are great for diapers , wipes , bottles , formula and so on-plenty of room for at least 2 changes of clothes-back pocket for the changing pad -LRB- with the cool logo so it looks cute hanging out -RRB- also fits my day planner which I am never without and need accessible always ~ This was very important to me.-4 outside pockets besides the outside changing pad pocket . SO much room ! - high quality fabric ... is n't showing wear with a ton of useGreat all around bag for daily trips or weekends . VERY FUNCTIONAL.Issues with other bags : Coach Bag - was n't functional . Felt like I was carrying a small suitcase around when I had the same amount of stuff with me as I have in this oneLand 's End - HAD to be shoulder carried . The straps were not long enough to use with the stroller . The Dr 's bag function was great but made it HEAVY . Might be good for day care when you need to load it but not carry it all day.Viv Pickle - strap was too thin for the size of the bag . Interior was too dark and stuff felt hidden . No zipper pocket inside or out . No place for cell phone or parent items .
 I did a lot of research on diaper bags when I was pregnant , and when I found the Skip Hop Dash , I knew I could stop looking ! It was everything I wanted - messenger bag , lots of pockets , perfect size , and a wide range of color choices . Because my husband and I would both be carrying the bag , we decided to get the Charcoal -LRB- if I had been getting it just for myself , I would have had a harder time choosing between the charcoal and the ice blue , but I think Charcoal was the better choice because it does n't show dirt ! -RRB- . We have been using the bag for 5 weeks now and I absolutely love it . There is honestly nothing I have found about the bag that I would change . It 's perfect for us !
 I have had this bag for over 2 years and it is still in great shape . I used it with my son and now with my newborn daughter . It is perfect for a day out , and I love that there are separate straps that attach to the stroller . You do n't have to use the separate straps on the stroller , my husband just shortens the straps and places the bag over the stroller handle .
 I bought this bag for its looks and it has n't disappointed . Looks great on our Baby Trends stroller and on my shoulder . I get unsolicited compliments so it 's not just me . I think it 's unisex , my husband disagrees -LRB- says it 's external pockets are puffy and therefore feminine -RRB- , but he carries it anyway and does n't seem to feel awkward.It has many many pockets which is a pro and also a con - almost too many for my addled brain . I carry
 Just enough space to hold the essentials ! Perfect size pockets ... things are easy to get to and easy to find . It can be a little difficult to get the changing pad in and out of the back pocket when the bag is full , but otherwise the best diaper bag I have had -LRB- and I 've had quite a few ! -RRB-
 I too looked long and hard to find the perfect bag to carry and decided on this one . I really love this bag . The mommy section in shallower than the rest of the bag so you do n't need to go digging around for keys and phone-genius ! Also had a hard time choosing color , but this does n't show dirt and is great for daddy , too.Really great product .
 and i 've bought about 8 . let me tell you - this is a bag my husband wo n't mind carrying , and it 's extremely well made . the quality is top notch . i 've had mine for 2 years and it 's still like new . i love how it attaches to the stroller , and it makes a great messenger bag . when my child is too old . i 'll keep using it as a personal bag !
 I use this bag as a purse/diaper bag combo on all of my daily errands . I carry several diapers , wipes , disposable changing pads a blanket , burp cloths a change of clothes , and a couple of small toys , plus my wallet , keys , phone and lip balm . If you like to have every single thing you might possibly need in your bag at all times , this is not for you . If you are looking for something that does n't scream `` diaper bag '' to carry the basics , this will be perfect ! Also , I attach the bag to my stroller all of the time and it is quick and easy and keeps all of your stuff accessible .
 I love this diaper bag ! especially because of its design and all the pockets !! I also love the color.I have about 4 diaper bags and I never use the other ones because they never seem to have enough room and things get lost inside . I love this diaper bag because it has many sections inside so you can seperate all your items . Very nice bag !!!! and doesnt even look like a diaper bag ! I also love it because I can easily clip it on to the stroller and my husband doesnt mind carrying it .
 With twins coming in February , I wanted to give my husband a baby-related gift this Christmas . This camo Skip Hop bag was the perfect gift . It 's masculine and functional . My husband is very happy he wo n't have to carry around a girly diaper bag once the twins arrive .
 If you took all the good things about all the other kid-carrying backpacks and put them into one pack , it would be this one . I spent so very many hours researching these things before we made the big purchase . We live in Salt Lake , a hiker 's paradise , and these backpacks are no small decision -- comfort is a big deal and so is convenience . In all of my product research , I could n't find another pack that has all the features that were important to me
 I bought this backpack when my daughter became too big to front carry at 8 months old . I wanted something really comfortable for her and me , and with features like a sun/rain shade so we could get a lot of use out of it . After reading tons of reviews on various styles and brands - Ergo , Kelty , REI , etc , I chose this one . It was more than I had planned to spend but has been well worth it . What sold me was how adjustable the pack is for the wearer - I 'm 5 ' 2 '' with a short torso , and I wanted a really good fit for me , but the ability to easily adjust it for my husband to use , as well . Also , some other styles do n't have as comfortable of a seat for the child - this one is wider , easy to adjust , and even with the shade , my daughter has a great view . Other positives
 This backpack replaced a used EvenFlo we had that had started to break . We were getting ready to backpack through Turkey with our 15 month old , and needed something reliable , not too bulky and able to carry a few baby items.This is it !!!! We could not be happier with the Kid Comfort II . Our son LOVES it , he is very comfortable in it , and it is trustworthy enough to set it down with a sleeping baby in it.I wished that every family trying to wield a stroller in hiking areas would be so fortunate to have a Deuter.Great quality , I know it will last for many children and very worth the cost . The other one we had did n't last a whole year and was becoming very unsafe.We used it hiking on mountains , and in very crowded streets - never with a problem . It can also pair as a high-chair in a restaurant.We got the Sun and Rain Cover as well , and it was very helpful on our hot day hikes.I highly recommend this product !!! -LRB- I joke that it is like showing a dog a leash , if our son sees the backpack he tries to climb in it and says , `` Go ! Go !! '' Needless to say , he recommends it as well . : -RRB-
 My toddler started to really dislike her stroller . Being low to the ground upset her , because she wanted to be up so she could see everything . She is quite heavy now , so carrying her for any long period of time was exhausting . This backpack is perfect . She can see everyone and happily rides along . The last time I took her out of it recently , she actually got upset and wanted back in . The storage underneath the seat is HUGE . I was able to fit diapers , her feeding gear , my wallet , etc. with room to spare . The backpack itself fits snuggly too ; both on the parent and around the child . I had ZERO fear that she would fall out of the harness or that it would come detached . Five stars for sure ! I 'd recommend this product to anyone . Be prepared for a leg workout though .
 We bought this product knowing it was going to be an expensive investment . Let me say , it was worth EVERY PENNY!So far , we have found no flaws with the new design and our son loves to ride in it.The only negative is that if they fall asleep , you have to prop their little heads up or they just flop around and look uncomfortable ! This is n't due to a design flaw , just that if you have a sleepy kiddo , be prepared to prop their sweet lil head up with a small pillow or we used a jacket in a pinch!Awesome backpack . Love the storage . Easy to get on and off . My husband has no problem carrying our son who is about 28 pounds .
 This is a great backpack in many ways but I think the best feature is how easy it is to adjust for different heights . My husband is 6 ' 3 '' while I 'm 5 ' 8 '' , and the adjustment system on this backpack is so easy that we can easily trade back and forth . We also liked that you can fully open up the sides so that it 's easy to get the baby out - you are n't pulling and tugging them up - you can just slide them out the side . The lumbar support is great , and it seemed much more lightweight than the Kelty and Sherpani packs we 'd tried.We went with the Kid Comfort II instead of the III , because the III is very tall in the back , too high for our needs , and we did n't feel like we needed so many bells and whistles . We got this for weekend hikes but I also use it most days to exercise on our incline trainer or just doing housework . I have a previous back injury and this is very comfortable for me.We purchased the sunshade separately as our child will not keep a hat on , and it 's nicely constructed and a cinch to attach . I agree with other reviews that it would be nice if it were easier to store inside the backpack . I found that I CAN stuff it in the bottom compartment but I think it 's just as easy to keep it on - it 's not as if it adds a lot of weight or is in the child 's face.There 's quite a bit of storage on this pack , and a place where you can slip in a water bladder . I can easily get it on and off by myself by using a bed or the couch .
 We purchased this backpack carrier for a recent trip to California where we were going to be doing some hiking at Yosemite and Muir Woods among other places . Our son is 3 1/2 and weighs about 40lbs , so we was skeptical that he would fit comfortably in a carrier and not be hard to carry . This backpack did not disappoint !! Both my Husband and I were both able to comfortably carry him during the hikes when he got tired of running around . He fit in really securely and the only thing that I wish is that we had discovered this backpack sooner !!
 I 've been using this backpack for my 18 month old for about a year now and have NO regrets with this purchase . I spent hours researching and comparing this pack with the Kelty transit carrier and the full size Kelty and decided on this for several reasons :1 -RRB- It looked like a kid would sleep easier in this than the transit . This seems to be true . My daughter crashes out in a fairly comfortable position almost everytime . Friends w the transit carrier have complained that their kids wo n't sleep in it and if they do their heads end us at a 90 degree angle from their shoulders .2 -RRB- It is smaller than the full kelty . The full size kelty just seemed like more than we needed . This is lighter and more compact while providing more back support than the transit .3 -RRB- Easiest to use . Out of the three I had the easiest time putting this on myself . At 5 ' 5 '' I 'm not huge to to be able to be comfortable using this alone was huge . The stand is very sturdy .4 -RRB- Most comfortable for baby . The seat for the baby is more like a bench in this , or a traditional chair while the kelty is a saddle style . Personally I 'm more comfortable in a chair than on a bike seat so I like this design feature.Design features I wish it had that Kelty does :1 -RRB- the zip adjustable back seems a bit easier than the velcro , but not a big deal2 -RRB- wish the sun shade had a better storage spotThat 's it ! love love this pack , just wish it was a bit cheaper but its worth it!Update : My daughter is now 22 mos , 26 pounds and I can still carry her comfortably for hours . I have to be careful to not get the pack out until we are ready to go or she throws a fit that we do n't head off fast enough . She love love loves this pack ! I also feel very justified in my decision every time she naps in it . She can snooze very well in this which extends our outing by quite a bit . My husband , who is 6 ' 170 loves it too .
 My husband and I originally bought the Sherpani Rumba and returned it to get the Deuter Kid Comfort II.PROS : * The padding is fantastic - both for the child and the adult . Super cushy . * The storage compartments are very roomy and allow for everything you would need for a quick trip to the farmer 's market or an all-day hike . * The base stand is incredibly sturdy and comes with a lock feature that keeps it from accidentally closing when you are loading/unloading your child . * The hip straps are comfortable and allow extra distribution of weight * The child seat is adjustable so you can use it for younger or older children -LRB- provided that they can hold themselves up in a seated position -RRB- ; Plus the chin guard allows them to lean forward if they fall asleep and not rest their chin on something hard . It nice and soft * The height at which your child sits allows them to easily view the world -LRB- not too high that it looks ridiculous and not too low that the child ca n't see what 's going on -RRB- * The 5-point harness ensures that your child is safe and secure in the seat and the side load is a great feature to allow easy in and easy outCONS : * It does n't come with a rain/sun cover . You can purchase this as an option however and we highly recommend it . The rain cover is particularly useful when walking through areas where there is brush also because it has a clear cover on the sides . * It 's not as light as some other carriers . It 's not super heavy , just not super light either.Overall , we absolutely recommend it . Great product !
 I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and very slight of frame and I have no trouble at all packing our 20 lb nine month old -LRB- along with the contents of my diaper bag - this pack is not light on storage space -RRB- in the Kid Comfort II . It does exactly what a good pack is supposed to do
 It is very comfortable for the kid as well as for the dad -LRB- or mom -RRB- . It has a lot of ajustment and a reasonnable amount of storage . I also recomment the sun and rain cover and the raincover deluxe which completely protects the kid if you are surprised by a rainstorm .
 After much consideration between the Kelty and Deuter Kid Comfort II , we decided to get the Deuter . A few reviews I 've read had mentioned the zippers were a bit sticky , and I 'd agree
 We decided on this ATS stroller for our almost 3 year old for the same reasons as another review stated ... for trips to Disney and other theme parks . Our daughter is almost 40 lbs and much too big for the average stroller anymore but too young to walk around all day long at the parks . This one has a weight limit much higher than most strollers that we looked at . If we were going to buy a stoller at this stage , we wanted it to last more than just another 10lbs or so . Our daughter is also tall and this fits her just fine . There is plenty of room for her and the seats are very comfortable . The shocks make for a very smooth ride.I love how it is so easy to use , even at the mall through the narrow isles . It 's super easy to fold and has a strap to carry or lift it . Someone mentioned the lack of a snack tray but we bought the addition and use it when necessary . It just snaps on and off so you can use it when you want . We even bought the rain canopy for it too.The canopy extends to cover more of the child compared to other strollers . On hot FL days , this is a must-have . There are air vents all around it and the viewing windows can be covered to block out the sun.We also have not had any problems with the brakes . Everything works GREAT and we could not be happier ! Definitely worth the money !!
 Great stroller for outside adventures . I live on a 92 acre farm and take my five month old daughter everywhere on the property in this stroller . The quality is great and it is extremely easy to push on all types of terrain . The shock system is great and makes for such a smooth ride . We have been through all types of rolling fields with ease . If the wheels get dirty , they are easily removed to be rinsed clean . The shade hood is nice with two viewing areas to keep an eye on the little one . Also , it has vents for additional air flow during the hot months . We use this stoller every day and have not had a single problem . My daughter and I love it !
 When my daughter turned 3 we wanted a ore comfy stroller for her to ride in , especially for days at Disney etc. . I debated over this one and the BOB . Went with this one because it could seat a taller child better . this is the best stroller I have used in terms of kid comfort and easiest to push . I am not sure it would be as great for a younger kid because of no snack tray and a baby might ` swim ' in the big seat but for older kids it is the best . I couldnt be happier !!! Storage and drink holders are great too , and I have never has trouble with the brakes !
 We researched many joggers and we are so happy with our choice.Our son is very comfortable and it is just the right height for us .
 This bassinet looks amazing and is very cute . Set up was simple as long as you follow the directions . The t-nuts that hold the bottom screws in place can easily pop out of the frame due to the extremely small size . I also thought the curtain should go forward more towards the front of the bassinet , but that is just a matter of preference . Overall , I believe this makes a great addition to a nursery and can be passed down as an heirloom . Great for anyone looking to spoil their baby .
 This baby bed . Is so beautiful . Everyone who see it say '' that bed is so beautiful ! This bed is fit fir royalty .
 I LOVE THESE BECAUSE THEY GET SOFTER WITH EACH WASH , WE USE THEM IN THE HOUSE AND IN THE DIAPER BAGS . VERY WATERPROOF , SO FAR NO ACCIDENTS SINCE USINGS THESE ! SIZE IS GOOD FOR TRAVEL .
 I purchased this as a baby shower gift for a second baby and the expecting mom commented how she wished she had gotten one of these for her first child ! Great gift and a great way to mark a child 's birth and birthdays . Very good quality .
 I gave this to my older sister and she really LOVED it . I thought it was a really great idea . she has n't used them yet but when she does i will defiantly up date this review
 Perfect gift for grandchildren upon arrival and something just a bit unique to give at baby showers , christenings , or birthday-my daughter loved it .
 This makes a wonderful gift . An easy , compact memory to cherish . Love the colorful tins ! Good value for the money
 I though it would be a little larger , but we 're talking about baby hands . I guess that did n't register . Lol Bought it as a Christmas gift for my sister in law ... She will love it .
 The item is a cute gift but was smaller than I thought . My grandson is 5 months old but quite large . I hope his hand fits . I will buy another for my other daughter when her baby is born though .
 I was given one for my newborn and wish I had this when my oldest was younger then 1 too . Super easy to use and a great keepsake
 I gave this a 5 star rating because this is such a unique baby gift to give , and one that will bring back memories in the years to come .
 My favorite gift for a baby shower or newborn gift . It may not be the most useful gift , but it provides an endearing memory item .
 Great to have , tin is cute , we have these for both our daughters and think it is a cute keepsake of their little hands . Easy to use .
 My daughter and son-in-law just had a new baby and also have four - and five-year olds . The older children each have a set of the Child to Cherish Handprints Tower of Time , and my daughter requested a set for the new baby . The four - and five-year olds love to get out their handprint sets and look at them , comparing their hand sizes now with the earlier ones . They consider their sets to be `` treasures . `` I have not seen the actual process of making the handprints , but apparently it is not difficult and the children look forward to it.I highly recommend this set as a great gift for new parents .
 I purchased this for a friend for her daughter 's first birthday . She loved it , especially since it was a project she and her daughter could do together and it was n't another toy !
 We 're every happy with the company and the product . We were kept abreast at every step in the process - a nice touch and wonderful customer service ! In the final product we can see the `` negative image '' on the reverse side . This means it is obviously woven - as opposed to transferring the image to the cloth . The image came out surprisingly clear . Very happy all around
 This is a unique gift for kid 's parents . The design looks nice . Heavy thought . They can have cute memories of their children when they grew . Hopefully , the handprints last forever once it is printed . That part , I will have to let you know in 10 yrs , I guess .
 I always give this item as a baby gift . It is a one of a kind keepsake that I know they will not receive from anyone else . I highly recommend it . Use it for 5 years !
 I bought this for a shower gift . It was unique and much appreciated by the Mom-to-be .
 I have purchased this gift over and over . The price on Amazon is the best and this is the type of gift that the family -LRB- and child -RRB- will keep forever , long after the cute little clothing gifts have been used and given away . Everyone is absolutely thrilled to receive this unique present !
 I bought this as a shower present for a woman who has everything . She seemed to really appreciated the sentiment and she did not already have it . The price was right too would definitely recommend .
 I thought this product worked great . It 's similiar to one I purchased several years ago for my oldest child . The 1st year print is the most difficult to get , but if you wait until the plaster has dried a little and firmed up a bit it 's much easier to get a print . You can also re-do the print several timed before it dries . It 's a precious keepsake to have-those first few handprints !
 A perfect baby or first birthday gift . I received two myself as gifts . I just finished one for my 5 year-old . The last handprint . : -LRB- Perfect packaging , fast shipping .
 I bought the girl versions for my daughters and just had to have the boy version for my sonLove them ! A fantastic way to remember those little handprints long after they have vanished off the walls and windows : -RRB-
 We have a tower for both of our children and we enjoy this nostalgic activity . The kit works exactly as described !
 We got this for our son 's first Christmas . We just did his 3 year old tin today and came here to find a new set for our daughter ! Other posts are right - it is a balance of putting their hand in -LRB- and rinsing -RRB- and putting their hand in -LRB- and rinsing -RRB- until the plaster is at just the right firmness to hold a print . If you are looking for something `` PERFECT '' this probably is n't for you . It 's not the fault of the product , simply this is a hard thing to get a child to cooperate with . We 've always had fairly good success and I do n't mind that the prints are n't `` perfect '' - they are made my him at each age , and meant to reflect his size and nature at that time ... clearly our two year old one was a little messy ! I would recommend starting with a little less than the 1/4 cup of water ... and definately do n't bother trying an impression `` right away '' as they say - it takes at least 30 seconds to start firming at all and then it 's probably too firm within 4-5 minutes ... so you have a couple minutes to keep retrying ... just smack the tin on the countertop to clear the previous mold and start over !
 This is great to have -- my four year old now marvels at the fact that his hand once was so small . It 's a great present but may be a better gift for parents who likes to stay on top of things . It turns out to be a waste when parents forget to do it every year .
 I was looking all over for a way to make my daughter 's handprint in a way that would be easy to keep . My friend found this for me and I love it . I am going to get one for my neice for her 1st bithday . I did n't find the plaster hard to work with at all . I did use all of the mix , and it was n't sticky for me . I had to redo the imprint a few times because she would n't lay her hand flat . All I had to do was tap the tin on the counter and the plaster smoothed out . I think it will be fun for her to look back at how much her little hand changed over the course of 5 years .
 Awesome !!!!!! Makes a great gift too . I have given four of them now and we loved ours . Do buy!Yay
 Super fun gift for your baby or a friend 's . Tins stack nicely and display very well . They are sturdy and cute ! What a fun way to capture their hand prints as they grow year by year ... much easier than trying to mix your own plaster year after year . Be sure to follow the instructions carefully and give the plaster enough time to set up .
 This was a fun way to do handprints of my boys -LRB- and a footprint -RRB- of the baby too . I decided to not use it sequentially -LRB- one for each year -RRB- , but something for each kid instead -LRB- ages newborn , 2 , & 5 -RRB- . Unlike what some of the others have said , the kit works just fine . You need to follow the directions and make sure that the consistency of the plaster is good before doing the handprints . We had some trial & error with this , but just like the directions said , if it 's too wet you can just tap the imprint out . We got three good impressions ! Very cute!The only thing that I wish was different is that they would have included a metal hook on the back of the tins for an option to hang the tins up on the wall if you 'd like to display them !
 I think this product would make a great gift for a new mom . I used it for my boys who are headed off to preschool to document back to school season . I used it twice , the first time the consistency and handprint did n't turn out that well but the second time it turned out great . I would suggest starting off with less water than are in the directions because you can always add more . See my review on my blog
 I received the blue kit for a review . That review can be found at
 This is such a sweet gift idea for anyone having a baby . I so wish this was around when my children were little ! I purchased this for my cousin for her third child and I know that she is going to LOVE it ! The tins are so adorable and I love the concept !
 I was given one of these hand print towers for my first born . When my second came along , I needed another & did n't have a clue where to find one . The cheapest I found were on Amazon.com & I love them ! They are a must have for each of your children !
 I think this is such a great gift for new parents - whether they be employees , friends or family this is really something they will cherish forever . I got this for my friend 's first born and she actually asked me to get it for her new baby due this month . I used to get this for employees that had children as a small gift from the company and everyone thought it was a wonderfully unique gift . Highly recommend ! : D
 This is a great gift I got for my wife for christmas . This is a great easy way to get those keepsakes of your child growing up . She loved it . One thing I would like to put out there for ideas is to give one tin each year for mothers day . She would love it , you just may get into trouble once the 5 years in this set run out .
 We bought this gift for our new nephew for christmas . The whole family loves this idea of making a hand print every year as the child grows.Great idea & well worth the money !
 I bought one of these years ago at a children 's boutique for my nephew . I could n't find another one anywhere for my neice . Finally I located the tower here . Thanks .
 This had become my best baby shower gift ever . It is smaller than you might expect , but after looking at it closer you will realize it is the perfect size and truly will be a treasured keepsake . I usually add something else to this gift for the baby and also tell the mother-to-be that it does n't have to be years 1 thru 5 but whatever stages of growth they would like to capture , such as new-born , then years 1 , 5 -LRB- starting school , 10 -LRB- double digits -RRB- 13 -LRB- becoming a teen -RRB- .
 I think this is such a neat idea ! I received it as a baby shower gift and then I gave one as a baby shower gift ! It was such a huge hit ! I am happy I will be able to capure those memories with my son forever .
 The stacking container is really cute , but it was slightly more difficult than I thought it should have been to get a decent handprint out of it . Also , maybe I did n't read the product description closely enough but the smallest size says `` 1 year '' on it , and I was hoping to use it when my daughter was younger -LRB- in fact , I did use it when she was 9 months because her hand was barely big enough to fit in the `` 1 year '' container at the time -RRB- . I wish that instead there had been a label for the parent to write the date/age of child when the handprint was taken , instead of being prelabeled with 1 year 2 year and so on .
 This is wnoderful gift for a new born babies gift . I have bought one of these every time my nieces have a baby . And I just purchased 2 more for my daughter who is having twins . The kids will cherish their tiny handprints when they get older and have something to look back at .
 This was purchased for my first `` great-niece '' and I wish I had done this with myonly child ! Something that will catch at anyone 's heartstrings !
 This was a hit as a Christening gift . Whether it gets used for the intended five years remains to be seen .
 I love these handprint towers and this is my token gift for a shower or a first birthday . What a great momento to cherish .
 Such a great keepsake idea ! Being able to duplicate my daughter 's little handprint for her first 5 years is wonderful and will definitely be something I can look back on and also share with her when she 's older . I only give it 4 stars because I found the plaster to be very difficult to work with . I knew going into it it 'd be messy but trying to get a good handprint took a LONG time . The instructions say once you pour the plaster into the tin to immediately attempt an imprint ... good luck with that ! I did n't even use all the plaster -LRB- per a recommendation in the directions -RRB- and it was still a very sticky consistency . I tried several times to imprint my daughter 's hand but each time I pulled her hand away , the mixture came with it and I was left with a horrible elevated blob . Ready to give up , and tired of pushing her little hand into the mess over and over , then washing her hand over and over , I ended up just letting the plaster-filled tin sit on the counter for about 20 minutes until it got firmer , almost like a damp clay . I pressed her hand in for one last attempt and it actually came out really nice ! At least I 'll know what to expect when she turns 2 and we do it all over again . I would recommend this to everyone , but just be aware what you 're in for especially if you 've never worked with plaster before .
 I received the first set as a baby shower gift for my boy - some 5 years ago now . Bought a second one for my second son - one year left to do . Grandma jumped right in and bought this for my daughter who is turning one soon . The process is simple enough . I did find at first it took several tries to get the consistency correct , but was easy enough to fix . The biggest challenge came with getting the toddlers to coorperate ... found those couple of years , with some help , naptime was a good time to make the handprints . My boys would sleep right through the `` procedure '' ...
 You definately need to let the plaster set up a bit so that it 's easier to work with , especially with the one year olds , they tend to want to grab the plaster instead of laying their hands flat . But the tins stack very nicely and have a place in the lid to put the childs name and date .
 We have one for each child . They are fun to go back and look at . Relatively easy to do -LRB- we use Pam to make the kids hands not stick before the impression -RRB- .
 This product worked well for me , however the directions that come with the tin are wrong . It says to add 1/4 cup of water and stir for the first tin . It should say add 1/8 cup water and stir ! The first tin is so tiny , 1/4 cup of water turns the plaster into soup ! I ended up having to take some plaster powder from the 2nd year tin in order to get it the right consistency ! The finished product turned out well though and overall I 'm happy with it.A tip
 I have bought these for all 5 of my great-grandchildren . Their parents are thrilled and look forward to every birthdays new hand print . It makes for permanent , special memories
 This is a thin stretchy soft mattress pad that really is waterproof . I 've had no leak-through even with toddler accidents . It does not crackle and is n't hot . I really like it and wish it came in larger sizes .
 Attached this to my BOB stroller and it fits great . Has all the pockets I need and was 1/2 the price of the other options I looked at . Super easy to put on as well .
 I did n't realize how much I needed this until I got it ! Now I do n't know how I ever survived without it ! Works perfectly with my Bugaboo Bee - you just have to put one strap on the top and the other on the side ... . I was a little worried about the Jolly Jumper name displayed on the center ~ it is there , but it is in white lettering so it is not a pronounced as in the photo . Perfect for a bottle for baby and a bottle of water or cup of coffee for mom . The center zip pocket is plenty big and there are three outer pockets for your cell phone and ipod to be easily accessible . Overall great product for the money .
 We purchased this product for our Bugaboo stroller after reading the good reviews . The product fits quite well , it is n't as loose as what other reviewers say it is . I like that it has a small pocket , where I put my cell phone , then a zipped pocket for my wallet . The cup holders are tiled , so you ca n't put a full cup of coffee in there , it may spill , but anything bottled wil be fine . I like that it does n't stick out , so when we fold the stroller it 's easy .
 this is by far the best add on accessory for higher end strollers . for some reason , most high end strollers do not come w / parent bars , why the cheap strollers all do but not the better , more stylish -LRB- so more expensive -RRB- ones dont i have no idea . i used this on my Maxi-Cozi Foray & it saved the stroller for me - i was about to get rid of it because it has almost no easily accessable storage space . the handle bar was angled at about 45 degrees which means the storage caddy was too but after a little fiddiling it got it to be relaivley level & was very secure/stable . i never spilled my starbucks - who would stroll w / out a capped cup i have no clue . the caddy holds everything
 This thing is perfect - it attaches easily , holds 2 water bottles or sippy cups , plus has an extra pocket in the middle for kleenex , keys , whatever little things you need ! It fits my UppaBaby Vista and does not take up much room or add weight . Great price , too . I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I have an UPPAbaby Vista as well and have never had a problem with this , I love it ! It fits my SIGG water bottles which are pretty fat -LRB- do n't think it would fit a nalgene , but so what , cap it and throw it in the stroller basket -RRB- . It beats the ridiculous one that UV sells for the strollers . The zipper pocket is great because I can keep stuff like anticbac gel , tissues , etc. . Even with the 45 degree angle , you just have to loosen and balance the caddy so that it 's level . People ask me all the time about this caddy -LRB- esp fellow UV owners -RRB- ... get it , for 14 bucks it 's been fabulous .
 I bought this for my Phil & Ted ; 's Dash stroller . It fits great on the handle bar and I love the zippered pocket and front pocket -LRB- where I put my cell phone -RRB- . I was also pleasantly surprised that the `` Jolly Jumper '' logo is actually white embroidery , not the bright colors shown in the picture.One draw back -LRB- not of the actual product , but of it fitting on the Dash stroller -RRB- is that when you put the Dash brake on you have to tilt the handle bar down , so a coffee cup or drink without a tight lid would spill .
 Works better than the optional caddy from UPPAbaby but does n't fit perfectly . It is a little too big for the space on the UPPAbaby stroller that I have . Still functions fine but sags a little , not tight like you see in the picture . still much more useful than not having it . Would give it a 4.5 stars if that was an option .
 The quality of the product seemed to be great , but I will be returning it because it did n't even come close to fitting on the handlebars of my BOB Duallie . Maybe I just did n't read other reviews closely enough - I read at least a handful of them & did n't see it mentioned anywhere that this caddy is for SINGLE width strollers only . Bummer - I guess I 'm stuck buying the twice-as-expensive BOB version , since Jolly Jumper does n't seem to make a double stroller version . Just wanted to make others aware !
 If you own an Uppa Baby Vista stroller then do not bother buying or using the cup holder that is made for or comes with it . The Vista cup holder is expensive , flimsy , it sticks out awkwardly and it can come loose too easily -LRB- especially when folding or unfolding -RRB- . Buy the Jolly Jumper instead . It is half the price , it holds two cups and has extra space to store other stuff . It sits nocely out of the way between the handlebars instead of sticking out . And whereas the cup holder from the vista is just for cups -LRB- since it is just a bunch chains with a plastic bottom -RRB- this can be used for sticking anything in there -LRB- since it is a closed pouch -RRB- . I thought the angle of the handlebars would be a problem , but if you tighten the straps correctly it comes out pretty level and your cup of coffee is safe .
 I have a Bob stroller which I love , but I did n't want to spend $ 20 on the Bob stroller caddy , so I bought this one instead for $ 10 less and it 's PERFECT ! It also has a small side pocket for your Ipod , phone , wallet etc. that the Bob version does not have . The one draw back is that the Jolly Jumper is dark blue and does not match the black stroller handles of the Bob , but who cares .
 Love this !!! Works awesome on the Bob Revolution handlebar . It has a great zipper pocket for storage that fits snacks , my wallet , cell phone , sippy cup , drink for myself , etc. . Perfect for strolling around a the zoo ! Also the one I recieved was black with grey writing . Matches my black stroller perfect .
 This is a great alternative to the more expensive BOB accessory . It works perfectly & except for the name looks exactly like the BOB 's stroller caddy . And it has more storage too ! If you need the name brand after you 've already spent $ 400 for a stroller then do n't get this , but if you want a better , less expensive product then the jolly jumper caddy is the way to go
 I have the Phil & Teds Explorer and this is so much better than the Phil and Teds Hangbag . My friend has a BOB stroller with the BOB bag and this looks identical but is about 1/2 the price . The pockets are deep so things like water bottles wo n't fall over or out . I would n't use it with open drinks but I hav n't found any stroller cup holder to be good for this . My handlebar adjust so I can make mine level but you can adjust the rear straps to make it level if you handlebars do n't adjust . I like the zipped pocket because it keeps your keys secure our your camera out of site . The logo on mine was all a light gray . From this review you can see I highly recommend this item especially if you have a Phil & Teds .
 I purchased this because my baby jogger summit XC does n't come with a parent tray . It fits perfectly on the handlebars and does n't interfere with the hand brake . It is a little difficult to find a water bottle that fits in the cup holder -LRB- a regular one , like poland springs , fits fine , but I had to try a couple reusable ones before I found one that fit -RRB- . I love the middle storage space . I originally used it for key , wallet and cell phone , but then figured out it fits my son 's handled sippy cup perfectly . Now I put my stuff in the front pocket and his sippy cup in the holder .
 I purchased this to work with a new umbrella stroller that did n't have anything for a mom 's organization needs . It is very straight-forward to install , but because of the tilt of the stroller handles , it does n't hold beverages upright , otherwise , it works well and has plenty of compartments .
 Did n't want to spend the $ $ on the BOB caddy . Therefore , I got this jolly jumper for $ 12.99 . It works great on the BOB Revolution Single Stroller !
 I use this on my uppababy vista , because at the time uppababy only had the weird chain link cupholder for their stroller . They 've since come out with a caddy that looks just like this that has their logo on it , but this works great and is way cheaper . The cupholders work really well for coffee to-go cups , water bottles , soda cans , whatever . They level out with no problem , even though my stroller handle bar is not level to the ground . It 's got a center zip pocket for a phone or wallet and a little open slidey pouch on the front . It velcros on nicely and stays out o the way when folding .
 This console fits perfect on the Baby Jogger XC Summit . I was worried the hand brake would be in the way , but it is not .
 We bought the new Graco jogging stroller and unfortunately it does not come with a parent tray which was disappointing , but this solved all our problems ! Works great and best of all , it stays in place !
 I bought this for my Phil and Ted 's explorer stroller and it works great . I originally bought the $ 20 phil and ted 's bottle holder . What a waste of money . This caddy fits everything you need and attaches great to the stroller and since it is collapsible you do n't have to worry about anything when folding the stroller up . I also like the zipper .
 This fits on the double city mini stroller and works but does not lay flat like the picture because of our handlebar . We like the middle zippered compartment which is great for keys , phone , etc. . The bottle holders are for small bottles so if you have a large recyclable water bottle , may not fit . Overall , think it 's a good value compared to others .
 This caddy has everything I needed/wanted in a caddy at a very affordable price ! It fits perfectly with my Phil and Teds explorer . The zippered pocket holds a lot more than I expected , keys , wallet , phone , random snacks . The cup holders will hold my 1 liter Sigg bottle snugly . I 'm sure this is not advertised , but I am also able to attach a tote bag onto the side by slipping the tote bag straps under the Velcro and reattaching the caddy straps . This allows for extra storage with the Phil and Teds , which can be limited when the doubles kit is in use . All in all , I would highly recommend this caddy as a durable , affordable , functional accessory to the Phil and Teds Explorer .
 Works great on the Phil & Teds Classic stroller ! The logo on mine is grey and understated . Fit my 16 oz Kleen Kanteen and my daughter 's sippy cup just fine !
 This is perfect for what you need . I bought this for the Baby Jogger Summit and it fits perfect . $ 11 and free 2day shipping ... love it .
 This was purchased specifically for a Phil and Ted 's as the stroller does n't come with any cup-holders . It was easy to put on the stroller and very easy to use . Love it . Highly recommend for anyone needing any cup-holders or addl . storage .
 I just got my stroller caddy today and was eager to try it . It works great with my Bumbleride Indie jogging stroller ! Since I 'm short -LRB- 4 ' 11 -RRB- , I adjust the handles so that it is horizontal and the caddy lays flat , however , it still works if you adjust the handles at a slight angle . I put a couple bottled waters in there , my phone , keys , etc. . It fits everything I need and seems very sturdy . I like that you do n't have to remove it in order to fold the stroller . So far so good !
 This caddy is a great addition to my Phil & Teds Explorer stroller . It fits easily on the handlebar , but the only thing I would `` complain '' about -LRB- it 's minor -RRB- is that it does n't stretch as tightly across the handlebar as the picture shows . There is some slack in the caddy even with the straps pulled as much as they can go , but it is a minor complaint . It is really convenient to have this for my water , snacks , keys , phone , etc. since the P&T does n't come with anything like it . Worth the purchase !
 I have the BoB Ironman stroller , and this works well with it . The only issue I have is that the brake line keeps me from being able to get it really tight .
 We have 2 strollers , a lightweight and a big one . This fits both ! Fast shipping as well . I am glad I did n't buy the cup holder because this is better and then some .
 Most of the reviews cover the basics , but I wanted to add that this also works for the Kolcraft Contours Options LT double stroller . I need something to hold my drinks , cell phone and keys during walks . This is perfect . I 've put 24oz reusable bottles in it and they hold it fine . I like that it has a zipper pouch so I can put my keys and a small wallet in there and for trips where I do n't need my purse . For this price it is worth it .
 Best item for stroller ever ! When my hubby surprise mewith a new stroller Iwas a really upset I didnt have anystorage room for my drink , keys , phone etc. ... This solved my problem !
 There are n't many cup options for the bugaboo and this one is awesome ! It holds 2 cups , has a zippered pouch for keys and stuff and slots for phones . It was way less downsize than a bugaboo cup holder and is way more versatile . The only negative is that it probably wo n't hold hot drinks since I wools be afraid they would spill .
 I love this little bottle holder organizer.I have quinny buzz and it perfect for it ! Fits 2 bottles and other stuff , really is a life saver ! Do not buy cup holder from quinny for the same price , go for this one !
 This is a great idea , and I loved it . It fit my City Mini Single stroller . However , after using it a few times the strap broke and I could n't attach it to the stroller .
 This works well on my Baby Jogger Summit for the fraction of the price of the Baby Jogger counsole . It stays secure and fits two bottled drinks snugly . The zipper compartment is nice for keys , cell phone , wallet , etc. . It does not get in the way of the handbrake at all . Great purchase !
 i have this caddy for my bugaboo , it is great , very sturdy , holds tons of stuff .
 I needed something to keep keys , drinks , cell phone , etc. . This does the job , without looking cheep . I saw some reviews that said theirs was navy - but mine is all black , and matches quite nicely with my Phil and Teds E3 . It 's velcrow is very sturdy , and I walk A LOT , and it 's never even budged . Happy I bought it : -RRB-
 This works great on our Phil & Teds Sport stroller & much cheaper than the BOB handlebar console .
 We have had many different strollers over the course of our 3 children . Ages 10 , 6 and newborn and we loved the features of the UPPaBaby Vista stroller EXCEPT it did not have a parent organizer . This was an awesome solution for the problem ! It adjusts very nicely to the stroller and it holds my husband and my coffee . My money in the zipper pouch and my cell phone in the external pocket ! It is a perfect solution . And very inexpensive .
 Looks and works just like the BOB one for half the price ... ca n't really go wrong . The only thing I have trouble with is coffee , if its full it tends to spill a little , but water bottles and other drinks work well in the cup holders .
 For $ 11 , it is perfect . Sad that such an expensive stroller -LRB- Phil & Ted -RRB- does n't come with a parent tray , but this does the job . Not the thickest canvas , but it seems to be fine thus far .
 I bought this to use with my Bumbleride Indie Twin stroller . I thought the price point on this organizer was much more reasonable than the parent pack that Bumbleride was offering . I think this totally does the job . It is a tad bit too long to fit between the bars on the Bumbleride but it still works beautifully . I regularly carry a large Camel Back water bottle , coffee cup and i-phone which fits perfectly in their respective compartments . Great organization for a great price !
 I 'm so glad I went with the Jolly Jumper instead of the BOB brand . It is half the price and fits on all 3 of our strollers . Awesome product , the middle zip section is perfect for my phone , keys , and wallet when we are walking . The cup holder even holds my Tervis Tumbler without spilling everywhere . I highly recommend this product , the only reason I bought it was from the reviews !
 I bought this for my Phil and Ted 's stroller , and like other reviewers said , it fits perfectly , and is very easy to attach ... and at a great price !
 I purchased this to work with a new umbrella stroller that did n't have anything for a mom 's organization needs . It is very straight-forward to install , but because of the tilt of the stroller handles , it does n't hold beverages upright , otherwise , it works well and has plenty of compartments .
 I got this for our BOB Revolution and it 's been put to really good use . It 's not bulky and does n't get in the way , and there 's just enough storage on it for the few items we like having in reach while using the jogger -LRB- keys , water , cell phone , etc -RRB- . It tightens up nice and snug and is pretty secure . The construction seems sturdy and it 's held up very well with daily use for a few weeks now . Time will tell , but it 's hard to go wrong with this for the price . I 'd definitely get another one ...
 Love it !!! I have BOB revolution stroller , and this is almost the exact same handlebar that BOB is selling , but for half the price ! I have seen the BOB handlebar , but for me this is even better , it has a little extra pocket that BOB does n't and the fabric feels nicer . Definitely would recommend getting this one instead of the BOB handlebar !
 We have a Phil and Ted 's jogging stroller and it did n't come with cup holders . The Jolly Jumper is an absolute life saver , especially when at the mall or at the amusement park ! The 2 cup holders can accomodate just about any cup size and the middle third compartment can serve as a 3rd cup holder ! Great affordable product - thanks Amazon !
 This Parent organizer is great . It holds bottles , sippy cups , water bottles , fountain drinks , etc. . I love the zipper pocket that holds my wallet and keys and there is a front pocket that holds my cell phone and other flat objects . Definitely served every purpose I was looking for !
 I do n't know why you 'd spend double on the Bob brand stroller cup holder when you can get this one ! It 's almost identical and has an extra pocket perfect for a cell phone . Love this !!
 Who would 've thought a $ 400 stroller does not come with a cup holder ? I 'm glad we got this one for almost half the price of the official BOB brand cup holder . The cup holders fit small to medium sized water bottles as well as my Tervis cups which I always use . There is mesh at the bottom which is great for condensation . The zippered section fits my phone and keys perfectly .
 This is the best caddy I came across ! It holds bottles of water , and coffee cups -LRB- hot and cold -RRB- without spilling . I love the zip pocket feature and there is even a space for your smart phone . It attaches easily as well . I would definitely recommend this caddy .
 It does not fit as well as in the pic but it does hold my water bottle , sun glasses and keys with no problem . And I can fold and unfold my Peg Perego P3 while it is on with no problem .
 I had purchased SEVERAL soft cup holders and none of them could attach properly . This is perfect ! It goes on easily and holds our drinks great ! The cup holder area is not real big or stretchy but it works for the plastic small water bottle size and slightly larger . I feel this deserves a five because for the price it does what I needed it to do . I know some have complained about the material being or looking cheap but all I say is well , it was only $ 12 ! so , if it was $ 25 and better material that would be fine too . It looks great on my black/gray FIT stroller . and functions great : -RRB- very happy !!!
 This stroller organizer is AWESOME ! I have room for baby 's bottle , my water , keys , cell phone , paci , toys and MORE ! Its just so helpful ! I use it on my Pliko P3 and it works perfectly fine . I 've seen peoples comments that it slides to an angle but I havent found that at all . Totally recommend this product !
 I have a graco stroller that had a cup holder on the outside of the handlebar and not only did it make fitting in the trunk difficut but I bumped into everything I passed . This organizer has allowed me to remove the annoying outer cup holder and use this convenient one ! It is wonderful to put my keys , phone , drink , etc all in the organizer and not have to dig through the diaper bag every 5 seconds . The only downside to this organizer is if your handle does n't adjust horizontally , like mine , it will be unlevel .
 I bought this caddy , not for a baby stroller , but for a shopping cart . I attend the country 's largest antiques show , which involves 12-hours of shopping acres of parking lot area , and expo buildings . I had a wheeled shopping cart to ease the process , but I needed something to hold a drink , my cellphone , notepad , camera , etc. . This stroller caddy worked perfectly , and fit on the shopping cart handles just as it would on a stroller . I had a half dozen people stop me to inquire where I found the cart , and they assumed the caddy was part of it . I explained , proudly , my ingenuity in putting the 2 pieces together for a convenient aid to my shopping !
 I bought this because its virtually indentical to the Tike Tech one , but half the price . I prefer it over the Sunshine Kids Buggy Buddy , because it has 2 more straps , so its more secure , and a covered , zippered compartment , instead of an open one . I 've put a water bottle & a 32 oz fountain soda in this holder without a problem . Plus , the compartment is great for holding keys , cell phone , MP3 player , etc. . And I do n't have to take it off to fold the stroller . Quality seems good , but I 've only had it a month . Seems like a great product , especially for the price .
 This stroller caddy is very useful . I throw everything on there . . my cell phone , keys , pacifiers and drinks of all sizes . It holds up pretty well . I have the phil and teds stroller and it fits just fine .
 This product is great ! I bought it to put on my old hand me down evenflo stroller . I love the additional pockets to put cell phone , keys , and sunglasses in . We took it to Sea World and it worked out great , easy access to our camera in the middle pocket . It held our drinks great ! Will not hold extra large cups or water bottles . Not a big deal to me . It was easy to install , just make sure the straps are tight and the holder rests at a level postion before tightening the straps . Would recommend to anyone who has an older stroller without cup holders .
 This item is perfect for any stroller ! Two cupholders are great and very sturdy holds everything from big water bottles to sippy cups and baby bottles to my coffee cups !! love the big zipper pocket in middle perfect for keys chapstick , and pacifiers ! and the small pockets perfect for my cell phone and wallet to be handy ! its a must have caddy !!
 I bought this caddy for my Bob Revolution SE and it works perfectly . I had it placed in no time and it holds my water bottle great when I run . In my opinion , this is the same caddy as the one made by Bob , but 2x cheaper . I would highly recommend this caddy .
 I love this organizer . I bought it for my BOB stroller -- why a $ 500 stroller does n't already have cup holders/pockets is another review . The price is great and was the main reason why I bought it instead of the one made specifically for BOB . The construction seems good so far . The zippered pouch is roomy -- I 'm able to fit a couple of toddler food pouches , my phone , and keys . The cup holders hold my water bottles , large cups , and my son 's various-sized sippy cups . There are also a few extra pockets , but I rarely use those . I 'd buy this again .
 This less expensive version of the Bob stroller caddy is perfect ! it fits everything you could need while out and about with the stroller . I am so glad I got this and did n't splurge on the &#34; brand name &#34; alternative . I highly recommend this product . No complaints .
 I bought this in lieu of the bob stroller 's official cup/caddy . It 's much much cheaper and works perfectly well . Smaller to go coffee cups are a little short for the cup holder , but I just stuff a napkin under the cup and it solves the problem . Love the center zippered area - makes me feel secure keeping my keys/phone in there while running .
 I bought this caddy for my uppababy vista stroller and it fits and looks perfectly . Very useful , sturdy , and looks good too . Definitely worth its price !
 This fits great and is going to work perfectly for holding my keys and phone and a drink or two as well as a pacifier etc. . The price was great and the quality seems very good . It sits on just the slightest angle but this will not compromise it 's function at all . The writing on the middle zipper is in grey so much more subtle than the picture . I would totally recommend this as it is so functional and handy
 I purchased this to use with a Graco stroller that has neither infant tray or parent cup holder . Item arrived today and I tried it out with things I 'd typically place in a cup holder . Caddy blends in with the stroller and will be able to hold all the small items I 'd like within arms reach . I like the zippered compartment as well as the outside slot pockets where I can rest my cell phone and I pod . At first I was looking for something plastic thinking it 'll be more sturdy , but I like the fabric as it does not add adittional bulk and will not interfere with folding . I also dont mind that company 's name is on it . Cant be the price or the free shipping ! Thanks again Amazon !
 I use this on my uppa baby vista and it works great . you really do have to position it correctly and do n't expect to be able to lay your baby all the way down to the lowest angle , but other than that , it keeps drinks and other misc . stuff at my reach , so I am happy with it .
 The picture shows a very snug fit . Maybe for other strollers , but not for the BOB . It does the job , but it 's definitely very flimsy . However , the top pouch closes with a zipper so I 'm not worried about losing anything . And for the price , I ca n't really complain as opposed to the alternative which was double . So I would say , good , but not as illustrated in the photo .
 Pretty good item , especially for the price . Love that it has two spots for drinks / bottles and the zipper .
 I was looking for a stroller caddy for my UppaBaby Vista . The ones made by UppaBaby are much more expensive , and have less pocket space . This looked like a good alternative . My only concern was fit but the velcro straps are long , so it is quite adjustable for width . My only complaint about the fit on the Vista , is that the caddy has to be attached quite high up in order for the base to collapse down . If you do n't collapse the base often , then you could lower the caddy with no issue . However , this is not an issue of the caddy itself ... but more a matter of how it fits the Vista , so it did n't impact my rating.I like that the zippered pocket is deep enough for keys , or even a wallet . The cup holders are deep , and securely hold my tall water bottle without it tipping forward . And the open pockets are the right size for my iPhone . Mine is slightly different from the picture ; the Jolly Jumper logo on mine is grey -LRB- not colored -RRB- which I actually prefer anyways.I think this is a great , inexpensive alternative to UppaBaby 's caddy , and I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 same style as the BOB versions , but cheaper . i dont know why we didnt purchase earlier because it makes life easier .
 I use this stroller caddy on my Uppababy Vista . So far , I 've had it out on about a dozen walks and it works great . I heard that the Uppababy brand parent organizer was not very useful and prone to tipping . This one is great -- two deep drink pockets , a zippered pocket for phone/wallet/keys , and another small slot . It attaches securely and need not be removed to fold the stroller . Very happy overall !
 This worked great on our BOB and was half the price . Well built , literally looks like the &#34; BOB &#34; one but different embroidery .
 This parent organizer can hold two big bottle really good . I like it a lot . It has space for one or 2 diapers , small amount of wipe , phone , key . The phil and Ted accessory is so expensive , so I choose this one instead , and it looks really cool on my verve .
 This is a perfect caddy . Fits my BOB CE . The cup holders do not fit an extra large cup , but will fit normal size cups .
 This fits perfectly on my Phil & Ted Explorer Stoller . I bought it so we would have cup holders and it 's perfect . I love the zipper cubbie too !
 This works great with our bob stroller . . And was much less expensive than the bob brand stroller caddy . I would recommend this product
 I bought this for my BOB stroller , which for all it 's conveniences , does not have much storage . It has been perfect for drinks , although the cup holders can be a little small for larger water bottles.When this is the case , we just put the larger water bottle in the center pouch , and voila , problem solved!The center zipper pocket works great for keys , wallet , phone , or all of the above.The caddy secures tightly and i do n't see it ripping anytime soon.price was reasonable compared to the alternatives .
 I purchased this because it said it works with Phil & Ted 's Dash . I was not thrilled that the label looks blue and orange but the price seemed better and the reviews were good . When it arrived , the lettering on the top is in grey ! That makes this product even better !!! It fits perfectly on my Phil and Ted 's too !
 Length :
 I have a Phil & Ted stroller and of course this $ 500 stroller comes with no cup holders . This Jolly Jumper Stroller Caddy is the answer . Once you get it where you want it you do n't have to worry about it . It holds my drinks and my son 's cup -LRB- which is nice cause his cups do n't fit in any other cup holders because its wide on the bottom -RRB- . This is a cheap alternative for any stroller that is in need of a cup holder . And the zipper pocket is perfect for keys or anything small . Love it !
 I have a BOB Revolution Stoller , and this fits perfectly . Such a great savings , half the price of the one made by BOB !
 This Jolly Jumper Stroller Caddy is exactly like the BOB one ! I bought it for my BOB stroller and it 's perfect ! The only difference is that it says `` Jolly Jumper '' in grey stitching rather than BOB . Who really cares ? It totally does the job for a portion of the price ; love it !
 I use this on my Bugaboo Cameleon . This caddy is great ! It fits most drinks and sippy cups plus it has a zippered storage in the middle for my keys , cell phone etc. . It works and looks wonderful ! Very sleek . You also do n't have to remove it when you put your stroller up . And it does n't stick out like most cupholders do , snagging everything it goes by . Its black and matches the stroller perfectly !
 I got this for my sister b/c she needed one for her joovy stroller and wanted the joovy one ... this one was similar to the brand name one but way inexpensive . She said she actually liked it better than the real thing ... more storage !!!
 The Jolly Jumper caddy is almost identical to the Bob single caddy except it has an extra pocket for stuff - you can see it , towards the back - would be good for pens , membership cards , things like that - and the straps are longer . I guess the longer straps would allow you more flexibility in what stroller you attach it to but they are super long and kind of sloppy looking on a Bob single . Assuming you do n't plan to use it on anything else you could trim them . It 's not a huge issue . At half the price for a better item , it 's a good deal . You do n't get the Bob logo but personally I went with the JJ one because I think Bob is getting too much money already nickel and diming for add-ons so that 's a plus to me . The one I received had a gray logo , not multi-colored - otherwise it is as pictured . I would have liked the multi-colored style but oh well . It works.The only drawback to this caddy is it will not work on all strollers - it wo n't work on more upright ones , you need a sort of flat area - but if it works , it 's wonderful.edit to add this works awesomely on the B-ready . And it 's much cheaper than the one Britax is releasing . Imagine that . : - -RRB-
 I ca n't really compare it to other stroller caddies because this is the only one I 've tried . It works perfectly and fits great in my Baby Jogger City stroller . Only drawback is it only fits standard bottles or water bottles , nothing larger or wider . The zipper pocket is perfect for keys , phone , or other little stuff .
 This Product was received on estimated day , fit my stroller perfectly , held my cell phone in the pouch with room to spare in zip pocket and another pouch . and my 16oz freezable coffee cup fits in it . happy with this buy , totally recommend .
 I purchased this as an alternative to the Uppababy brand stroller caddy and cupholder for use on my Uppababy Vista purchased in 2011 -LRB- older model -RRB- and I could n't be happier . Perfect amount of storage for when my wife and I go on walks with the baby . We each get a cup holder , there 's plenty of room for each of our smartphones and our keys as well . The caddy does mount at an angle due to the angulation of the stroller handles , but the cupholders straighten out when you put your drinks in . With the stroller folded up , it does n't get in the way either.With this item , I do n't see the need to spend 2 or 3 times the amount on a similar Uppababy accessory .
 Great fit for our BOB jogging stroller . Nice deep pockets for water bottles -LRB- we use the slim contigo bottles from Costco -RRB- and love the zipper compartment for keys or cellphone . If you do n't care that it does n't say BOB on it , it is a perfect substitute for the more expensive brand name caddy .
 I have an Uppababy Vista and this works great . I was looking for just a cup-holder , but I did n't want to buy a cup-holder that goes on the outside of the handle . I always see people bumping into things or things getting caught on those types of cup holders . This item works well because everything is on the inside of the handle bars . It does n't fit as well when we have the bassinet in the stroller , but works perfectly when the car seat or regular stroller seat is in.I love the pocket with a zipper to keep my wallet or keys in and the extra slots for quick access to my cell phone or burp cloths . It 's nice because it has two deep cup-holders , so I can put a baby bottle in one slot and my drink in the other . The cup-holders are best for water bottles and can fit large coffee cups with lids . It 's true that since the Uppababy Vista 's handle bar is at a 45 degree angle , it can be difficult to get the caddy to sit upright , but with a little adjusting of the straps , it can be done . The caddy is super easy to strap on and is made of a washable nylon fabric . I 'm really glad I purchased this product and would highly recommend it !
 I have a BoB Revolution SE , and I wanted to be able to carry water bottles and my cell on a walk NOT in my pocket . I got this and put it on the stroller and it fits wonderfully . The bottle carriers are slim , but they fit the SMART water bottles just fine -LRB- I do n't want it to carry Cokes or anything , so I am not worried about them being bigger -RRB- . The straps do n't look long or sloppy at all like others have said . They Velcro securely . Overall , a really good purchase for the price !
 I just got the Bob revolution single for my birthday and wanted to get something to hold my phone/keys etc while I run . I looked at the BOB brand and honestly this is just as good only half the price ! You can fold up the stroller with it on , and it does its job well . So worth ten bucks ! So if you are looking at the BOB version save yourself some money and go with this one ! : -RRB- Also the one I received has gray lettering instead of multicolored like pictured -LRB- which I am totally ok with ! -RRB-
 I was initially apprehensive about how this caddy would work with my Bugaboo Cameleon , but it works great ! You are able to fix the straps so that it hangs vertically -LRB- put the back two on the top of the handle and the other two on the sides -RRB- , and it holds waterbottles very snugly . The small zippered pouch in the middle does n't hold a ton of stuff , but it is good for valuables you want zipped away -LRB- camera , wallet , phone , etc -RRB- . I use both this caddy and the Sunshine Kids caddy together and they are the PERFECT combination . The Sunshine caddy is much better for holding snacks , sunscreen , etc and hangs just above where the knobs to adjust the height of the handle are while this caddy stays up at the top . There is no problem collapsing the stroller with both -LRB- or one -RRB- of the caddys attached .
 I love this since the Phil and Teds did not have a cup holder . This is a good one and has lots of space .
 love this console , much better than the BOB one . better made plus it has bonus pockets on the outside of the zipper pouch = more storage !!! very universal too !
 The Jolly Jumper wins . My husband and I use different strollers so we originally bought the Bob caddy for him . When I got another stroller , I found the Jolly Jumper . The quality and features appear the same with the Jolly Jumper having the added benefit of the extra three pockets on the front . The largest of those pockets fits my iPhone 4S -LRB- in the large Griffin Survivor case -RRB- either horizontally or vertically . I usually put in vertically so I can see the top of my screen and slide it in and out more easily . The other two pockets are generally unused , but sometimes I use it for a spare hand wipe or a receipt . The cup holders are large enough to hold my 32 oz . Nalgene Better Bottle which is wider than most bike bottles . I would absolutely buy this again and recommend it over Bob 's version .
 The Jolly Jumper fits nicely on our BOB stroller , was easy to attach , and was much cheaper than the BOB brand caddy !
 i love this i have a phil , teb stroller works great . i hope thay make one for the back seat ...
 Much cheaper than the BOB organizer . Quality seems good and has plenty of pockets and water bottle holders . Zipper seems sturdy . It works well on my BOB but I think it would work well on basically any stroller that has a horizontal handlebar .
 The jolly jumper stroller caddy was an excellent purchase . It also arrived in plenty of time for Christmas . I will do business again
 This product is great and we use it everyday . No more spilled drinks and everything imaginable fits conveniently in the organizer .
 Very organized ! Now I can have drinks and put my phone and wallet in reach . It works with the Mutsy EVO !
 This stroller caddy works well for the small amount of time it is used . I keep it on my fold up stroller and it folds right up with the stroller . It is a little floppier than in the picture . It holds a water bottle just fine , but I would be hesitant to put any kind of cup in it for fear of it spilling .
 Bought this to put on an I ` coo stroller . It 's well made and gets the job done as well as any similar product for a fraction of the price .
 This caddy fits the bill just perfectly . I could n't bring myself to spend three times as much for the Bob-branded version , so I picked this one up instead . I also use it on our Maclaren Volo umbrella stroller , although it does n't fit as nicely because of the angle of the bars.Pros : Inexpensive!Plenty of storageDid I say it 's inexpensive?Cons : NoneYou wo n't be disappointed !
 This is definitely NOT a caddy for hot drinks or unsealed/open-top containers . If using on the Phil & Ted ; front-n-back double jogging stroller , this places your drinks directly above the head of whichever child you have sitting in the back . Be careful what type of drinks you place in them and what kind of terrain you are pushing the stroller over.Easy to install . Easy to use . Hopefully durable and easy to clean .
 I have the Uppababy Vista and was fed up with the Uppa cup holder b/c it really stinks and bottles literally fell through the chains onto the sidewalk all the time not to mention that it made the stroller even wider . So , I got this one and I really like it . And to address other people 's concerns about it not sitting level - if you adjust the straps properly it does sit level . plus the weight of a bottle in it makes it level . i love that it fits a bottle for me and a bottle for baby and has a spot to hold your cell phone . And it 's so inexpensive . I def recommend it .
 I have a Baby Jogger City Mini double stroller . This rain shield does not cover the kids ' feet , but if it 's raining , they 're wearing rain boots anyway ... This does a great job at a fraction of the cost for the brand-name version . It does not fit perfectly , but the kids and my stuff stay dry . If you are looking for a perfect fit , you will probably want to pay the extra money for the custom fit version that goes with your stroller , but it will cost you lots more money . This is great if you are looking for something that will do the job and not cost an arm and a leg !
 I have had this blanket for several months now and it is our favorite blanket to use in the stroller . We like it because it is heavier weight , but because it is woven it allows breathability if we have to put it over baby 's head . I got it in the aqua color and even after being washed numerous times the color is vibrant , and the edges are well trimmed . Pretty , solid colored blankets are hard to find . This is a great one . I 'd love to get it in another color actually . It originally came beautifully packaged with a white silk bow . It would be nice however if it were made in the USA and not in China . I would definitely buy again .
 very nice blanket for baby , soft and a nice size , have n't washed it yet but seems like it will stand up to a wash just fine
 This product is good quality and is nice and thick . It also feels luxurious . It keeps my baby warm and not overheated . My baby sleeps well in it in the car even during this winter season .
 Great baby blanket . Love color - beautiful pink . Blanket is larger than most which works perfectly for my toddler . Highly recommend .
 Bought this item as a gift for a baby shower . Everyone at the shower admired this blanket . I have no idea how it will hold up over time , but it was a lovely gift .
 Very natural and the most loved by our baby!Just happy with this blanket , and my wife is more than satisfied with it .
 Blanket is very nice . It came quickly . It looked more like an off-white in the picture , but is more like a light brown in real life - a perfect color for blanket that a toddler drags around .
 My husband and I put this bag on our registry on a whim figuring nobody in their right mind would pay $ 80 for a diaper bag . We were thrilled when we received it at our shower . Our baby was born in mid December and we loved this bag . It went everywhere with us . It holds a dozen neborn diapers in the inside pockets , bottles , formula containers , toys , clothes and even a snall blanket depending on what else you 've packed . the easy access wipes are great and I love that the changing pad stores in the back zipper pocket rather than taking up space in the main compartment.The diappointing part was that it did n't hold up . The bag itself has held up pretty well even when filled to capacity -LRB- and then some -RRB- . The strap however , has not . The webbing used to make the tabs that hold the rings where the shoulder strap hooks on -LRB- attaches -RRB- to the bag itself is poor quality and began to unravel and fray by late August . It was very frustrating . The only reason we had even considered this bag was that it was big and sturdy and would last at least a couple years . Instead , I had to purchase a new -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- bag from a local store in about eight months.Assuming that we just got one of a bad lot and the rest are fine , I would highly recommend the bag . If , on the other hand , this poor quality webbing is the norm , I suggest you look elsewhere .
 I originally bought this bag thinking of my husband , but I love it too !! We both love the design , it has a lot of storage space and is functional too . I really love the handy wipe container and changing pad in the back pocket ! It 's definitely durable and will put up with a lot of use ! I would recommend this bag for sure !!
 My husband picked this out for his Daddy Diaper Bag . It 's made from a material that will be super easy to clean , it 's adjustable strap is great for putting it on the stroller , and the design is super cool . Came with a changing pad inside and lots of pockets !
 bought this bag for my husband . strap is meant to be worn over the shoulder -LRB- messenger style -RRB- . I had hard time with it on shoulder . The wipe portion did n't really keep the wipes moist though . Lots of room . My hubby loves that he has a manly diaper bag ! ^_^
 Originally got this bag for my new baby and replace a larger diaper bag . The messenger bag is a good size to carry most items needed for going out with Baby and 1 toddler . Side pockets are great to store items that need to be access quickly . The wipes are located in an easy spot to grab when you need them without digging around to the bag . Only complaint is that the changing pad is too small . Would have liked a zipper pocket in the flap of the bag also . Excellent bag overall and will use it after the kids grow older .
 This bag has more than enough room for all the baby essentials . Sturdy construction , slim profile , and comes with a small changing pad .
 For me , the ultimate seal of approval is that my wife decided it was better than the one she got for herself , and swiped it from me!Unpacked , this bag is nice and light , and the fabric gives in all the right ways without compromising the bag 's structure . There 's room for a ton of supplies -LRB- which is great for me , as a father of twins -RRB- . There 's easy access to everything you need , and a place for everything inside the bag . We 've been using it daily for three months and it 's shown no signs of wear or weakness . I have yet to find a negative about this bag .
 Sold as a incognito diaper bag for guys to carry and not look matronly . But this is so well made and the features are numerous and useful . Even if you are not using it as a diaper bag , having the wet wipe dispenser is a great way to freshen up after riding in warm conditions before entering a business or your office .
 Excellent diaper bag . Plenty of storage and light weight . If you ca n't handle being the coolest dad around do n't buy this bag .
 Great bag - great buy ! It 's light , easy to carry by hand or as a backpack , easy to access items without having to undo the straps and open the bag through the velcro-lined cover , or the inner-outer pockets for bottles and wipes , and the zippered outer pocket - with it 's own changing pad - for diapers and even for a folding umbrella . It 's very spacious , so extra diapers , wipes , creams , changes of clothes , shoes -LRB- in a ziploc bag ! -RRB- , bottles , towel and washcloth , blanket , a toy or two , even a lunch kit , PLUS ... all fit easily . There are adequate inner compartments , it 's easy to clean and the material is durable . I chose the plain black , unisex version , so Granddad and dad have no problem carrying it . Highly recommended .
 Great diaper bag and build really steady , surely will last a long time . The bag has a many compartments and accessories . The price is really HIGH , but for long term , I believe it is work every pennies .
 This bag is PERFECT for those times when a guy says to his partner , `` Go hang out with your friends , I 've got the kid today . '' It holds plenty of wipes , diapers , a changing pad , and a couple toys if tantrums arise . I used this bag all over Tokyo with my kid in a Baby Bjorn and it worked out great . Plus , this DEFINITELY beats carrying some bulky pink or blue baby bag .
 Great bag for baby and parent . Very durable , easy to clean and has a look that dad does n't mind carrying . All in all very satisfied with this purchase
 I bought this bag for my husband so he wo n't have to carry the uber-feminine one that I have for myself . He loves the cool design on the front and we love the layout of the bag with all the different pockets where all the different necessities can be organized . Then there are two side pockets for easy access of bottles for feeding . The bag also comes with a changing pad and a separate compartment for storage . Wo n't want that pad mixing with anything else in the bag.Ladies , the one thing it is missing is a front pocket to store cell phone , wallet etc. but while this maybe an issue for us , I doubt it is for some guys . Yes , I sometimes use the bag.All in all , we are pretty happy with this item .
 great bag for all dad 's with newborn babies . great styling , you ca n't even tell that it 's full of diapers and milk . The only problem we had was that the baby wipe dispenser pocket did n't actually work with any of the wipe brand 's containers that we used . Oh , and the fact that it made my petite -LRB- 5 ' -0 `` tall -RRB- wife look even smaller than she already is when she had to carry it . Well worth it though . We 've had ours for almost 5-years now and will soon be using it for our next child .
 I love this bag . It looks nicer than a standard diaper bag due to its messenger bag appearance . While my husband was n't sure about the pink color , he loves the style.BEST FEATURE
 I Bought this item for my best friend who has a baby on the way because I know how all the women think and what the wife always gets at her baby showers . I knew if I had a baby that I would n't want to carry around one of those flower filled diaper bags and I figured whould any man ? Anyhow he was estatic about it . It really looks like a laptop bag or work bag and he is happy to cary this anywhere he goes . It also seems to be very durable and functionable so I would suggest this to any father that still wants to look and feel like a man.DadGear Messenger Diaper Bag - Pro Grey
 This bag is great for moms and dads . Comfortable to wear , easy to use and holds quite a bit . As a first-time parent , I really appreciate the ease of use with this bag .
 I bought this diaper bag as a gift for my husband and he is in love with it ! It 's so like him !
 Bought this chair a few months ago and so far have only good things to say about it . It was very easy to assemble . It is very easy to clean . It looks sturdy and seems to easily survice the abuse suffered by my two year old that sits in this chair every day and loves it very much . Overall both my wife and I are very satisfied with this purchase .
 I was hesitant of buying this car seat because of what some of the reviews said , contrary to some people 's opinion , this car seat is a very good value and not unsafe . My son grew out of his dual car seat/base car seat in 6 mos . So , I had to buy a car seat that had functionality for 0-2 + years to accommodate his growth and safety needs . The reviews stated that the seat pinched the baby 's legs , if they had adjusted the seat properly to the babies size that should n't happen . Also , new car seats have a function in the front that allows you to loosen and tighten the straps when putting the child in and taking them out which helps a lot too ! I recommend this seat highly , it looks great and is very comfortable , my son rarely used to sleep in the car , now he does all the time . Only one issue , its bulkier than my last seat and transitioning from one style to the other had me frustrated for a few days . Now I just love it !
 The downside to these type of car seats are they are big and bulky so if for some reason you switch your car seats around a lot they are n't really for you because they are heavy and can be hard to get in and out . However as long as they are installed correctly I do believe they do their job at keeping your child safe . As my 2 year old who still fights being put in his car seat can not houdini his way out of this one . Also while my kids have complained that other car seats we have had to use were `` uncomfy '' or `` not feel good mommy '' I have never had any complaints about the comfort of these -LRB- I bought 2 -RRB- and the cupholders that accompany this car seat is wonderful for sippy cups and fast food and whatnot .
 We got our seat after our son outgrew his infant seat at about 5 months . We love our seat . We heard several people complain about it pinching legs . However if you adjust it the right way it does n't pinch at all . We would recommend this seat to anyone .
 Love this product . A few people said they had trouble with the install , I had no more trouble than any others and my son LOVES it . It 's a great look and fit . It will surely grow with my son and we am looking to buy another for my husband 's car . I do n't think I would buy it for a new-born , but as soon as your child can hold up their head , it 's perfect . My son outgrew is carry carseat quite early so this is a perfect chair to grow with him .
 I have this seat for my daughter . In all , its a good seat , make sure its installed correctly , take it down to your local police station . At 1 , this seat looked too big for my daughter -LRB- 22lbs -RRB- . We had a EB carrier type at that age . At her current 30 lbs , its a perfect fit , and I feel that she 's safe.While the longevity of use is nice , safety is more important of course . This carseat is only rated to 40lbs for a 5 pt harness . I offer you this video for you to decide if at 40lbs you want to change to a belt booster
 I would like to first say Thank You for making such a wonderful product . The stores we have up here in Northern Maine do n't carry carseats likes these . I am very impressed with the product .
 I used these frames as party favors for my sister 's baby shower and they were a big hit . The frames are good quality and were shipped quickly .
 I bought many of these frames to give as baby shower favors . They are perfect .
 good size , nice soft fabric , we do n't use a pacifier , but if you use one , I imagine the loop for that would be helpful
 Britax seats deserve the wonderful reputation that they have . This seat is well-made , the cover is soft , and the bottom of the seat has some padding . The straps never get twisted , which is a quality that is highly appreciated . This seat is very large , and I found that it put my daughter up very high in our Prius , but it fit just fine in and Outback .
 This is our second Britax Roundabout . I love it . Could not believe I saved money on it because it had my alma mater on it ! We had the first roundabout in my husband 's car and a cheaper convertable seat in mine . Getting further along in my 2nd pregnancy , I was getting more and more irritated trying to buckle and unbuckle my toddler into the el cheapo . I had to crawl into the car to get him in/out of the cheap one . The roundabout is super easy to adjust , snap in and out of , and is an all around more comfortable seat . High ratings by Consumer Reports led us to buy the first .
 i just installed this carseat , and once i slowed down to really figure it out , it was very easy . my daughter is still rear-facing , so that is always a little trickier than forward-facing . i got it on sale , making it about the same price as comparable seats . this is consumer reports top rated car seat !
 Our bathtub is an older model and too narrow for the well reviewed PRIMO pearl tub , so I was really excited to see this product available as a smaller option . It 's a great first tub for our newborn and works well -- she loves bathtime and I think this tub has a lot to do with it . The incline is helpful for her to sit upright -LRB- even though she ca n't do so herself -RRB- . I never bothered with the duck toy bag/cushion as I figured it would take forever to dry , and our girl is too little for toys still . But it 's a nice-to-have , I guess . What 's best about this tub
 I love this tub . WE had a hard time bathing baby when she was a new born . She could not be submerged in a tub since her umbilical cord was still attached . She HATED being sponge bathed . She would scream during the whole bath every time . When we finally got this tub , she just loved bath time . We put a little water in there , and made sure it did n't reach the cord . She loved being in there.On the down side I wish it was a bit deeper , and that the leg section was n't so raised . Once baby was big enough to sit up , that 's all she wanted to do , and bath time was not excluded . She wanted to sit up in the little tub , and I just felt she could just come right out on her own , so we had to move on to the big tub . She is still quite wobbly , so we had to get a tub seat for that . But I just wish that the tub would grow with baby a little , so we could use it a bit longer . Anyhow , we enjoyed it while it lasted , and we still use the duck in the big bathroom to hold her toys . It works great !
 1 year old likes it and can manipulate the hinge top to empty & fill box . Very pleased with it . Also it arrived fast
 I bought this activity to use in a center . My 2nd grade students loved it . It allowed them to review time while having fun . The cards that go with it were tough for many of my students , but they were a great resource for my more advanced students . Whether or not you use the cards , I would recommend this game for a fun way to review and practice the concept of time .
 Length :
 My granddaughter loves this -LRB- and so do her parents -RRB- . She burns off her excess energy while having fun , and she sleeps extremely well at night .
 Great product . I do n't think any infant would dislike the jumper . My 5 month old loves it . When he sees me bring it into the room he starts to smile . It also helps him tire . A must by !
 I love this Jumper , however it does have areas that can be approved . Its a `` free standing '' jumper , so you do n't have to confine your baby to only doorways or worry if a jumper will meet the height of a doorway . Though this item does not come with any toys or tray , I am glad that it does n't because it really gives my 5 month old son the freedom to move around without being distracted . The jumper retracts a lot more than other bouncers I 've seen and babies do n't have to use much effort to get this thing going . Once they realize this , it 's nothing but fun and excitement . Check out a few `` You Tube '' videos on Jolly Jumper , you wo n't see any unhappy baby . The only area I dislike , is actually putting him in the Jolly Jumper . You have to unclip the seat -LRB- if you 're looking at the picture I am speaking of the blue bar from the chain that it hangs by . -RRB- You have to lay the baby down and place him in the seat as though your putting on a pair of pants . My son gets a little agitated by this and once he 's agitated enough , forget the jumper because his patience has been worn . Other than that , I love it : -RRB-
 got this item without the stand so my old man put a hook in the roof . awesome product . great bounce !!!!!!!! and safe to boot !!! no floppy baby !!! velcro and fits tightly around chest up to his armpits . . and very easy to get them in and out of . lady must not like to kneel on the floor that wrote that one review .
 We decided to get the Jolly Jumper for our 6 month old because she was bored in her Exersaucer . We 're so glad we got it ! I have nothing but positive things to say about it.I was able to put the whole thing together in under 10 minutes without any help . The included instructions are easy to understand and there are n't that many parts or any tools to worry about.At first I was worried because it seemed like a lot of work to get the baby into the seat -LRB- the instructions tell you to detach it from stand and lay it on the floor -RRB- . I ended up leaving the seat attached to the swing and cheated by putting our daughter into it like I would for playground baby swing . Then I braced her on my knee and held her with one hand while using my other hand to attach the velcro and fasten the seat belt . It 's easy once you get the hang of it.My daughter did n't take to it right away . She spent the first couple of times just standing there and turning around in circles . Once she figured out that she could jump , she went bonkers ! It 's so much fun for her and my husband and I love watching her play . So do n't feel discouraged if your baby does n't use it right away.I think the instructions say that you should leave your baby in for 15 minutes at a time , but I let my daughter stay up to 30-45 minutes in it . Even then , she 's never been the one to indicate that she wanted to get out . I definitely recommend buying the Jolly Jumper -LRB- we got the mat too , but that was n't as useful -RRB- . Note
 Purchased this for my grandson at the request of my daughter for Easter 2011 and what a great gift . My 4 month old grandson fell in love with the Jolly Jumper . Watching him enjoy himself is also very entertaining for everyone . I would highly recommend the Jumper to every mom .
 Awesome my daughter loves it other than the fact she is only suppose to be in it for 15 min at a time . And my wife says it could be a little taller .
 Length :
 We have not purchased this item , but we are borrowing one from some friends . From the first time we put him in it , he loved it . He gets a huge grin on his face and will jump in it for about 15-20 minutes nonstop before he starts to get tired . I have nothing bad to say about it . The harness seems very safe and secure . I highly recommend this product .
 I purchased this as a Christmas gift for my grand nephew who was 5 months old . He `` figured '' it out in about five minutes . By the second day he was all smiles , making happy noises as he jumped up and down . Turned out the positive reviews are correct and it was a perfect gift . This little boy is now a Jolly Jumper . I do n't know who has more fun , the little boy or the folks watching him use this device .
 Our twin girls loved this jumper . They started using it around 6 months and can still use it now at almost 11 months . It does take up some space , however , it works well when you do n't have a doorway available for the other type of jumpers . It may seem a bit pricey , but it is well worth every penny .
 I had a jolly jumper when I had babies 30 years ago , and it still proves to bethe best baby exerciser ever . The Johnny Jump Ups and other exercisers do not competewith the jolly jumper . Because the jolly jumper has a harness sac rather than a seat , thebaby is firmly secured and moves as if the harness is part of his or her own body . It took allof two minutes for my then 5 month old granddaughter to start bouncing and pirouetting ! Now , at six months , she loves standing with help because she had gotten use to the upright position.I would highly recommend this to anyone who has a 4 + month old baby ... Like anything , do n't overuse it orkeep the baby in it too long . The jolly jumper is expensive , however , and it would be nice if theprice could be lowered .
 I am so grateful for this product ! This is the only thing that entertains my four month old for any length of time . Usually a 45 minute stretch . He figured it out the first day . It gets him a great workout fortunately because my son is quite an eater . It makes a good lesson in cause and effect . He jumps to the rhythm of any music playing and entertains us ! This is baby approved . Friends have tried it on their babies and rushed out to buy it as well . I like the freestanding ability since we do n't have a convenient doorway and really high ceilings . We have no complaints . Highly recommend !
 My 4 month old son loves the Jolly Jumper . He is so happy when I put him in . Jumping also calms him down . This is the best activity toy anyone could get for a little baby 3months + -LSB- ... -RSB-
 Worth $ 75 ? Not really , I dont think so . $ 50 ? Probably . All the jumpers we found were only up to 25 lbs , this one is max at 28 lbs . So its not a huge advantage , but when you have a 7 month old at 23 lbs , you dont want to spend $ 75 for him to only use it for 2 more pounds . But 4 stars cause it could be just a tad larger -LRB- from top of head , to blue bar over top his head -RRB- and over all height -LRB- big baby -RRB- cause theres not much room for adjustment since hes already 29 inches long . But he absolutly LOVES it .
 I have only had this item for a week but i love it . my baby just finished 5 months old . she is tried of swing , bumbo seat . she wants me to hold her standing up and she askes me to jump her . I did that however it is really hard to jump a baby constantly . I had my eye on this item for a long time . I finally ordered it . same day that it arrived i got really sick and my husband wasnt feeling as well . my baby was having a blast and we survived our sickness through this wonderfull thing . otherwise she was going to sit and cry out of boredom . it took her day to fully understand she can control her jumps . once she did she was sooooooo happy . she loves to be on it even when shes not jumping to be in standing position . she goes crazy and I dont get scared if she is secure because design is very nice and smart . my husband as a harsh critic loved it . the other reviewers were saying that it is hard to put baby in and out and i undestand why . the instructions given are the most secure way however not the easiest . I simply slide the baby in very slowly than i make her sit on my lap while i velcro sides evenly and buckle up . practice makes perfect . My husband is cluless how to get her in still other than instructed way : -RRB- ohh another thing i hate eye sore baby products and only two cons it has that it is not easy to tuck away , not convient at all and it looks like a little torture chamber on the side of the living room :-RRB- -LRB- especially when baby is not in it -RRB- but i put up with the way it looks since it makes my life alot easier : -RRB-
 My kids had a Jolly Jumper when they were little and I already knew how much the baby would enjoy it . The stand is new to me and a great improvement over hanging it in a doorway . Very easy to put together . Still tricky to put a squirming baby into the seat .
 Great jumper , easy to ensemble.Big frame that makes switching rooms difficult . It 's not easy to break down.That said ... My baby loves it and it is safe . Lots of fun for baby and you ! Gives baby independence to watch , turn , observe , jump etc. my baby is entertained for 30 min easily.A jumper of dome sort is a must buy ! I 've used doorway jumpers with trays with my last baby and i prefer them . But this is a good jumper if you have the space and do n't mind a giant white bar in site !
 This item was worth the price . We needed the stand for this jumper because we do not have door frames to hang a jumper from . The stand is very strong and with the release of two wing nuts it folds down to a being about 6 inches in width . We do leave ours up all the time as our Grandson is here daily and uses it at least daily if not a couple times a day . The Jumper is excellant . It fits the babys body so well . It fits like a back brace would . It has velco in the front for the to attach the straps before fastening the bracket , then it has a cover to protect the baby . Our Grandson feels very comfortable and secure in this jumper and we are so very please with the purchase and would recommend it . I will be giving it as a gift for those having babies in the future .
 My 3 month old daughter absolutely loves her jolly jumper . It arrived today and she immediately started bouncing and laughing when we put her in it . Definitely wait until your baby has full control of their head before using this ; it offers no head support but has wonderful back support . It is sturdy , easy to put together , easy to store , and overall fabulous .
 This has literally revolutionized our recent lives . our 5 month old can not get enough of this . if you have an active baby with good neck control , you must have this .
 I bought this item when my son was 4 months old . His legs were so strong and he loves to kick them . He loved this item immediately . I had never seen him so happy as when he is used this . He is 6 months old now and is in it at least 3 times a day for anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour . He smiles and laughs and loves to do different jumps or just swing himself . It tires him out , too , before his naps or bedtime . He had reflux until he was 6 months so I would always wait an hour after he ate to put him in it and there was never much spit up . This is by far his favorite toy !
 This is our baby 's favourite activity - he has much more fun in this than playing with his toys . I also think this is great as it 's made in Canada -LRB- which is rare to find nowadays -RRB- .
 My 5 month loves this jumper . I had two different doorway jumpers and he just did not really get into them at all . I found this one and saw videos of babies using it and they all looked like they loved so I got it for him hoping he would like it and he totally does . It was super easy to put together , took like 10 minutes tops . All you have to do to fold it up is unscrew one side of each bar by hand and then fold it up and put the screw thing back on until you take it out to use it again ... takes like 20 seconds . I had no problem getting him in or out of it , I leave the seat hanging and set it on my knee and slide him in it then buckle it up . Definitely a great investment !
 This is such an amazing toy/tool for babies and parents !! My son starting bouncing in this at around 4 months old and has such a blast in it . He is able to look at us and smile , then bounce along to look at something else . It feels like he enjoys the freedom of `` standing '' and moving on his own . We want an adult-sized one for us !! This will be my go-to gift for new parents -LRB- maybe after the three-month mark -RRB- . Our favorite thing to do is to clap our hands and say `` Yay ! '' as the boy bounces - makes more priceless videos , too .
 When I played with my grandson on the floor , I would hold him and let his feet touch the floor . When he started to push against the floor more and more , I thought of getting a jumper . But the only jumpers I had seen when my kids were little were the ones that were hung in a door frame . When I saw this one that can be placed anywhere in the room , I bought it . And my grandson loves it . It is a good source of exercise for him and a lot fun for us to watch . I was so pleased with this purchase , that I bought a second one for my son so that my grandson can jump at home . I made this video to show how easily he can swing , pivot , and jump to turn around to get the attention of anybody in the room .
 Oh , this is so hard to review . I want to start with , I love it and my baby who is 4 months old loves it ! It is perfect for what I bought it for.With that said , I want to complain about how difficult it is to get the baby in and out of it , but I knew that by other 's reviews so I ca n't really complain , can I ? It is bulky -LRB- knew that too -RRB- , but I do find it very easy to unscrew separation bars and compact it for storage.It was VERY easy to assemble.Honestly , I think the only thing that stops me from using it as often as I would like is how hard it is to get the baby in and out of it . Otherwise , when I have the time to fuss with it . . I totally love watching my baby play in it.Probably one of the most difficult items to reveiw , I do n't know if I would recommend it or not really . I guess its up to you to decide if you want to hassle to watch your kid have a blast , or hunt down something more practical . Good luck : - -RRB-
 Fantastic product ! The best thing we 've bought for our baby so far ! She 's 5 1/2 months and loves it , she would spend all day in it if she could ! It 's easy to assemble and collapse to carry around , and takes hardly any time to get her in and out of the harness .
 kid loves it -- a little tricky getting him in and out of the straps - otherwise A + --
 My son absolutely loves his jumper . I highly recommend it . When I see him bouncing in it , I kind of wish they had an adult-size model that I could use !
 my baby is 4 months old and She love this jumper . With the jumper my wife has more time to do other things . It is easy to carry around and u can put it any where u want to .
 Length :
 It was a great buy . Just what I wanted . The setup and installation was simple and concise . The baby loves it !
 Length :
 The best toy so far . My son loves the jolly jumper more than jumperoo . It 's allow him to jump more freely and it 's allow me to finish the meal or shower or pump or wash the bottles . Recommend one .
 This is the best thing that we have got for our daughter . She is 3 months old and can already go into it and has been since she was 2 months . I would recommend it to everyone and have been . It is easy to take with you where ever you go .
 My 5 mo old son has absolutely loved this . It is easy to put together and fairly easy to move from room to room . It holds baby very securely and the construction has been very sound . It is a little tricky getting a squirmy baby in and out with one person , but with practice it can be done with little hardship . My only regret is that I did not purchase it sooner . I highly recommend !
 I bought this product because it looked fun and easy to move around . The reviews I 'd read were favorable so I thought it would be fun to try out a different kind of jumper that allowed for freer movement . My son loves it . He could jump around in it for about 30 minutes and gets quite a work-out ! He 's six months old but will be using this for awhile . At the beginning , he just kind of stood there in and and twisted around to look at things . Part of what I think he likes about it is that he feels like he 's standing completely on his own.It 's hilarious to watch him bounce and he enjoys every minute.The only downside is getting used to strapping him in . It takes a few times to get the hang of it but is worth it and I 'd recommend this product to anyone . We also found that while the stand takes up a bit of space while in use , it takes 30 seconds to set up and 30 seconds to take down so leaning it behind a dresser or something when we do n't want it out is an even better perk .
 SO pleased that the product has not changed -LRB- apparently -RRB- since I bought one for my son over 30 years ago ! Disappointed that I could not find the one that could be hung in the doorway -LRB- as I had bought so long ago -RRB- , as that is what my daughter-in-law really wanted . It arrived on time , was packaged beautifully .
 The baby loves it , but you need two people to get her in and out . It is sturdy , and well made .
 This is the greatest thing ever invented for babies ! My daughter loves this thing and could play in it for hours if I would let her . It is a little bulky , but folds down easily so you can just stick it in the corner when not in use ! Highly recommend !
 my babys favor toy is this jumper , when he wake up he starts jumping on my arms and make noises until he gets on the jumper ... i like it a lot cuz i can take it anywhere . easy to asemble . . really good buy
 I put this together last night for my 4 month old son ... he loves it . It was easy to put together and once you understand how to get them in and out of the seat it 's easy and does n't require 2 people like I thought it would need lol . Love seeing him jump and smile in his new toy !!
 I wish I had one of these when my other children were younger ! I started putting our son in it when he was 4 months old . He really enjoys it . I had the doorway model of another brand with my other children and I was not liked near as much as this jumper . In fact it hardly got used . This one I can take outside and move from room to room so easily . It takes a little practice getting your child in and out of it , but so worth it . He is 6 months old now and will stay jumping in it for an hour -LRB- precious time for mommy to get things done -RRB-
 At the time I purchased this , one vendor offered the jumper , stand , and musical mat in combination . I first put my daughter in this when she just turned 3 months . She has a very strong neck , so we felt confident she was ready to handle it . The first couple of days she cautiously stepped around , often keeping one leg stiff so she would have more support . By the 3rd try , she became more confident and ventured into stepping and occasionally small hops . Well , she just turned 4 months and now she 's really jumping around and getting some `` vertical . '' I 'm very happy I decided to go old school on this one . I like the range of motion it allows . The musical mat also draws her attention . She particularly seems to like the silly sounds setting.The first few times I put her in it , it was awkward getting her in the harness and then transferring her to the apparatus . Once you get into a routine , it 's easier . All together , I give this a 5 star rating .
 One of the best products ever . well made & keeps baby happy & as active as he wants to be . Deff worth having . Plus baby is not confined to a doorway . The stand can b move to any room or even out doors . It is very light weight but extremely stable . And it does n't make noises when baby jumps around.Only issue is putting baby in & taking baby out of the seat.But this product with the stand is a must have . Money is no object when you see your baby jump & kick around lauging & playing in this thing . Log onto youtube to view the product at work . But always b attentive while baby plays & always direct your attention to your baby .
 I have tried 3 other mattress pads , and none of them held up more than a couple washings from shrinking and ripping . This Pad actually fits the mattress ! Finally!Well worth the money . Not waterproof , but since the crib mattress is , I did n't need a waterproof mattress pad.A great quality , worry free product that delivers as promised !
 It is not often that a product is better than advertised ... my sons room was not a place to stay or play in ... we use the diaper champ and it still needed help ... now we can go in the room even after a bad diaper ! ... One happy Father !
 No more smell . This product is truly amazing . I had tried those scented bags for the diapers and they did n't quite do the job , with this product I do n't need those bags anymore .
 No matter which diaper pail you use , I 'm sure the day you empty it is one of the worst days of your week . In fact , my pail itself started to get pretty stinky , even when it was empty . A couple sprays of this stuff on the diaper before it goes in the pail and life is good again . I also use it as air freshener after particularly bad blow-outs . You wo n't believe how well it works . With my first child , I had to use this Baby Berry Blend , which is the strongest scent -LRB- and not berry scented -- that was apparently the name of the kid who inspired the scent . It 's kind of citrus-y . I like it . -RRB- With my next kid , I changed to Flower Child , just because I was curious . It is a nice scent ; definitely feminine , but not overpowering . A lot of upscale baby boutiques carry this and I would definitely recommend purchasing locally , if you can . -LRB- In Salt Lake City - USA Baby . In Dallas , Lone Star Baby & Kids . Call around and you may find it near you , too . -RRB- Ordering through Amazon is really hit and miss with this product . Your transaction may be perfectly smooth , or you may wait a month .
 I do n't throw away the `` dirty '' diapers inside the home . I did use a diaper pail originally , but as baby gets older , there is just a need to throw the `` yucky '' ones in the outside trash . I will say though , this does eliminate the smell while you finish up your changing . It also leaves a nice aroma in the room . Hard to believe . It also lasts forever ... I do n't spray on every diaper , just the stinky ones and I have had it for over a year and am still using it !
 I 've tried almost everything else from gel products to timed sprayers . My diaper days are over . However , I have two dogs and we just moved to a place where our garbage receptacle has to stay in the garage until garbage day . We use a Diaper Champ for our doggie waste bags which helps with the odor . But with the hot weather , there is an odor in the garage between the garbage receptacle and the Diaper Champ.I 've tried everything else from gel products to timed sprayers . Diaper EZ is the only product that eliminates the odor .
 This is our second highchair . We owned the evenflow discovery highchair and found it to have many problems , so we were forced to buy a better product.This chair is worth the price . Our daughter is very tall , but at 23 months she still uses this highchair with no problems.PROS
 We bought this same high chair 10 years ago when my first daughter was born and we absolutely loved it !! At the time , the only reason we bought it was because they had it in all white and we did n't want one with colors all over it . But as far as the high chair goes we loved every thing about it , super easy to clean and the reclining positions were great for a determined 4 month old . . -LRB- they always want to be at the table with everyone -RRB- . Also , many a times my kids fell asleep while eating and rather than wake them , all I had to do is recline the seat and they would sleep with out a problem because it has such a comfy seat cover . It held up wonderfully for 7 years . We thought we were done with kids and got rid of it , now I am expecting again and I have researched high chairs all over again , and have decided that this model is still the best for your money out there . We are buying this again !!
 We bought this high chair for our daughter and we love it . It 's easy to use and set up . I would have given five stars but to unfold/fold it you need two hands which sometimes is n't too `` handy '' when you have a crying baby in one of the them . The seat adjusts up and down so your child can sit right at the table with you . As stated above , the legs fold together so you can store the chair when not using . The chair cover is also easy to take off when it needs to be cleaned -LRB- which we do in the tub -RRB- and is attached with snaps . My little one is ten months old , 19 pounds , 27.5 inches and not even close to outgrowing this chair . I definitely recommend this chair . Hope this helps !!
 after so many recalls from China we did not want our baby eating of plastic made over there . Although it has its downpoints it has one major good point _ made in Italy .
 My baby has used this since she was 4 months old It has a sturdy wide base . . It has height adjusters ... you can recline it . . very secure safty belts but I do make sure my babies hands are nowhere near it when I buckle it thats the only thing I dislike about this highchair . I dont find it hard to clean . . it comes with two trays and it has wheels and folds up definately worth the money especially now because it 's on sale . . I paid full price : -LRB-
 We have two boys-plus -LRB- we do foster care -RRB- and then our little girl was placed with us . Our old high chair we had given away , so we needed a new one . We loved this one . The `` I '' bar on the bottom really stabilized this . She is two now -LRB- she was infant when placed -RRB- and while she was growing , she would try to stand in it and it never tipped over nor did we ever think it would . It is rock solid . Very easy to use . One hand to take tray off . Yes , at first children appear small in the high chair . But having so many infants and toddlers in our house , I can honestly tell you this is true with all the chairs . What is WONDERFUL about this one is the bar that stops them from sliding out !!! Irreplaceable . The cover is a bit hard to clean , but is ' t plastic not cloth which is worst . Our last one was cloth and could not go into the dryer . OH boy was that fun ! Also , she grew with this one . When she got older , we took of the tray and lowered it to table height , and we had a boster that she says is `` Mine '' . She really loved this and that is the most imporant element .
 Had a Graco high chair on my registry list and received this instead from Mom because it was pink and she just had to buy pink ! Very easy to put together especially at 8 1/2 months pregnant . I love that it reclines and the height is adjustable . It 's on wheels which makes it easy to manuever throughout the house and it folds up very easily which makes it easy to store out of the way while not in use . Everything seems to be great about this chair . Our daughter wo n't be using it for a few months since she is n't even here yet but I 'm sure she 'll love it as much as I do already .
 i had this highchair delivered to my new great grandaughter so I am reporting what they said about it . `` Great ''
 This blanket is very nice and incredibly soft . It is a little thicker than I expected . I bought this for my niece due to arrive in late September . I do n't know how often my sister will use it to swaddle the baby but I can definitely see using it to lay the baby on when playing on the floor .
 Excellent diaper bag . Plenty of storage and light weight . If you ca n't handle being the coolest dad around do n't buy this bag .
 Great bag - great buy ! It 's light , easy to carry by hand or as a backpack , easy to access items without having to undo the straps and open the bag through the velcro-lined cover , or the inner-outer pockets for bottles and wipes , and the zippered outer pocket - with it 's own changing pad - for diapers and even for a folding umbrella . It 's very spacious , so extra diapers , wipes , creams , changes of clothes , shoes -LRB- in a ziploc bag ! -RRB- , bottles , towel and washcloth , blanket , a toy or two , even a lunch kit , PLUS ... all fit easily . There are adequate inner compartments , it 's easy to clean and the material is durable . I chose the plain black , unisex version , so Granddad and dad have no problem carrying it . Highly recommended .
 Great diaper bag and build really steady , surely will last a long time . The bag has a many compartments and accessories . The price is really HIGH , but for long term , I believe it is work every pennies .
 This bag is PERFECT for those times when a guy says to his partner , `` Go hang out with your friends , I 've got the kid today . '' It holds plenty of wipes , diapers , a changing pad , and a couple toys if tantrums arise . I used this bag all over Tokyo with my kid in a Baby Bjorn and it worked out great . Plus , this DEFINITELY beats carrying some bulky pink or blue baby bag .
 Great bag for baby and parent . Very durable , easy to clean and has a look that dad does n't mind carrying . All in all very satisfied with this purchase
 I bought this bag for my husband so he wo n't have to carry the uber-feminine one that I have for myself . He loves the cool design on the front and we love the layout of the bag with all the different pockets where all the different necessities can be organized . Then there are two side pockets for easy access of bottles for feeding . The bag also comes with a changing pad and a separate compartment for storage . Wo n't want that pad mixing with anything else in the bag.Ladies , the one thing it is missing is a front pocket to store cell phone , wallet etc. but while this maybe an issue for us , I doubt it is for some guys . Yes , I sometimes use the bag.All in all , we are pretty happy with this item .
 great bag for all dad 's with newborn babies . great styling , you ca n't even tell that it 's full of diapers and milk . The only problem we had was that the baby wipe dispenser pocket did n't actually work with any of the wipe brand 's containers that we used . Oh , and the fact that it made my petite -LRB- 5 ' -0 `` tall -RRB- wife look even smaller than she already is when she had to carry it . Well worth it though . We 've had ours for almost 5-years now and will soon be using it for our next child .
 I love this bag . It looks nicer than a standard diaper bag due to its messenger bag appearance . While my husband was n't sure about the pink color , he loves the style.BEST FEATURE
 I Bought this item for my best friend who has a baby on the way because I know how all the women think and what the wife always gets at her baby showers . I knew if I had a baby that I would n't want to carry around one of those flower filled diaper bags and I figured whould any man ? Anyhow he was estatic about it . It really looks like a laptop bag or work bag and he is happy to cary this anywhere he goes . It also seems to be very durable and functionable so I would suggest this to any father that still wants to look and feel like a man.DadGear Messenger Diaper Bag - Pro Grey
 This bag is great for moms and dads . Comfortable to wear , easy to use and holds quite a bit . As a first-time parent , I really appreciate the ease of use with this bag .
 I bought this diaper bag as a gift for my husband and he is in love with it ! It 's so like him !
 My husband and I put this bag on our registry on a whim figuring nobody in their right mind would pay $ 80 for a diaper bag . We were thrilled when we received it at our shower . Our baby was born in mid December and we loved this bag . It went everywhere with us . It holds a dozen neborn diapers in the inside pockets , bottles , formula containers , toys , clothes and even a snall blanket depending on what else you 've packed . the easy access wipes are great and I love that the changing pad stores in the back zipper pocket rather than taking up space in the main compartment.The diappointing part was that it did n't hold up . The bag itself has held up pretty well even when filled to capacity -LRB- and then some -RRB- . The strap however , has not . The webbing used to make the tabs that hold the rings where the shoulder strap hooks on -LRB- attaches -RRB- to the bag itself is poor quality and began to unravel and fray by late August . It was very frustrating . The only reason we had even considered this bag was that it was big and sturdy and would last at least a couple years . Instead , I had to purchase a new -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- bag from a local store in about eight months.Assuming that we just got one of a bad lot and the rest are fine , I would highly recommend the bag . If , on the other hand , this poor quality webbing is the norm , I suggest you look elsewhere .
 I originally bought this bag thinking of my husband , but I love it too !! We both love the design , it has a lot of storage space and is functional too . I really love the handy wipe container and changing pad in the back pocket ! It 's definitely durable and will put up with a lot of use ! I would recommend this bag for sure !!
 My husband picked this out for his Daddy Diaper Bag . It 's made from a material that will be super easy to clean , it 's adjustable strap is great for putting it on the stroller , and the design is super cool . Came with a changing pad inside and lots of pockets !
 bought this bag for my husband . strap is meant to be worn over the shoulder -LRB- messenger style -RRB- . I had hard time with it on shoulder . The wipe portion did n't really keep the wipes moist though . Lots of room . My hubby loves that he has a manly diaper bag ! ^_^
 Originally got this bag for my new baby and replace a larger diaper bag . The messenger bag is a good size to carry most items needed for going out with Baby and 1 toddler . Side pockets are great to store items that need to be access quickly . The wipes are located in an easy spot to grab when you need them without digging around to the bag . Only complaint is that the changing pad is too small . Would have liked a zipper pocket in the flap of the bag also . Excellent bag overall and will use it after the kids grow older .
 This bag has more than enough room for all the baby essentials . Sturdy construction , slim profile , and comes with a small changing pad .
 For me , the ultimate seal of approval is that my wife decided it was better than the one she got for herself , and swiped it from me!Unpacked , this bag is nice and light , and the fabric gives in all the right ways without compromising the bag 's structure . There 's room for a ton of supplies -LRB- which is great for me , as a father of twins -RRB- . There 's easy access to everything you need , and a place for everything inside the bag . We 've been using it daily for three months and it 's shown no signs of wear or weakness . I have yet to find a negative about this bag .
 Sold as a incognito diaper bag for guys to carry and not look matronly . But this is so well made and the features are numerous and useful . Even if you are not using it as a diaper bag , having the wet wipe dispenser is a great way to freshen up after riding in warm conditions before entering a business or your office .
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 We swaddled our baby from day 1 and she slept like an ace , 5 hours at 1 week and 11 hours at 8 weeks . The secret is using these Velcro secured blankets in addition to The Happiest Baby on the Block DVD . The author shows exactly how to swaddle for peak effectiveness . This method saved our sanity !!! The baby feels snug and secure , her arms can not startle her awake during the night , she 's a happy camper and mom and dad are definitely happy campers . This is the most important thing that we owned . It is definitely worth the money . Regular blankets do not work as well because they are not secured . Our baby did n't necessarily like being swaddled up at first , she would fuss , but the resulting great , full night of sleep followed . I wholeheartedly recommend buying the swaddling blankets and The Happiest Baby on the Block DVD .
 This product came recommended to me by another Mum . After a few nights of using it I realised why ! I used to wrap my baby myself , but always worried in case she was getting overheated . The material in this means my daughter is safe and comfy , and when she gets bigger she can get a larger size . I wish I knew about this when my daughter was born , as she was a preemie and it would have been lovely to have it in her size.I also like the fact that I do n't have to worry about her wriggling under the cover or it getting on her face . . its just not possible with this . Even with the most wriggly baby -LRB- like mine ! -RRB- she ca n't get out of it , as I had the option to put her arms under the zip section . Highly recommended and worth every penny .
 My son was very restless and had a strong startle reflex . We tried swaddleaze , after being disappointed with a cheaper swaddle which was very scratchy on his skin . We were delighted with Swaddleaze ! The fabric is the softest we have ever felt and the velcro is well away from baby so it does n't scratch.Its so easy to use and straight away our baby was much more content and less fussy . Now he is older we bought a bigger swaddle and he uses it as a sleeping bag with his arms free . Great value for money !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 My husband and I put this bag on our registry on a whim figuring nobody in their right mind would pay $ 80 for a diaper bag . We were thrilled when we received it at our shower . Our baby was born in mid December and we loved this bag . It went everywhere with us . It holds a dozen neborn diapers in the inside pockets , bottles , formula containers , toys , clothes and even a snall blanket depending on what else you 've packed . the easy access wipes are great and I love that the changing pad stores in the back zipper pocket rather than taking up space in the main compartment.The diappointing part was that it did n't hold up . The bag itself has held up pretty well even when filled to capacity -LRB- and then some -RRB- . The strap however , has not . The webbing used to make the tabs that hold the rings where the shoulder strap hooks on -LRB- attaches -RRB- to the bag itself is poor quality and began to unravel and fray by late August . It was very frustrating . The only reason we had even considered this bag was that it was big and sturdy and would last at least a couple years . Instead , I had to purchase a new -LRB- inexpensive -RRB- bag from a local store in about eight months.Assuming that we just got one of a bad lot and the rest are fine , I would highly recommend the bag . If , on the other hand , this poor quality webbing is the norm , I suggest you look elsewhere .
 I originally bought this bag thinking of my husband , but I love it too !! We both love the design , it has a lot of storage space and is functional too . I really love the handy wipe container and changing pad in the back pocket ! It 's definitely durable and will put up with a lot of use ! I would recommend this bag for sure !!
 My husband picked this out for his Daddy Diaper Bag . It 's made from a material that will be super easy to clean , it 's adjustable strap is great for putting it on the stroller , and the design is super cool . Came with a changing pad inside and lots of pockets !
 bought this bag for my husband . strap is meant to be worn over the shoulder -LRB- messenger style -RRB- . I had hard time with it on shoulder . The wipe portion did n't really keep the wipes moist though . Lots of room . My hubby loves that he has a manly diaper bag ! ^_^
 Originally got this bag for my new baby and replace a larger diaper bag . The messenger bag is a good size to carry most items needed for going out with Baby and 1 toddler . Side pockets are great to store items that need to be access quickly . The wipes are located in an easy spot to grab when you need them without digging around to the bag . Only complaint is that the changing pad is too small . Would have liked a zipper pocket in the flap of the bag also . Excellent bag overall and will use it after the kids grow older .
 This bag has more than enough room for all the baby essentials . Sturdy construction , slim profile , and comes with a small changing pad .
 For me , the ultimate seal of approval is that my wife decided it was better than the one she got for herself , and swiped it from me!Unpacked , this bag is nice and light , and the fabric gives in all the right ways without compromising the bag 's structure . There 's room for a ton of supplies -LRB- which is great for me , as a father of twins -RRB- . There 's easy access to everything you need , and a place for everything inside the bag . We 've been using it daily for three months and it 's shown no signs of wear or weakness . I have yet to find a negative about this bag .
 Sold as a incognito diaper bag for guys to carry and not look matronly . But this is so well made and the features are numerous and useful . Even if you are not using it as a diaper bag , having the wet wipe dispenser is a great way to freshen up after riding in warm conditions before entering a business or your office .
 Excellent diaper bag . Plenty of storage and light weight . If you ca n't handle being the coolest dad around do n't buy this bag .
 Great bag - great buy ! It 's light , easy to carry by hand or as a backpack , easy to access items without having to undo the straps and open the bag through the velcro-lined cover , or the inner-outer pockets for bottles and wipes , and the zippered outer pocket - with it 's own changing pad - for diapers and even for a folding umbrella . It 's very spacious , so extra diapers , wipes , creams , changes of clothes , shoes -LRB- in a ziploc bag ! -RRB- , bottles , towel and washcloth , blanket , a toy or two , even a lunch kit , PLUS ... all fit easily . There are adequate inner compartments , it 's easy to clean and the material is durable . I chose the plain black , unisex version , so Granddad and dad have no problem carrying it . Highly recommended .
 Great diaper bag and build really steady , surely will last a long time . The bag has a many compartments and accessories . The price is really HIGH , but for long term , I believe it is work every pennies .
 This bag is PERFECT for those times when a guy says to his partner , `` Go hang out with your friends , I 've got the kid today . '' It holds plenty of wipes , diapers , a changing pad , and a couple toys if tantrums arise . I used this bag all over Tokyo with my kid in a Baby Bjorn and it worked out great . Plus , this DEFINITELY beats carrying some bulky pink or blue baby bag .
 Great bag for baby and parent . Very durable , easy to clean and has a look that dad does n't mind carrying . All in all very satisfied with this purchase
 I bought this bag for my husband so he wo n't have to carry the uber-feminine one that I have for myself . He loves the cool design on the front and we love the layout of the bag with all the different pockets where all the different necessities can be organized . Then there are two side pockets for easy access of bottles for feeding . The bag also comes with a changing pad and a separate compartment for storage . Wo n't want that pad mixing with anything else in the bag.Ladies , the one thing it is missing is a front pocket to store cell phone , wallet etc. but while this maybe an issue for us , I doubt it is for some guys . Yes , I sometimes use the bag.All in all , we are pretty happy with this item .
 great bag for all dad 's with newborn babies . great styling , you ca n't even tell that it 's full of diapers and milk . The only problem we had was that the baby wipe dispenser pocket did n't actually work with any of the wipe brand 's containers that we used . Oh , and the fact that it made my petite -LRB- 5 ' -0 `` tall -RRB- wife look even smaller than she already is when she had to carry it . Well worth it though . We 've had ours for almost 5-years now and will soon be using it for our next child .
 I love this bag . It looks nicer than a standard diaper bag due to its messenger bag appearance . While my husband was n't sure about the pink color , he loves the style.BEST FEATURE
 I Bought this item for my best friend who has a baby on the way because I know how all the women think and what the wife always gets at her baby showers . I knew if I had a baby that I would n't want to carry around one of those flower filled diaper bags and I figured whould any man ? Anyhow he was estatic about it . It really looks like a laptop bag or work bag and he is happy to cary this anywhere he goes . It also seems to be very durable and functionable so I would suggest this to any father that still wants to look and feel like a man.DadGear Messenger Diaper Bag - Pro Grey
 This bag is great for moms and dads . Comfortable to wear , easy to use and holds quite a bit . As a first-time parent , I really appreciate the ease of use with this bag .
 I bought this diaper bag as a gift for my husband and he is in love with it ! It 's so like him !
 When I received this tote , at first I thought it was going to be way too small but this is much more room in it than at first glance . I have a 16 month old and a 3 year old and I can carry both of their basic necessities in this bag without feeling like I 'm digging in a bottomless pit looking for something . I can even carry two small juice cups in the bag as well as the other basics .
 This was a really nice crib set , adding just the right amount of color . Can be used for either a baby boy or girl .
 My daughter is 3 and has severe developmental delays . We bought two of these , one for home and one for school . She is doing VERY well and loves to use this cup ! Its nice that is is see semi see through so we can help her to see when the liquid is being drank or not !
 My baby is having a lot of fun with this cup . It is slightly see through so you can see what you 're doing when you are teaching your baby to drink from a cup . It is also made here in the USA , which is great !
 These diapers fit better than any other Stage 4 diapers we have tried for my son ... they seem more comfortable and we have never had a leak . I also like the idea that they are better for the environment and for my son .
 I really like these diapers because 1 -RRB- they have greatly reduced my son 's diaper rash 2 -RRB- they are better on the environment and 3 -RRB- other namebrand diapers made my hands itch while these do n't . I do n't miss the other diapers one bit.The one thing I do n't like about these is that the elastic around the legs seems to be weaker than other diapers . I 've twice been holding him and been peed on because the diaper had pulled away from his leg .
 I first bought these diapers thinking that I would have to sacrifice the fit and function of my regular diapers in order to be more environmentally-friendly . It turns out I was wrong . In my opinion , these diapers are equal to or better than all other brands -LRB- Pampers , Huggies , Luvs -RRB- I 've tried ! The fact that they are chlorine-free and better for the earth helps ease my guilt about using disposable instead of cloth diapers .
 we have been using this brand since the birth of our son and we have had no diaper rash ! tried a cheaper brand of diaper just for the price -LRB- we had a rash within the week -RRB- and will never change again these are great fitting very absorbant and great for the enviromnt and great for baby
 How did I ever go without these wonderful diapers ?!?! After strugglin ' with Huggies ' leakage probs and Pampers ' blowout issues ... WHEW !! This diaper is a godsend . They hold sooooooo much more than name brand diapers . Not to mention they 're environmentally sound . It sure beats trying to travel with cloth diapers ! I 'm so happy I found these . I would n't trade them for anything . I tell everyone about them . The couple bucks diffence is worth it . As with other reviews , the color throws you off a bit . But once you get around that -LRB- and the lack of cutesy , plush character propaganda -RRB- , you will uncover the secret of worry-free diapering . And as an added bonus
 Our grandson has been using Seventh Generation diapers since birth . They seem thinner and softer than standard disposables , but very secure . The tabs stretch so the fit is custom . Besides being as environmentally friendly as a disposable diaper can be -LRB- to be used when cloth is not an option -RRB- , they are so easy to use and appear to be more comfortable on the baby . I highly recommend them .
 These diapers fit well and do n't have all of the added smells and character images of major brands .
 I love these diapers ! They fit great , and they do n't have all the perfume and other chemicals that other disposable diapers have . Other than cloth , I will NOT use anything else on my baby .
 I 've been using these diapers since my daughter was an infant . I love them , they are absorbent , comfy and chlorine free , so I feel better putting them on her ! We have had very few leaks . I used Pampers and Huggies a few times because people bought them for us , and truly , the 7th Generation diapers stand up to leaks better , and are great for overnight . My daughter does not get diaper rash , and I swear it 's because these diapers do n't have harsh chemicals in them like the big brands . I will be using them for # 2 too !!
 For the first six months of our son 's life , we used Pampers . We found them to be better than Huggies . Then we were introduced to Seventh Generation diapers . Not only are they environmentally friendly , but they are a perfect fit for our son . He is taller than most babies , and very skinny . We find that these diapers work well for us . He is in a size 4 and there is still a lot of room to grow.We love that these diapers do not leak and fit snuggly . The natural color is perfect too . We could not be happier . We would highly recommend this product .
 These are so pricey in stores , $ 12.99 and up , but you can get them here for $ 8.50 ! I love these , I want to use nappies that are not only better for him , but better for the environment as well ! They get delivered once a month , for even more savings !
 I really like these diapers ... I will keep buying them . They are very plain looking but they work very well .
 With super saver shipping and a little advance planning , this is better than a diaper service . The Seventh Generation diapers are soft and pliable , fit well and absorb moisture much better than Tushies , a comparable though different eco-diaper . Softer on babies ' skin than Pampers and Huggies which have a `` net '' type lining .
 My 1-year old son had a killer diaper rash for nearly a month during which I tried just about every cream and ointment out there , even some prescription Nystatin from the doctor but nothing worked . Then his pediatrician recommended trying bleach-free diapers and within a week his bottom has gotten sooooo much better ! I am so glad we finally tried these diapers !
 From day one we have used Seventh Generation diapers for our first baby and have been very impressed with the quality . Our daughter has very sensitive skin and these diapers appear to keep diaper rash at bay due to the lack of harsh chemicals and fragrances . The diapers are very absorbent and we have yet to have any leaks even though we 're already at our daughter 's 7th week ! The only thing that we noticed is that although the Size 1 diapers are supposed to fit 8-14 lb babies , it appears that at almost 12 lbs our baby might already need to move to the next size up -LRB- we ordered in bulk so we hope she can make it through the ones we ordered -RRB- -- not sure if this is related to this brand or if all diapers have this issue . All in all we recommend -LRB- hope -RRB- that ALL parents use these diapers as it is the greener choice when using disposables .
 I exclusively use Seventh Generation diapers . They do a great job and the blow-outs are few and far between . I have used Huggies on occasion and I greatly prefer the Seventh Generation .
 I have been using Seventh Generation diapers on my 4-month-old son almost exclusively since he was born . I did not like the idea of harsh chemicals being up against his sensitive skin , so these were an obvious choice . I have not been disappointed with their performance at all . Yes , he does leak if they have been on all night , but no more than the Huggies he wore when we ran out of the SG for a few days . They seem very comfortable and fit him very well . I am giving them 4 stars because they do leak sometimes , but honestly , it 's totally worth the extra diaper change knowing that I 'm protecting my child in whatever ways I can from toxic chemicals.I am a firm believer that parents must educate themselves on what to put in and on their children 's bodies . Babies ca n't read labels and they depend on us to do what 's best for them . I do not put anything on my son that I do n't know the ingredients for , I follow the same standard for his diapers .
 I was surprised that these earth friendly diapers actually feel soft and work . I do n't think they are as good at preventing leaks , but good enough that I 'll buy more .
 We love these diapers -- my daughter 's skin reacts badly to bleach and perfumes , and these are free of both . Plus we love Amazon 's repeat delivery , so good for sleep-deprived parents who forget to buy diapers at the store !
 These environmentally friendly diapers work great and after using the usual diapers I really enjoy that these are not layden with fragrance .
 I love these diapers , they don ' y give my babies rashes and they do n't leak.They with stood the biggest test , they lasted through the night without leaking and did n't smell like the other diapers with chemicals.I also love the look of these diapers . They do n't have all the weird cartoons on them !
 Disposable diapers are crude but you need them . Do the earth a favor and diaper a little greener with these . They are bare bones in terms of look ... . no cute pictures ... . just plain natural color and not as soft as other brands like Huggies on the outside but they do the job just as well as the others . They have the stretchy tabs which make it comfortable around baby 's waist . My baby has been using these since birth and at the time of this review he is 6 months old and he has never had a leak or a diaper rash , never!The price is also comparable . These should be the only disposable diapers allowed on the market if we really care about the planet .
 I wish I knew earlier buying these organic/no chemical diapers for my son . I just ordered several boxes knowing that they are good for him . The only thing that these diapers do n't have is the disney characters but I do n't mind . Amazon offers them as such a good price .
 I love Seventh Generation Diapers ! They get the job done ... and do it with a little less impact on the environment than conventional diapers . I actually think they work better too ! The do n't get as saggy when full as with other diapers . My babies bottom is also diaper rash free ... no scents to cause skin problems ! I highly recommend these diapers ... in all sizes !
 The best part is that they do n't have that plasticky Pampers smell , no decorations , and the stretchy tabs are nice .
 I picked up a pack of these diapers at Whole Foods on a whim . I love that they are environment friendly , but even more I love the fit . We 've tried every variety and our breastfed baby has made a mess of just about every brand . These diapers actually fit ! And , the same size has fit for more than a week , putting an end to our collecting of half-empty packages . These diapers are soft and do n't irritate our baby 's sensitive skin . Buying in bulk from Amazon has also made them the same price or less expensive than other top brands . Move over Pampers !
 My son is now 16 month old and I have been using 7th generation diapers since he was one month old . I absolutely love them ! My son has never had a diaper rash ... ever ! He also has an intact penis and has never had any infections of any sort . I also used the seventh generation wipes , as well as california baby diaper area wash -LRB- leaves baby so fresh and clean , i swear by it -RRB- . My only concern is that 7th generation recently `` improved '' their diapers . I love that they are now slimmer and have stretchy elastic tabs but they do not have the same absorbancy . I never had a problem with leaks before . So rare that I never carried a back up pair of clothes . But now I have had a wake up call . Since we started using the `` improved '' diapers he leaks when he sleeps through the night and I am thinking about using something different at night . I am trying now to find a store that still has some of the old design so I can use them at night . I really dont want to change but I will if I have to . I have written to the company but have not received a response . I would give the old design 5 stars but the new ones are lacking .
 My eight-week-old son suffered from severe diaper rash for the first few weeks of life . We 're doing several things to help , and trying these diapers was one of those things . When it cleared , I tried to go back to Huggies . His rash started to return , even though we were still using no more than wet cotton balls and triple paste on his little bottom . We went back to the SG diapers , and the rash has n't returned.I like the `` green '' aspect to these diapers , as well . We try to do what we can to be less wasteful/environmentally destructive , and this is nice . -LRB- I tried cloth diapering with my first child . The less said , the better . -RRB- I also appreciate that SG is comparable in price to the major brands . By using Amazon 's subscription service , we 'll be paying LESS than going to the store to buy those major brands.Finally , I REALLY LOVE the , um , containment factor . Although it 's been close , my son has n't had a blow-out yet with SG -LRB- * knock on wood ! * -RRB- , whereas it can be a regular occurrence with Huggies.I am so glad my friend turned me on to this brand . My son stays rash-free , his clothes are better protected , and there 's a little less pollution created in the process of making these diapers.Also check out SG 's wipes : Seventh Gen Baby Wipes Tub . You can order their refill packs to save money and cut down on the plastic containers . ** Interesting note ... InGarbage Land
 Our daughter has been in Seventh Gen diapers since we used up all the `` major brands '' we were given as gifts . As soon as we switched , the occasional rashes stopped completely . At nine months she never gets any kind of rash.This is the only brand I would recommend to a friend . It 's too bad the brand does n't have better distribution , but with a little planning and quick shipping from Amazon , we 've never run out .
 My nieces and all 3 of my kids have used 7th Generation diapers . They 've always been great . But since the changes were made to them they 're wonderful !
 These are incredibly absorbent , a pretty good value , and much more eco-friendly than the mainstream brands . The velcro on the new design sometimes chafes my crawling baby 's belly , but if you position it carefully and check it if your baby seems uncomfortable , you should be OK . Your grocery store brand diaper is going to live in a landfill for upwards of 500 years , meaning Henry VIII 's Pampers would still be around if he 'd worn them ! So I figure that while 7th Generation diapers are n't perfect , almost anything is better than knowing your baby is stinking up a landfill for centuries after he 's left this earth . Personally , I love using cloth diapers -LRB- they 've lasted through 3 children-what a bargain ! -RRB- , but my husband does n't feel the love so much . So for times when Dad 's in charge , I keep a stock of 7th Generations on hand . Who am I to press the issue if he 's willing to change diapers ? : -RRB-
 These new diapers are much more like Pampers and Huggies in design . Now they are flexible and are in smaller sizes , so the fit is fabulous . Thrilled with new design . -- would give 5 stars , but they still use the gel beads .
 I love these diapers and they have never failed us . My baby boy , who is now 14 months old , has had several types of diapers . First we tried the commercial brand , Huggies , and then we switched to these , after I got a bit more environmentally conscious . We also tried G-diapers , a mix between cloth diapers and disposable and though I did like them , too , and used both them -LRB- at home -RRB- and Seventh Generation -LRB- as soon as we were out and about -RRB- , the G-diapers did n't seem as safe and never worked night time . I still have a case or so left , but now we only use Seventh Generation . Whenever I see babies wearing Huggies etc. . I think they look so bad , first chlorine bleached and then with those Disney and/or Sesame Street characters . I so prefer these in looks , too . Highly , highly recommended . And we get them on the automatic order from Amazon.com . and save by doing so .
 I 've been using these diapers now for 11 weeks and I absolutely love them ! They retain moisture with no problem . My baby does n't even fuss if she 's sitting in a wet diaper ... because it does n't really feel wet to her ! Good quality with less chemicals - I 'll take that any day !
 I really like the way these diapers fit . They look comfortable and 20 times healthier without the Disney commercial . Because I loved them so much -LRB- along with what they represent -RRB- I overlooked the inferior liquid capacity . They can take an 8 ounce bottle if you catch it quickly . But , if you do n't -LRB- or if bebe is sleeping -RRB- be prepared to change clothing . It is POSSIBLE that I did n't use the right stage . I 'm getting stage 5 next time and we 'll see how that works.As an important side note , my son suffered far less from diaper rash with these diapers . I had suspected that he was slightly allergic to some of the more common brands . It seems I could be right .
 I tried other chlorine-free options out there for my son who has a sensitive bum and gets diaper rash constantly with Pampers , Huggies , and all the others that use chlorine . These are by far the BEST diapers out there . They fit better than the `` normal '' brands , and having him free of diaper rash is of course the biggest plus . Although I 'm sure that cloth diapers are best environmentally speaking , I think that these diapers are the best option if you are looking for a gentle and more conventional option . I honestly do n't have the time to deal with machine washing cloth inserts every day and toting a bunch of crap -LRB- literally -RRB- in my diaper bag .
 We use to use G-diapers until they switched to their new `` improved '' style . Which has a horribly large slightly stiff elastic waste band that dug into my daughters belly and would scratch her.We love these diapers ; we have never had any leakage problems . But we typically try to change her every 2-3 hours . They are not the best solution if you have a heavy night time wetter . I suggest using a G diaper insert inside the seven gen diaper for night time use . This works very well for my daughter even when she would nurse all night long . -LRB- thank goodness we 're past that now -RRB- We 've tried other `` greener '' disposable diapers that are out there and none were as good as these . We use cloth mostly when we 're at home but for vacations and outings we use these . They still are n't the best for the environment , but they are much better for your baby and better for the environment then most disposables .
 I bought Seventh Generation diapers thinking I would n't like them . I thought they were going to leak and not fit as well as Pampers diapers . Boy I was SO wrong ! I was a die hard Pampers fan up until now that is . I even used Pampers on my first child 6 years ago . My son was having very bad diaper rash issues until I changed to Seventh Generation diapers and now it is gone ... I have only been using them for about 2 weeks . I am SO happy I decided to give them a try . They do not leak and they fit great . I have nothing but wonderful things to say about them .
 I have tried a lot of options when it comes to diapering my children . I have used cloth -LRB- both pocket diapers and prefolds -RRB- , gDiapers , and the most well known paper diapers . I have found Seventh Generation to be really easy to use and absorbs very well . We rarely have a leak . Of course the best thing is that it is better for the environment than Pampers or Huggies.My only complaint is that they seem to run a bit small when it comes to sizing . Ex
 My son had a bad diaper rash for several days so we bought these diapers and with the help of some magic butt cream and these non-bleached beauties , the rash cleared right up ! Just what I 'd hoped ! I 'll be sticking with these from now on .
 A chlorine free diaper that 's better for your baby 's skin and the environment . These diapers work very well and I recommend them not only because they work well , but because it 's a better choice for you , your baby and the earth .
 we order these along with flossers , wipes , deodorent , hand soap and baby clothes soap all in bulk through Amazon - it costs less than the local grocery store and it all comes with super saver shipping - these diapers rule for the daytime - no dioxins -LRB- unbleached -RRB- - but still fill the landfill - working on that with G diapers , but wish Amazon carried them .
 Can not say enough good things about these diapers ! I decided to try these out on our 3 month old daughter when she ran out of her old brand . Was n't so sure we would like them , now we ca n't live without them . She has n't had any blowouts , and they always seem to keep her dry . We also noticed that she does n't get diaper rash since switching to this diaper . Love them !!
 Since I usually cloth diaper at home , finding a disposible diaper that fit in with my lifestyle choices when traveling was hard until I discovered 7th generation diapers . These diapers are wonderful ~ my boys and I have never had a bad experience with them . Never any blow outs . I ca n't say enough good things about them .
 The `` absolute horror '' review scared us for a while , but other positive reviews convinced us to at least try these diapers . When we first bought Stage 1 diapers , we did find the elastic tabs to be too hard . When our baby started to kick more , the tabs did start to be a problem . They scratched his tummy once.BUT now , Seventh Generation has fixed the problem . When we contacted customer service through their website , they were SOOOO nice to us ! They replaced our old ones with new ones ! This is the info they gave us : For stage 1 , any package with a lot number of 6157 or later , will have the new , softer , stickier tabs . For stage 2 , it would be 6170 . Those are the first 4 numbers of the lot # , meaning , made in 2006 , the 157th day . The lot # is located on the side seam of the package , or on the velcro part of the tab . It took Amazon a while to get the new ones , but the last time we ordered , they finally had the new ones.These diapers have no smell to them at all , and we do n't mind the beige color . They are very thick and absorbent . The tabs are AWESOME , now ! They stretch and are much softer , so they do n't scratch our baby . Also , he does n't get diaper rash with these diapers . When we switched to another brand for a bit -LRB- until they resolved the problem -RRB- , we were blown away by the `` baby powder `` scent of the other diapers and missed the Seventh Generation elastic tabs . The other brand also leaked more often and gave our baby diaper rash . We could n't wait to switch back to Seventh Generation.Soon , we will move on to Stage 3 . Thanks , Seventh Generation , on behalf of me , my wife , and our little one !
 These diapers fit my little girl great ! It is a good value to buy them on Amazon , and it saves trips to the store !
 The diapers are almost exactly the same as other brands , but knowing that it has almost no chlorine makes it a winner for me . The only 1 problem I get with it , it is not strechy around baby -LRB- like the Huggies -RRB- , and I can see that my baby sometimes tries to pull them up -LRB- maybe they come off ? -RRB- . So make sure you put them tied enough .
 My wife and I use these diapers pretty exclusively . They hold a lot of liquid in there . We use them pretty much throughout they day and have upgraded since our son was a newborn . He uses a different diaper for bedtime -LRB- since he sleeps about 11 hours -RRB- . I recommend them highly and can now get them at our local grocery store .
 The diapers work great for my toddler -LRB- 18 month old -RRB- . Did not leak during the day , and one small leak one night . The diaper is on the smaller side , I do n't think a 30 + lb baby is going to fit into the size 4 . My baby is 23-24 lb and barely fit into the size 4 . Other than sizing , it is a very good product , high quality .
 We found these diapers when we started looking for something a little more `` Earth Friendly '' and we decided to give them a try . They are great ! Not only do they absorb moisture as good as the big name brand ones , but they have reduced the amount of rashes my daughter has developed . Its great to know we are using a product that is not harming the planet as much as the processed bleach diapers which are out on the market . Try them , you will love them !!
 I love this product and other products by this company ! They are very enviromentally friendly and do not bother my daughters skin . She has never had a diaper rash . There are many reasons to buy this product ! They are expensive , but they are worth it !
 I love the new changes ! The stretchy tabs are less irritating on my daughter 's skin than the original tabs . The old ones were stiff and scratchy , while these new ones are soft and flexible . The surface of the diaper also seems softer and not as scratchy as the old version . These diapers are very absorbant , and rarely leak , -LRB- at least no more than I 've experienced with Pampers and Huggies -RRB- . I 've only had one instance of the tabs coming undone over night . I think that the problem was the edge of the tab was not pressed down tightly , and got caught on the inside of my daughter 's pjs . Luckily , the diapers were absorbant enough that nothing leaked out.I previously gave the original version of this product a poor rating because of the scratchy cover , it irritated my daughter 's skin and and caused a rash that took several days to clear up . I have had no such problem with the new version . I also use the smaller size on my 4 month old son.I would recomend this product for anyone who is concerned about the use of chlorine in diapers , and desires a more Earth-friendly product .
 We 've been using 7th Gen diapers for years now , and the recent changes to the diapers are great improvements . Will continue to use them till all kids are potty trained .
 We have recently switched to seventh generation from ordinary diaper and have found that the size 5 diapers seem to be more like size 4 in standard diapers . Am considering trying the size 6 diapers to test theory . Have had a bit more leaks , but nothing that would make us use a different diaper . Basically a good product and one you can feel good about !
 A diaper is a diaper , or so I thought . These diapers were Great quality and just seemed overall more durable than the Huggies I had been using . After buying them on Amazon I did a price comparison and the price is really the same , all but a couple cents depending on if I used a Huggies coupon or not . If someone has recommended these diapers to you because your baby has a medical reason to need them , BUY THEM !! But if you 're just doing it because of the whole organic , natural thing ... you might want to reconsider . My daughter had diaper rash all the time , and these diapers were pretty much the same as Huggies and Pampers .
 I have been converting my house into a safe and toxin free environment for my little guy , and switching to these Chlorine free diapers was one of my first decisions . My husband was skeptical at first , but after using them he was hooked . Thay are softer , and more flexible for baby 's movement , not to mention they have a larger range for weight . I have n't had any problems with leaks except for one overnight accident where little man had a number 1 and 2 -- after 10 hours of sleep , his diaper could n't hold any more ! I would recommend these diapers to anyone . Besides the comforts for babe , I feel I am making a difference in his health and for the environment .
 We 've been using seventh generation diapers for a while -LRB- son is now 14 months -RRB- . Overall , they 're pretty good , but probably not quite as good as regular diapers . A few extra leaks . But they do a pretty good job and they make me feel so much better than regular diapers -LRB- I just could n't do cloth -RRB- . I would recommend buying a bigger size than indicated . We had to switch to size 4 when my son was only 20lbs , even though size 3 claims to be good up until 27 lbs or something like that . Also , I like the fact that they do n't have cartoon characters on them , but it would be useful to have the size printed on them . We left diapers at grandparents ' houses , in the car , in various diaper bags , etc. and it 's hard to know which size they are and whether they still fit .
 After using Pampers for the first few weeks I switched to Seventh Generation Chlorine Free Diapers once I learned about the chemicals contained in regular diapers . Seventh Generation are just as good as Pampers and fit just as well . I would encourage everyone to try this product - for baby 's sake and a cleaner environment .
 We really these compared to other brands . They are about the same price as others when on sale . Definitely worth it .
 I love Seventh Generation diapers . Since I used them my baby never , ever had a diaper rash . I love the fact that is chlorine free . I would spend every penny on them . Do you ever wonder why babies have diaper rash ? Because all these big companies use bleach in diapers that releases the poisonous substance dioxin -LRB- substance that was proven to cause cancer -RRB- . I would highly recommend Seventh Generation products to all moms out there .
 Excellent service and product was in good condition .
 I really like these diapers ... They are softer for the baby and much less `` crackely '' than regular disposables . The only reason I did not give them a full five stars is the higher price -LRB- what will it take to get doing less damage to the environment costing less !? -RRB- and the slightly bulkier fit , which was not a problem for me , but might be for some people .
 Only the best for our babies . And this diaper is it . No leaks custom-like fit , never stinky . We have a 25 month old girl and a 12 month old boy with different body shapes , and they both wear Stage 4 's . I have to admit , we did like the old model of 7th gen better . But no other diaper on the market compares . Period .
 I have tried every brand of diapers out there - including other non-chlorine diapers . And these are by far the best . We almost never have problems with leaking and they do n't have the foul smell that Pampers and Huggies have . I would highly recommend these to everyone .
 I love Seventh Generation diapers . Since I used them my baby never , ever had a diaper rash . I love the fact that is chlorine free . I would spend every penny on them . Do you ever wonder why babies have diaper rash ? Because all these big companies use bleach in diapers that releases the poisonous substance dioxin -LRB- substance that was proven to cause cancer -RRB- . I would highly recommend Seventh Generation products to all moms out there .
 My daughter has had very bad eczema since basically birth - including bad cradle cap , etc. . She 's actually using prescription lotion to help keep the rash under control . Along with this she has had trouble with diaper rash , much more so than her twin sister who does n't have any of these problems.So I started trying different diaper brands and the Seventh Generation diapers really help to keep the diaper rash at bay !! My guess is that they are less irritating to her skin because they have n't been bleached , etc. ? Now she still gets the rash , everywhere except where her diaper covers!Also - I 'm a bit of a diaper snob as far as how good the `` stretchy tabs '' are , the elastic around the legs , etc. and these are just as good if not better than Pampers Swadlers/Cruisers . I use the Pampers on my other daughter -LRB- because the girls wear different size diapers and it 's easier to tell them apart if the colors are different -RRB- and I am just as pleased with the ease of use and non-leaking of the diaper with the Pampers and the Seventh Generation .
 We use disposables at night and on trips and cloth other times . These are awesome . They fit pretty good , although they seem to be cut more for a long baby than a wide one -LRB- ours -RRB- . When we have used other diapers , I can smell something chemical and gross outside of the gross natural smells . With these , that does n't happen , so when he pees , I do n't smell pee all the time . I feel better about these for his skin although I 'm not sure they make any difference for the environment , which is unfortunate . For the most part , though , I think these are the best . Also , they are very very absorbent . He can go all night without leaking in one of these and sometimes when he drinks more , we do add a cloth liner and then he his sure not to leak .
 I got these as a shower gift and was skeptical . I waited until all of my other diapers were gone before I opened them . I was so surprised . They work at guarding against leaks better than any other diaper I 've used . I keep ordering them . They are great . Just a note , their diapers seem to run a bit small . So , keep that mind if you 're fitting really well in a three in another brand , you may need a four in Seventh Gen.
 We loved these diapers . We wanted to go with cloth diapers , but the last diaper service in our area went out of business three months before our daughter was born . I knew I did not have it in me to do the cloth diapers by hand . We did some research into diapers that were the least harmful to the environment , and we came up with these . They have worked great !!
 By far the most economical way to obtain these diapers - I hope Amazon will continue to carry the bulk packages . Baby is quite happy with them too .
 We gave these diapers a try after diaper rashes and urinary tract infections . While I do n't know yet if they will help the infections they have really helped the rashes . I like how they do n't smell like a chemical and get squishy when they are wet . The lack of color was hard to get used to but now I prefer it . I really like how they fit and have n't had any leaks , she wears them thru the night . I wish they were more readily available . They do leave a gel residue , but so does huggies . And it does n't seem to hurt anything , so I give them 5 stars .
 We 've been using these for about a year now . My daughter never gets diaper rash . And , they hardly ever leak -LRB- maybe 3x in 1 year -RRB- . They even hold through an entire night . I would recommend them to anyone .
 these are so great . we have used seventh generation diapers for over a year now and our son has never had a diaper rash and has only had one or two minor blowouts .
 I have always been a Pampers devoted mommy until I used these diapers . Not only are they better for your baby 's skin , but they are soft and do n't leak . I tell all of my friends about these diapers and other products that Seventh Generation makes . Their diaper wipes are also great . Just give them a try . They ship really fast also .
 THE CHLORINE FREE DIAPERS , ARE VERY GOOD DIAPERS . THERE , NO RASH . THE BABY HAD AN ALLERY , TO OTHER BRANDS.SO I ` AM VERY PLEASE .
 I love the 7th Gen diapers for my 13 month old . No leaks , non-toxic , easy to put on , no little gel balls on her skin , no chaffing on her little thighs from too-tight elastic and no silly designs on the diaper so it looks better under clothing -LRB- ok , that 's my little vanity thing ... haha -RRB- . I feel better with her going all night in this diaper .
 One of the main concerns with any diaper is leakage . From my experience these Seventh Generation diapers do n't leak . They have a little elastic on the back side -LRB- unlike Pampers -RRB- that helps with blow outs . Since these diapers are brown , they do n't stand out , at first I thought they were kind of weird but now I actually prefer them . My 10 month old does n't care if there are characters on his diaper . My only complaint is that they still have the crystals inside so they are n't as `` green '' as I would like . But I do believe they are a step in the right direction . I also highly recommend getting a diaper subscription .
 I 've used a few different brands of diapers in my day , but I wish I had known about this brand before my three kids were potty trained ... well , I 'm not sure if they made it when my 25 year old was little . BUT , at least my granddaughter has the pleasure of experiencing the eco-friendly diaper for herself . She just loves using them up . ; - DI hesitated to try these as I have tried `` natural '' items like these before -LRB- personal feminine items , shampoos , deodorants , etc. that just did n't work well ... -RRB- But I was pleasantly surprised by this wonderful product . It is a very well made diaper . The baby has fewer blowouts in these diapers ... On the rare occasions where we get caught without a diaper and have to borrow a `` regular '' diaper from someone who still buys Huggies or whatever , we always try to rush home to get our trusty 7th Generation diapers because we know if she goes , there wo n't be a mess . They are softer than I expected them to be for brown diapers . Keeps wetness away ... they breathe well and she 's has not had even one rash so far . And the thought of putting a diaper that has been processed with chlorine next to my sweet grandbaby 's bottom ... well , it 's just unsavory . The only problem I 've had with these diapers is keeping them stocked because my youngest daughter likes to swipe them to put on her dress-up teddy bear.The price on Amazon is better than I can find anywhere , especially with the subscription rate of an extra 15 % off to have it shipped automatically ! If we have any leftovers when we switch to a larger size , we 'll give them as shower gifts in a nice basket with some Burt 's Bees and some other nice eco-friendly items ... so they do n't get wasted .
 These diapers are fantastic . No chemical , fake smell . Very absorbant and the tabs are super stretchy so they fit very snug . Best brand out there !
 I actually gave samples of my son 's diapers to the other kids in his daycare class for them to try as I believe they are that wonderful and how great is it to buy a diaper that is not hurting the environment half as much as `` the mainstream diapers '' . He NEVER gets diaper rash with these , they rarely smell of pee after he goes , and they can hold a lot of pee !
 These diapers are one of the best on the market . I rarely have leaks and can have my daughter in one outfit a day . My daughter gets a lot less redness and diaper rashes with these diapers . They do n't have cute pictures on them , but they work , and that 's what matters to us .
 I ca n't say enough about these diapers . I LOVE these ! My son has very sensitive skin and he kept getting really bad rashes and little red bumps on his butt with other diapers , so I decided to give these a try . I bought a small pack at my local store to see if they were better . After 2 days of him wearing these , I went online to buy them in bulk . In the 3 months since he started wearing these , he has not had any rashes or red bumps . The best part of all , they do n't leak !! I have never seen a diaper that can hold so much pee . Like someone else said I was kind of surprised at the color when I opened the 1st pack , but now that I think about it I like this better -LRB- no harsh chemicals on little sensitive butts ! -RRB- I read some of the reviews about the `` scratchy tape '' and all I can say is that I have not had any problems with this -LRB- I actually had to get 1 of my son 's diapers to try and see what they were talking about -RRB- . Maybe it 's my son 's build that protects him -LRB- we call him our `` little truck '' -RRB- . If you 're deciding whether to buy these , do it - you wo n't regret it ! These make for 1 happy baby - and mommy !
 These are comparable in price to other brands at the grocery store but are much better for baby . They do n't have a funny smell like other brands and are comfortable . The only problem is that because of the dark tan color of the diaper people often think my baby has gone to the bathroom .
 I 've never really used Pampers or Huggies brand diapers , but I have tried a lot of different ` eco-friendly ' brands , both here and abroad . When re-usables stopped being a viable option for me I needed to find a disposable that soothed my conscience . Seventh Generation seems to tick most of the boxes - it 's absorbent , soft against the delicate baby bits , and I 've never had any leaking problems ... and my daughter is prone to ` blaster-poops ' . The price is reasonable too , especially if you buy in bulk . There are other brands out there that are more environmentally friendly , but I have n't found one yet that provides me with the same level of performance .
 I tried these diapers for the environmental aspect - As a working mom I did n't feel I had the time for cloth -LRB- heck , I ca n't even keep up with the ~ regular ~ laundry ! -RRB- so I looked for the next best thing , and it came down to these or g-diapers , and these were cheaper . In my opinion , they work just as well as pampers and huggies - good fit , minimal leaks , and easy to use tabs .
 I have used these diapers since my baby was about one month old . He is six months old now , and I was using them in addition to our local cloth diaper service . These eco-friendly diapers are great at locking in urine , but are n't the best at keeping in stools . The stools tend to shoot up the back of the diaper . I 'm baby potty training our son now , and he seems to prefer doing his stool business on the potty . I would recommend any parent to start baby potty training as soon as your child has head control -LRB- sitting up on their own is not a requirement , but can be helpful -RRB- . This can help reduce the use of disposable diapers and help the make the potty training transition natural .
 These diapers may not be the cutest , but who wants their baby wearing attractive undies yet , anyway ? I can rely on these as an overnight diaper for my 7 month old without worrying that we 'll have leak-out issues , the moisture is efficiently wicked away from baby 's skin -LRB- preventing moisture rashes and irritation -RRB- , and they are unbleached and more environmentally friendly than most other brands of throw-away diapers . Diapers are used up so quickly that it 's a good idea to order a case at a time online -LRB- it 's cheaper , and less emergency runs to the market when you see that your diaper bag is empty -RRB- , unless you 're baby is close to changing sizes.As with most other diapers , do n't trust that if your baby fits the size description on the bag -- for example , although a baby may only weigh 17 lbs , he/she may not fit stage 3 diapers and needs stage 4 diapers -LRB- which are indicated for babies 22-37 lbs -RRB- . It 's all about the circumference of the baby thighs !
 Baby does n't get a rash with these diapers , plus no chemicals or fragrance . No product branding . Less leakage than any other diaper we tried . He 'll actually go a whole day without needing an outfit change -LRB- we used to change his clothes 3-4x per day with other diapers -RRB- . The only small thing is the color is a little odd when you 're used to seeing white diapers all your life . You get used to this -LRB- the color matches our beige furniture -RRB- .
 Well I am a mom of a 8 month old baby so diapers are a big thing for me . I wanted diapers that were comfortable , durable , and reliable . Since my baby was born I used huggies baby shaped fit . I loved these diapers , I used huggies diapers and wipes and I really was happy with the product . Lately I have been trying to live a more environmentally friendly life style . I was in a chat room and someone mentioned this brand so I went to go check it out . The price was very good , it definitely is a lot cheaper than my huggies . They seemed like great diapers and they were good for the environment . My fear was that because most eco friendly products tend to be more expensive , but this was not the case . At that point I was sold , I ordered a subscription which is nice because it saves you money and you do n't have to keep reordering . I received the diapers and they turned out to be a very good product . With my baby 's old diapers he kept having a poopy blow out problem but we do n't have that problem anymore . The only complaint is that they are not the most fashionable ones . They are plain brown so they are not as cute , but its a sacrifice that I was willing to make . I recommend these diapers for anyone and everyone . They are just overall great diapers and being eco friendly is a plus = -RRB-
 I love the fact that by using these diapers , we 're doing something good for our baby 's health -LRB- no chemicals/chlorine -RRB- and something for the enviroment . These diapers are a little on the higher side , but just by a few $ $ / per package and in my mind they are totally worth it . And if purchased through Amazon the savings are amazing . I purchased these at the local health food store to try before I made a large order and was taken to the cleaners by what they charge in the store . Much better to buy online.I did read a lot of the reviews online before purchasing and felt that many parents did n't have the issue of `` blowouts '' compared to the name brand . I 've had some issues and it may just be because my little guy is so gassy and he 's breastfed ... everything just runs through him . I can deal w / the occasional blowout - just ends up making more laundry , but that 's okay . Overall , great product and company !
 These diapers are great . Not only are they better for the environment and your child but they actually work . We have tried other brands of chlorine free diapers that did not absorb . These absorb ! We use them at night time and have no leaks . -LRB- Our son is in cloth diapers during the day . -RRB- I would recommend them to everyone ! And the price is similar to the regular diapers that use chlorine and chemicals ... not good for babies skin . Use these all natural diapers instead .
 We tried cloth , but it was n't for us . The Seventh Generation diapers are a good alternative . We like that they are scent , marketing -LRB- sesame street etc. -RRB- , and chlorine free . The tabs stick & re-stick very well ; they 're almost like velcro . The only downsides
 I have to say that I tried just every disposable diaper out there . These are , by far , my favorite . My daughter is yet to ` leak ' through these diapers . The fasteners are streatchy so you can put them on nice and snug , and they will still contour your baby 's shape . The fact that they are chlorine free is an added bonus . Love Them !
 Seventh generation diapers are by far the best diapers that I have ever used on my child . It is to bad that I did not know about these with my last three children . Ordering through amazon with scheduled shipments is the most cost effective way that I have found to purchase these diapers . Ordering is easy , and the delivery is very fast . I am very pleased with this product , and will continue to use this service , until my child is out of diapers .
 I strongly recommend to buy 7th Generation Diapers.They fit very well , few leaks and most of all , is a better option for people who care about the environment.Seventh Generation Chlorine Free Baby Diapers , Stage 3 -LRB- 16-28 Lbs . -RRB- , Case of 120 Diapers
 I bought these diapers b/c they were environmentally friendly and also friendly for my baby . However , you need to make sure you change your baby frequently in these as they do have the tendency to leak . As long as you do that , they are a good diaper . Also , do not use these for overnight -LRB- I use pampers for nights -RRB- as they will leak .
 I was a devout Pampers lover for quite a long time . They held overnight , they fit well , and I never ever had a problem with leaks . Then again , unless it 's overnight , I never let him sit in a diaper for longer than three hours -LRB- and that 's pushing it for me . Just because they 're extra absorbent , does n't mean you should let them sit in them for 6 hours -RRB- Around Christmas time , my son developed a bad case of eczema . We went back and forth with the pediatrician who gave us anti fungal meds , and when that did n't work , tried to get us to use diaper rash ointment , after me repeatedly telling them it was n't diaper rash . After reading up on disposables , I read a lot about how many toxins were in disposables , bleach , chlorine , dioxins , perfumes -LRB- I 'm not trying to be an alarmist here , but really , you do n't sit in toxic underwear , do you ? Why should your baby -RRB- and it made me sick . We took bi-weekly swimming classes and the chlorine in the pool , on top of the chlorine in the diaper started to aggravate his skin . Long story long , I got rid of all of our conventionals and bought Seventh Gen.During the Day , he 's fine with them . We did have a day where every single diaper we put on him leaked . I 'm not sure if it was just a bad few diapers , or if he just decided to be a camel and store all of his water . But otherwise , he does well with them , and we have n't had a problem with eczema since . Night time , on the other hand is a different story . I either have to risk waking him up to change him in the middle of the night , or catch him if he happens to wake up on a bad night . Otherwise , he pees through . He 's a super soaker at night . So if you have a baby that wets heavily at night , you may need to find an alternative for night time use.I 'd like to say that I feel good about doing my part for the environment , but the truth is , they 're still a disposable , and they still hundreds of years to break down . Even if they are chemical free . * Edited * I thought I would make mention to the redesign of these diapers . In the last month or so , they 've changed the tabs on these diapers , like others have mentioned . I hate the new tabs . They are n't as stretchy and they 've compromised the diaper somehow . Either I 've gotten a bad batch , or Seventh Generation has been skimping on quality , because in the last two days , three of my diapers have ripped at the tab seam . Just a word of warning .
 this is a good option for those people interested in disposable diapers that are a little bit better for the earth . The best way to go is cloth , but this is a good alternative .
 These diapers are great . I have tried many different brands and these are just as absorbent and well-fitted . Wonderful quality and the Amazon price ca n't be beat . Chlorine free is the way to go . Who wants to take a chance when it comes to the health of your baby ? Not me .
 I love the 7th generation products in general but with the amount of diapers kids go through it 's a lot of chemicals etc going into the earth -LRB- and being rubbed against your child -RRB- . When you buy these on subscribe and save the extra discount takes them down to being cheaper than some regular diapers too ... Thanks !
 My daughter had terrible eczema and it would n't go away . Finally a friend recommended these diapers , just to see if it might be the problem . It was only a few days after we switched the the rash was gone . These diapers are great for kids with allergies.As diapers , this is the most affordable place I 've found then and they are n't that much more than Huggies . I have n't had any problems with leaks and the seem to fit her well and move with her , versus some cheap diapers that bunch up and look uncomfortable .
 I like both the Seventh Generation and the Pampers Swaddlers diapers . If your baby has a sensitive/more prone to irritation skin I would recommend the Seventh Generation brand .
 We 're going through our third case of 7thGen diapers and am completely satisfied with our selection . The diapers run small , so definitely order the next larger size even if you think you are SURE the smaller size will fit . Even at 15 pounds our son needed size 3 's . Never had a blowout , but we have had infrequent leaks , which is expected with little boys ! Over all , well pleased with the diapers and will continue using them !
 We love this diaper for our baby . However , we have noticed a gel like residue upon changing the diaper as well . The diapers are very absorbent and have no artificial fragrance . We also use the 7th generation wipes along with these diapers . So far , we have had no issues with rashes etc. . We always recommend these diapers to our friends.The only issue we found is the fit of these diapers . Our baby is merely 10 lbs and we use the 1st stage diaper -LRB- 8-14 lbs -RRB- . However , it is already tight on him . We are thinking about moving to the 2nd stage already .
 Diapers are affordable and have never caused a single irritation with our baby . They are off-white so be prepared for a more `` natural '' look for your baby 's bum !
 We love these . They do n't have any smell or stupid cartoons all over them . They are cheaper here than anywhere else , and with free delivery , I could n't be happier .
 We use these diapers on our newborn . They absorb better than Pampers and do n't seem to leak nearly as often as any other brand . They are also priced to be comparable to the traditional brands . The best part is that they use less energy and chlorine to make than the traditional brands . Thus they are better for the environment . I highly recommend them for any baby . Even our pediatrician was impressed and indicated that they are perfect for babies with sensative skin.To quote Dr. Seuss in the Lorax , `` I am the Lorax . I speak for the trees for the trees have no tongue . '' Uses these as a good green alternative .
 My 8 month old son suddenly had a severe diaper rash -LRB- we think b/c of the antibiotics he was taking -RRB- . He has been in Huggies diapers ever since his birth . We kept him bare during the days and it really helped but every morning the rash would reappear and he would be in such pain . A friend always uses this brand of diapers and offered me a few to try and after 2 days of using nothing but chlorine free diapers - my son 's rash disappeared and to date has NOT returned ! It 's been 3 weeks . It 's interesting that my son 's sensitive skin decided to react against Huggies at such a late date but I 'm very grateful for these diapers and am dedicated to using this brand for my son until he is old enough to potty train !!
 I must admit that I had some reservations about this purchase given that the more environmentally-sound products often do n't work as well , but these diapers are great ! They work just as well as standard diapers -LRB- pampers and huggies -RRB- and have really helped my daughter with her diaper rash that seemed to be caused by the chlorine in regular diapers . the fit is perfect too . If you can afford to pay a bit more , well worth the money .
 While I think these diapers are the best disposable choice - we 're on our third case from Amazon - I am disappointed that quite a few of the diapers from our current batch have been unusable due to some manufacturing problem . They are not sealed and the absorbent crystals have leaked out all over our house . Even with that issue , I 'm not going to switch brands because I like the fact that these are unscented and unbleached . If you 've ever smelled Luvs , you 'll know how disgusting a perfumed diaper can smell .
 I love these diapers . Not only did my son stop getting diaper rash these diapers do n't leak . They have a really stretchy waistband that I love . I highly recommend the seventh generation diapers .
 We have been using Seventh Generation diapers and wipes since our son was born 10 months ago . During this time , he has had virtually no instances of diaper rash or other irritation . He goes to day care during the week and they change diapers every 1-2 hours , but here at home we probably change more like every 3-4 hours , unless of course it 's poop ! These diapers are pretty absorbent and rarely leak , but they do sometimes in the morning if he has wet a lot during the night - what can you expect after 6-8 hours ? I am very happy with our choice to use this diaper and with Amazon Prime I can have them in just a two days with no shipping charges . I would recommend these to anyone who is looking for a diaper that does n't have characters , is more eco-friendly and costs about the same as most other diapers with the Subscribe and Save program .
 Great diapers ! Not only are they very absorbant and good against diaper rash , they are also good for the environment . What more can you want ?
 Nice wide tabs for secure fastening . No leaking , and I have a boy . Have n't had a single case of diaper rash . And I believe that has to do with the No-Chloride aspect of these diapers . I also recommend the wipes . Ordering them online is a great convenience and I did n't have to pay shipping . The price is comparable to most name brand diapers and in emergencies I have tried others and they just do n't compare . Yes , they are not gleaming white , but again , that 's the no-bleach thing . Do something great for your baby and the planet as well . Just an FYI , they do carry them at Babies R Us if you need them in a pinch and ca n't wait for delivery .
 We 've been using these diapers for about the past 6 months or so for my daughter & they have been awesome ! They almost never leak , are very soft & comfy , and I love that they do n't have any characters on them . I 'm so glad to be supporting an Earth friendly company as well . I would recommend these to anyone ... : -RRB-
 These diapers do the trick and spare the environment . Chlorine free and made from recycled paper . We use these in conjunction with cloth diapers to take care of our little one , and they work out great for trips away from home , or other instances when we do n't want to deal with cloth diaper clean-up .
 These are great diapers . No harmful chlorine . And , they work great . No leaks , even overnight when super full . Fit well too . They do run a little small but I experienced that with other brands too .
 these are probably the ugliest diapers i have ever seen ... but i love them !!!!! the have elastic on the front , back and the tabs are super stretchy ... they keep the tt and poo in and off my baby 's clothes ! love them love them love them!I 've only had them on her for 2 days , but her rash is already getting better !
 After initially starting down the path of cloth diapers , which for various reasons did n't work out , I can honestly say that I am very happy with these diapers.They are an excellent alternative to your typical diapers like Huggies that you find in the stores because they work just as well as those other brands with the added benefits of not being bleached with chlorine and with Amazon 's subscribe and save program they are comparable in price as well .
 I love these diapers . I started using Huggies but after size 2 they did n't fit well , then I switched to pampers which fit well and seemed comfortable for my baby . But I was always curious about the seventh generation diapers because I was already using natural products for my family . Because they were pricey , I started with the Wholefoods store brand until I came across the great prices on Amazon . The diapers fit better than any diaper I 've tried and keep him dry day and night .
 Seventh Generation are best disposable diapers on the market . Chlorine-free , breathable , cloth-like material . The diapers do not leak , and there is no diaper rash . We used these diapers with our first child who is 3 years old and potty trained now , and we are also using them with the new baby . I started using cloth diapers for the baby during the day in the summer , and I like these best - the baby boy does not get overheated , cloth diapers are cheaper overtime and most earth-friendly . However , we still use seventh generation diapers at night for extra absorbancy.We liked the `` old '' design of 7th gen diapers considerably better . The `` new '' design should be ranked 3 stars when compared to the previous design . However , looking at what 's currently available on the market , 7th gen and cloth combo is the best option for us .
 I just love Seventh Generation products ! I have used them for over 13 years and since we adopted our now 16 month old son Seventh Generation diapers is all he has warn . Why do we need to have our diapers white when the Chlorine only pollutes our waters and iritates our skin . The only reason I gave it a 4 out of 5 is that the new style , with the elastic , leaves a gel residue on my son , which never occured with the older style . If they could bring back the old absorbant material my rating would definetly go up to a 5 .
 I like that these diapers are more earth friendly than many on the market . However , they still add to landfill . I find that the weight guidelines are not accurate - but neither are the more common brands . Currently using Stage 5 on a 24 lb . baby . Absorption seems slightly less than common brands , but trade off for no chlorine worth it to me .
 I used 7th Generation diapers for my first daughter , whose skin is so sensitive , that she would break out in huge red welts , even with cloth diapers . She never had a problem with the 7th Generation diapers . The are natural , feel soft and can hold a lot of liquid -LRB- not that you should or would let your child build up as much as the diaper can actually hold -RRB- . I also starting using 7th Generation again for my second child when she starting showing signs of the same type of skin sensitivity . I love these diapers !
 I have been buying Seventh Generation Diapers for many months . Once I found them on Amazon I was delighted . I can purchase them cheaper here then in the store on or Ebay AND I can get them deliveried to my door for free . Im buying for two different children so I purchase a case a month . I love them and they are great for the environment , ever little bit helps . As someone else said , the color is funny and I have had more people comment on that then anything else : -RRB- They look tea stained.I thing I found that might be helpful for some people is my kids used to break out in a rash alot using regular disposable diapers , once I switched to these ... no more rashes . Last month I ran out and had to use store bought diapers again and the rash was back.I also use the wipes . Great products .
 I normally cloth diaper my son , but use disposables occasionally -LRB- when travelling , etc -RRB- . I try to be as envir . responsible as possible and was feeling very guilty buying national brand diapers , since I know they are anything but . The materials used in Seventh Generation diapers are much more envir . friendly and they work great . Plus , no more annoying cartoon characters staring at you while changing a poopy diaper : -RRB-
 Not only are these diapers safe for my baby but also for the environment . Love them !!!
 We like the product but we just wish it could any cheaper compared to the other mainstream brands .
 My son had bad diaper rash with every other brand . I only wish I had found these sooner . After the skin cleared , I used a few leftover Pampers - the rash returned ; after going back to 7th generation , once again skin is healthy ! The wipes are excellent as well !!
 I 'm a first time mom and only discover what great products are by trials and errors . I 've used Huggies , Pampers and Kirkland brand diapers and finally settled with Seventh Generation because it 's a chlorine free product , and it 's better designed so that the fasteners do not cause irritation to the skin as much as the other brands . It 's definitely a bit more expensive but I think it 's worth the extra .
 I tried every diaper available at the store and my son would always be itching at his waistband . He would also get a rash on his lower back . We finally found relief as soon as we started using these diapers . They are great hypoallergenic diapers . If you start to have problem with leakage , go up a size and that will usually fix the problem . It did for us . And that scratchy problem others have talked about must have been fixed , I have been using these on my son for 6 months without any problems.Don ' t forget to use subscribe and save to get that extra discount ! You can cancel anytime directly from your account page . It is great !
 I love these diapers . They are simple , environmentally-friendly and fit great . I truly think my daughter 's skin is less irritated when she wears these . And I like that they 're not covered in cartoon characters like other diapers.They are more expensive , so I sometimes revert back to the cheaper Pampers option , but I always come back to Seventh Generation .
 We 've used Seventh Generation Diapers -LRB- and wipes -RRB- since our son came home from the hospital almost two years ago . We decided that if we were n't going to use cloth diapers , this was going to be the next best thing . Several friends gave us other brands of diapers which we used until they ran out , but we were always happiest with Seventh Generation , not only because they 're more ecologically made -LRB- hooray -RRB- but because they do n't have that nasty chemical smell . It used to drive us crazy when we used our pampers.They absorb just as well as other store brands , and if you purchase them as part of the subscribe and save option at Amazon you get free shipping and an extra 15 percent off which makes them evenly priced with Pampers at the store .
 I LOVE THESE PAMPERS . THEY FIT GREAT , DO NOT HAVE THE OVERNIGHT LEAKAGE . IS EASY ON MY BABY 'S BOTTOM . I HAVE BEEN USING THEM FOR A PERIOD OF 4 YEARS WITH ALL MY CHILDREN HAVE YET TO SEE A CASE OF DIAPER RASH OR REDNESS OF MY BABY 'S BOTTOM . IF I HAD ANOTHER CHILD I WOULD USE IT AGAIN .
 Great diapers . My daugther is 6 1/2 months old and we have not had one leaky diaper . They work exactly the same as pampers and huggies !
 We used cloth for three years with our first child , and for almost a year with our second . Then I got sick of laundry ! We used regular disposables for a year , then I got to feeling guilty :-RRB- Getting 7th Generation delivered , they are only a little more expensive than Kirkland diapers from Costco , and they 're just as good . And I like knowing they will actually break down and biodegrade . We 'll definitely use the amazon delivery for future babies .
 We have been pleased with these diapers . From an environmental standpoint they are good . Chlorination produces dioxins which are known carcinogens and also contribute to birth defects . These diapers are not chlorinated , so manufacturing does n't produce dioxins . On the downside , they are a disposable diaper and are not biodegradable . Knowing Seventh Generation , however , just give it time . From Mom 's view
 These diapers have worked out really well for us . Our baby was getting a bad rash with other brands but this has gone after using these diapers . They work just as well as the other top brands and are better for the environment .
 These diapers fit well and do n't leak . My daughter has never had a diaper rash and these are all she 's ever worn !
 We tried 3 kinds of eco-friendly disposables and Seventh Generation won . They hold liquid well and the tabs re-seal well if you need to check the diaper or re-adjust it on baby 's waist . We have had very few leaks with these diapers and recommend them as a good option for both quality and price .
 This product is great . It does its job keeping my baby `` dry '' and her clothes clean . There were some diapers that I received that were stiff as cardboard , so I called the company to see if there was something wrong.First off I got a real human being with out the phone tree , and the person understood my questions with out needing an interpreter or translator . Next the operator quickly explained that indeed there was a problem and what it was . -LRB- 7th G uses the same manufacturing plant as another diaper company and at some point the what 7th G uses as a filler does not fit through the machine . It gets crushed and solidifies like paper . -RRB- They offered to send me a new package to replace the 8-10 that I lost in the case I ordered . 1 week later I received an entire case . -LRB- I hope I can use them all before my little one out grows them -RRB- . Great product and even better customer service .
 Pampers and Huggies literally drew blood on my babies thighs - he is a big ACTIVE guy . These do n't even leave red marks , and they do n't leak . Now he does n't cry at diaper changing time ... he does n't hold still , but that would be too much to ask .
 We go thru 5-6 diapers a day and it feels good that we are not damaging the environment too much ! The diapers work just as well as Huggies and Pampers . No designs on the diapers - just plan tan color , but who cares ! My toddler certainly does not care .
 I gave 4 stars for couple of reasons : - sometimes diapers had glue on the inside - happen to get lopsided ones too.So Seventh Generation better take care of the quality.Good thing : - never had reaction to the diapers - looks to be comfortable
 I was afraid they would look too brown but they are just fine and work great !
 I purchase these excellent diapers for my granddaughter . My daughter is very careful about the food and products that she uses for her children . Chlorine - free diapers make sense for sensitive baby skin . The price of these diapers is well worth it . Amazon offers a competitive price with free shipping .
 My 1 year old started to have a dry rash on her tush when we used Huggies so we tried 7th generation diapers and the rash went away . I ca n't say if the diaper was the problem but the rash has not come back . I also really like the plain `` paper bag '' look of the diapers better than the ones decorated with colors and characters - just a preference . I think these diapers are great !
 Seventh Generation Diapers are wonderful . I 've been using them for almost a year and have only had one leak ! My 14-month-old is very active and the diapers still work great . No annoying TV characters and , best of all , no chlorine ! Since cloth diapering is n't an option for me , I 'm glad that there 's a disposable that 's better for the environment . And the Amazon subscription program is the cheapest way to get Seventh Generation diapers .
 These diapers are fantastic . Not only am I keeping chlorine which is a known cancer causing chemical away from my baby , but they are great diapers . She has sensitive skin and these do n't cause her to break out . They are a `` nude '' colour so you ca n't see a diaper design or colours when she is wearing light coloured clothing . They do n't leak !! I have yet to have her leak through a diaper . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I used these diapers with my first child from the time she was itty bitty until she potty trained at 3 . During that time they made some improvements that made them even more form fitting and comfortable . I do n't believe there is a completely leak free diaper on the market and these are no exception but they are as good as any of the high priced , not so environmentally friendly diapers out there that I had occasion to try at grandma 's , friend 's houses etc. . When I had a problem with some of the tabs coming off , I contacted the company . They said they were working on the problem and sent me a coupon for a free pack of diapers . Never had a problem with them after that . Love these diapers !
 During the night , this diaper is very appropriate to a bed-wetter . . Seventh Generation Chlorine Free Diapers , Stage 4 -LRB- 22-37 Lbs -RRB- , 34-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- -LRB- 136 Diapers -RRB-
 We 've tried Huggies -LRB- regular and supremes -RRB- , Pampers cruisers , and Luvs and these are our favorites by far . Great fit , no rashes , no gross baby powder smells and it does n't hurt to know that they 're environmentally friendly . Once our son hit about 6 months , we found it better to get a night-time diaper to keep him more dry through the night , but these are still our favorites for during the day .
 work just as well as the `` standard '' diapers . wish they came in one larger package to reduce packaging .
 I heard about these diapers from my birthing coach . So I looked them up and decided to try them . They have worked great for our daughter . I have a pack of store brand I keep incase I am late in ordering them , and she tends to get more of a rash if I have to use them . The 7th gen ones are soft , pliable and the tabs are super stretchy for a snug fit . They also seem to hold better and are softer than the general brands . We have n't had problems with leaks or strange odors . I recommend these diapers to everyone I know .
 Seventh Generation diapers are great , although I admit that I do still switch back & forth between these and Pampers Cruisers . The only reason I give them four stars is that they have leaked on me a few times and the Pampers Cruisers have never . I would definitely recommend the Seventh Generation diapers !!! Pros
 My baby has not had any diaper rash problems since we switched to seventh generation . I highly recommend this product !!!
 I love these diapers . They do n't have that awful perfumy smell of conventional and are just as absorbant . The color was a little off-putting at first -LRB- off-white/tan -RRB- , but I do n't notice anymore . My 11 month old has been in these since birth . One time , they had to use pampers at daycare on her because she ran out -- they smelled like chemicals and gave her a slight rash everywhere they touched her skin .
 We have used these diapers through all of the stages on our son since birth and have not experienced any skin related problems . They have kept him dry and comfortable and I believe have contributed to his starting toilet training early . I recommend this product to anyone with a baby or expecting soon .
 We love these diapers . We do part cloth but mostly these diapers . I love knowing they are much better for the environment and my baby . We have no diaper rash with these diapers . You can order them in bulk online for cheaper , but many stores carry them as well . I wish all diaper companies would get on board and improve diapers for our world and for the babies .
 We tried these , just to see how they compared . We 've tried Huggies , Pampers and Luvs . These are the ONLY diapers that do NOT leak ! I could n't believe it ... I still do n't believe it . All the other diapers would leak when little Heiny had his BMBs -LRB- bowel movement blowouts -RRB- . Not these !!! These are GREAT !!!
 These dipaers are just as good as regular diapers and just as easy to use . They are made slightly larger than the regular ones in each respective size , so keep this in mind when ordering .
 Besides being better for the environment -LRB- I did weigh the pros and cons of cloth vs disposable and chose to go with disposable -RRB- than all major disposable brands , these work better ! I started with Pampers as those were given to us via showers with the odd Huggies or Luvs thrown in . I hated all except the Pampers Swaddlers but even they , along with the others have that unnatural `` baby fresh '' scent . Ugh , why ?!?!? Also , when those diapers were full , the substance used to soak up would bloat . I did not like that chemical goo so close to my baby 's skin . Anyway , when all the gift daipers were gone , I switched to 7th generation . I love that they are chlorine and scent free . Anyplace I can cut out toxins in my ds ' life , I will . These diapers have n't leaked any more , even less so I 'd say , than the major brands , and they do n't bloat with that weird gel gunk when they are full . They fit well and on top of that , they do n't have goofy little characters on them !! Inconsequential , but that does appeal to me ! They cost more , but the fact they are less damaging to your little one and the environment than other disposables , it 's well worth it .
 The best alternative to cloth diapers . No chlorine to give the babies a rash . I have been using these diapers for my 1 1/2 year old son since he was born . We have had to use other brands when not able to locate these on vacation and my son has not been as comfortable with the chemicals used in the diapers . The absorbancy is just as good if not better than some brands and NO LEAKS . Seventh Generation has modified there original diapers so if you used the small , medium , large sizes on the package you are getting an older version NOT AS GOOD . When the company switched to a wider range of sizes and traditional 1,2,3,4 , & 5 they improved drastically , with stretchy elastic and a better fitting shape . Enough said these diapers Rock !! West coast momma .
 Good product . You can save when you subscribe amazon monthly purchase program . Highly recommand for your baby .
 My friends call them the hippie diapers for the color I suppose . I LOVE them , I have found that they are as absorbent as Huggies , which I switched from . I tried these because I was so impressed with the wipes from Seventh Gen. and am very pleased . I am on my second shipment now with only one leak -LRB- this morning , my little one had the runs -RRB- I had a couple of the other brand left in my diaper bag and used them a couple weeks ago and my baby started in with a horrible rash that quickly went away when I was through the 2 I had left over of the other brand . I can only speculate that it has something to do with chlorination and perfumes , but that is what I suspect , as that is the reason I started using their wipes .
 If you cloth diaper and need something for night time , you will like it very much . And if you do n't want to cloth diaper using this diaper is bettter than the typical diapers in the market . They do hold a lot of liquid . It takes a little getting used to , they are different from pampers and huggies -LRB- design , no cartoons and the velcro 's different -RRB- but are better for the baby -LRB- no chlorine -RRB- . They run a bit small so size up . I order automatically with the subscribe and save so its very good for the price $ 35 for the case that has 4 . Good for the baby and it wo n't harm the environment !
 These diapers work as well as national , bleached brands . Once I figured out cloth diapers , much to my dismay , were not going to work for us I sought out the next best thing . I did very briefly have the issue like another reviewer of the tabs making a mark on the baby 's leg . A simple adjustment upward solved that problem . These diapers do n't leak and my baby 's bottom remains free and clear of any rash .
 My daughter asked me to purchase these for her baby . She was using traditional disposable diapers for her first child and had just heard about these `` green '' diapers . She is completely satisfied with these and is now using them for both her little ones .
 These diapers are not only comparable to the other brands , but then you have the added bonus of supporting an earth friendly company and less waste on our planet . I absolutely love Seventh Generation . I had a problem with their product one time and they were so great to work with . The replaced what I purchased and sent me coupons . Their customer service was totally nice and so quick to resolve any concerns . Plus the diapers do n't stink like perfume , protect against leaks and do n't give my babies diaper rash !!
 These are great diapers - this co has come a long way . They are thin and absorbent , the next best thing to cloth !
 I love these diapers ! They are better for my baby and the environment and do n't cost more than Pampers . With Amazon , they are delivered to my door quickly for no shipping !! They are as absorbent as any other diaper and are gentle on his skin . I would highly recommend these diapers .
 I have used seventh Generation for the past 17 months , when I have been stuck and had to use other products , they leaked and caused diaper rash . Seventh Generation , has worked wonderfully , few-no leaks and no diaper rash
 We bought loads of Gdiapers before our baby was born . I wanted to use a diaper I could compost or flush , well , it did not work well for us , talk about leaking , and I was really -LRB- really ! -RRB- disappointed and lost . I knew I did not want to use the common diapers out there and remembered seeing Seventh Gen. in BabysRus.The newborn size was way too small for our newborn . After using what we had on hand , we got both stage one and stage two . Currently my 7 week old -LRB- 12 lbs -RRB- is using stage 2 . We had 3 leaks and it was because it is a tad large . You may need to test a few different sizes until you find one that works best . Leaks or no leaks , we are sticking with Seventh Gen.A little tip - I bought some cloth diaper covers and also am using the cloth gdiaper covers . After I put on her seventh gen. diaper , I put on the cloth cover . This way if there is a leak , it does not get on clothing.We also love the fact that it does not have any synthetic fragrances . The natural color is great and our sensitive baby has been doing very well with them.Bottom line , if you are looking for an alternative to cloth diapers -LRB- excessive water use , not convenient etc. -RRB- , these diapers are a life saver . Or if you are a cloth diaper user traveling , camping etc. , these can be a good replacement for short time.One last thing , there are 2 different quantity versions of these stage 2 cases - I got a case from drugstoredotcom and it had 4 x 40 -LRB- upc from box 44023 8 -RRB- and these at amazon are 4 x 48 -LRB- upc from box 44015 3 -RRB- . Just heads up , I thought I was saving money until I received the cases and saw the amount difference.We love these diapers - hope your experience is as great as ours .
 We use these diapers as a supplement to our diaper service . They are great for nighttime use , or for travelling . They are very absorbent , easy to put on , and I feel better tossing these out than I would with a plastic product.They can be very expensive at some stores , from $ 13 to $ 23 a pack .
 We really like these diapers , but recently had to switch to Pampers Bsby Dry . Our son was wetting his clothes twice a day and every night . We could barely go 2 hours before needing to change his diaper . We were able to use these the first 5 months though !
 These diapers are as good as any disposable you might buy in the supermarket , and trust me , I 've used them all . Despite costing slightly more , you can be happy about the fact that you are n't covering your babies ' bum with chlorine-treated and perfume-scented materials . The closure tab is slightly too thick but is n't a dealbraker . Just make sure you stay conservative with the sizing ... if your kid as at the upper end of the weight range - size up in these and you will be fine .
 I like the light brown color and they are not too stiff -LRB- WAY better than 365 -LRB- Whole Foods brand -RRB- chlorine-free diapers -RRB- . However , they tend to clump up when wet , so leaks can happen without frequent changes . But frequent changes are healthier anyway . I like that they 're biodegradable and scent-free . Babies R Us just started carrying them and I hope other stores follow suit , but I think the `` subscription '' option through Amazon is the best value !
 I recommend these to anyone who will listen . It eases my conscience regarding the number of diapers that I am filling the landfills with to know that at least these diapers were made without the release of the harmful and cancer-causing byproducts of chlorine bleaching ! They work as well as leading brands and the subscribe and save program makes them affordable . Even better , a box arrives once a month without thought or a trip to the store !
 Best diapers I found so far . I am a mom of four children . When material from which diapers are made of is bleached , the dioxin -LRB- chemical , carcogen -RRB- released in the process ... You do n't want that stuff next to your baby 's skin .
 I bought these for my sister who just had a baby a few months ago . They work great and , because they are chlorine free , are a little better for the environment . After the supply I sent her ran out , my sister tried to switch her son to a cheaper diaper . He got a bad rash and so I sent her more !
 I had wanted to try these diapers for some time since I 've had great success with other Seventh Generation products and I love the fact that they are better for the environment than other diapers . -LRB- We 've since switched to cloth -RRB- The most notable thing about these diapers is that they are paper bag brown in color since they are non-bleached . They have no designs on them and are plain , which I prefer since who really looks at the ` cutesy ' designs they print on diapers anyway?These diapers feel softer and stretchier than other diapers . They did not leak or irritate my son 's skin and they had no scent to them at all . They are slightly smaller in comparison to the Wal Mart brand Dri Bottoms diapers but not too much.Overall , I prefer these diapers over others but due to the fact that they usually cost more , I probably wo n't use them as much as I would like to .
 I love , love , love these diapers . They are simple and adorable , just a plain tan diaper . No leaks , rashes or red marks on his little thighs . The tags are really stretchy so that you get a good fit at the waist . A good diaper with a good impact on the environment . You ca n't do much better !!
 These are the second best diapers we have tried.Thanks to some very generous people at three baby showers -LRB- Mom 's work , Dad 's work , friends/family -RRB- , we had a ton of diapers . We tried the following other diapers : - Pampers Swaddlers Diapers Economy Pack Plus Size 1 - The best we could find . Provides absolutely everything we wanted.-GroVia Snap Diaper Shell System , Owlswith theGroVia Stay Dry Soaker Pads - Massive leaking/blowout problems-Nature Babycare Eco-Friendly Diapers , Size 1 , 176-Count Package - Leaking problemsMuch like the Pampers Swaddlers , there are virtually zero blow-outs . The built-in gussets stop everything . I do n't know if they are as absorbant as the Swaddlers , but they are , in fact , very absorbant . Comfortable for the baby with absolutely zero chafing . The adjustment tabs stretch considerably and make it easy to adjust for a skinny , chubby , or skinny-with-a-full-belly baby . The one major advantage this diaper has over the Pampers Swaddlers , as well as just about all others , is that the adjustment tabs are very wide . Not only does this provide good support , but it makes attachment easy , and prevents any diaper folder-over . If recycling and/or natural products are very important in your decision to buy diapers , I 'd recommend these diapers without reservation . The only downside I see to this diaper is the plastic texture . It 's a tad more coarse than traditional diapers , but I ca n't honestly say any harm -LRB- i.e. rashes , chafing , etc. -RRB- was caused.Great product for the environment , great product for your baby .
 They are what they say they are and were delivered quickly . I sent them as a gift and my friends were happy .
 The tabs are now too easy to be undone which is a drawback . I like that the diapers are eco friendly and unbleached . I do have a problem however with the gel crystals leaking out of the diaper and getting all over it is really gross . I did find that the size 4 do not fit as well as other size 4 diapers these actually fit like a size 3 rather small ...
 I love these diapers they are soft , very absorbent , and fit well . I had been using Pamper 's Swaddlers which I really liked a lot , but knowing that there was a more environmentally friendly option out there I had to try them . I was not disappointed . The Seventh Generation diapers are far better than I would have expected . Having used other Seventh Generation paper products which are scratchy and have a funky smell , I expected the diapers to be stiff and unappealing . In fact they are quite the opposite . The diapers are soft and fit well . So far no leaks either , even at night . I have tried other eco friendly diapers , but these are by far the best in every respect -LRB- softness , fit , absorbency -RRB- .
 Maybe they 're not quite as environmentally friendly as cloth diapers , but they 're not nearly as time-consuming -- a great compromise choice from my perspective ! They hold up very well and are actually work better than some `` regular '' disposable brands we 've used . Also , the price at Amazon is very good when you use the auto-delivery discount .
 I knew I could buy other brand diapers at lower price , but I chose it and I think it 's worth to pay more . It has less chemicals and its quality is little less then those of other diapers . I will recommand it to others .
 My infant son was diagnosed with MRSA - a potentially lethal staph infection - one year ago today . The source of the infection was a pimple in his diaper area . He recovered , only to have a reoccurance six months later - again due to an infected pimple in his diaper area . Seventh Generation diapers have been a God-send . The skin in his diaper area has been totally clear and without infection since we switched . We saw immediate results . I am telling everyone I know !
 I was using Huggies for my son until I read about 7th generation . I was looking for a bleach-free diaper and this was perfect . It fits very well , holds up great and is very reasonably priced , especially thru Amazon . Have n't used any other brand since switching to this one . Highly recommended .
 excellent compromise between the cloth vs other diapers . Recycled materials , chlorine free . No weird perfumes like pampers . Think weight range on sizes might be underestimated , but that could be our big baby girl .
 Our son has mild eczema and would scratch his bottom all the time when using regular disposable diapers . When we switched to Seventh Generation , in a few weeks he stopped scratching his bottom . It is great that Amazon has these diapers on subscribe and save because we do save almost $ 10 for a pack of 4 and we do n't have to drive to BBRS anymore to buy them . Plus we get free shipping so we save on gas .
 These were for my great-grandson . His mother really likes them better than Pampers , Luv 's or anyother name brand . These are chlorine free and soooooo much better for his skin . He does not have diaper rash with these . Thank you ! Great Grandma
 These are great diapers . The only thing that could be improved is the tabs - they 're a little tough to open ; not enough grasping space .
 The seventh generation brand diapers are just as absorbent , leak-proof , and baby-tough as the big name brands . The advantage to the seventh generation diapers is that there are no harsh chemicals from the bleaching process , and there are no perfumes embedded in the diaper . I 've found these diapers work well with active babies of both genders without the worries of irritating sensitive skin in an already sensitive area . Happy diapers for happy bottoms !
 My daughter had a mystery rash for months . The pediatrician told me to keep using diaper ointment but no relief was ever found . That is , until I switched to these diapers . Within two days of switching the rash disappeared !!! All mainstream diapers -LRB- Pampers , Huggies , etc -RRB- use chlorine in their production . That 's right , they 're using bleach . It is also found in the wipes . Please support this product . Its the only one like it on the market . Only the most gentle materials and substances should be on our children !!
 Great diapers , no problems with absorption or leaking whatsoever . My only concern is sizing . The box says these diapers will fit a baby from 16-28lbs . My daughter is around 20lbs now and there is NO WAY she will be able to use this size when she 's anywhere close to 28lbs . They seem to run small for sure . I 'm guessing that we will switch up to the size 4 by the time she 's 22ish lbs.And , on a side note , the packages of diapers that are shipped to me are packages of 40 diapers , not 35 . So the cases actually contain 160 diapers , not 140 . A great bargain !!!
 I love these diapers . I wish I was able to use cloth , but it 's just not going to happen . I feel very good about using these diapers because they are free of toxic chlorine . My son is six months old and has been using Seventh Generation diapers since he was about a week old . We had some Huggies and Pampers that were given to us as gifts , but they did n't hold the mess as well . I also appreciate that the Seventh Generation diapers do n't have any cutesy cartoons on them and absolutley love that they are n't filled with perfumes . The Subscribe and Save feature is terrific . The diapers are quite a bit cheaper and who can beat free delivery , especially since they are hard to find in my area . This is a great product and a great service .
 My son was suffering from a diaper rash/yeast infection for over 2 months ... nothing worked . We switched to these diapers , and ta-da !
 Chlorine & perfume free & environmentally friendly , the closest thing to a cloth diaper without the hassle you can get ! They are incredibly soft and work just as well if not better as the leading brands !
 Diapers are great . They gather pee and poo . The fit is comfortable and we rarely have rash . No chlorine or harsh chemicals -LRB- that I know of -RRB- . Too bad they are n't biodegradable like G-diapers . Too bad G-diapers are n't available through Amazon . Great diapers though !
 We use cloth diapers for our son , but when we went on vacation we bought the 7th generation and they worked great . I think they held in much more than name brand white diapers . And are much softer too . And 7th generation diapers do not have that terrible chemical smell when mixed with baby stool , which I assume is meant to alert the parents that the diaper is dirty . And since they are really the same price , I highly recommend them . My only question is do they biodegrade faster than regular diapers ?
 My son 's diaper rash cleared up immedietely and has not been a problem since . I feel good buying a product that is better for the environment and my son ! The chlorine and other chemicals in the other diapers are touching the skin and I wonder what effect they have . I think these are the best !
 These diapers are awesome and I love the fact that I am 1 -RRB- using a product that is as natural as possible , 2 -RRB- using diapers that do n't have advertisements on the diaper and 3 -RRB- supporting a socially responsible company . Additionally , these diapers hold A LOT of liquid and poop and we have had no diaper rash . The scratchy tab can be annoying but I found with careful positioning we have avoided them irrating my daughter . I think 7th Generation has addressed this problem in there very newest release of diapers . These diapers are not as stretchy as major brands but this has n't really been a problem .
 I bought these diapers because I disliked the smell of chlorine and formaldihyde -LRB- masked by baby powder scent -RRB- in the national brands and hated the idea of these chemicals on my baby 's skin . I was impressed with how absorbent the Seventh Generation diapers are ! I thought for a `` natural '' brand they would n't be good at all . Way better than Pampers -LRB- Swaddlers or Baby Dry -RRB- . The difference in leakage protection is in the elastic around the top of the backside -- it prevents # 2 from running up baby 's back and onto his clothes when he 's lying down . However , I have experienced some # 2 leaks through the legs , but I think that is due to baby already having pee in the diaper and the # 2 had no where to go . -LRB- not the product 's fault , I guess -RRB- Overall , great product -- better than the national brands and safer for baby !!
 Seventh Generation are best disposable diapers on the market . Chlorine-free , breathable , cloth-like material . The diapers do not leak , and there is no diaper rash . We used these diapers with our first child who is 3 years old and potty trained now , and we are also using them with the new baby . I started using cloth diapers for the baby during the day in the summer , and I like these best - the baby boy does not get overheated , cloth diapers are cheaper overtime and most earth-friendly . However , we still use seventh generation diapers at night for extra absorbancy.We liked the `` old '' design of 7th gen diapers considerably better . The `` new '' design should be ranked 3 stars when compared to the previous design . However , looking at what 's currently available on the market , 7th gen and cloth combo is the best option for us .
 We chose to use Seventh Generation diapers when our son was born . We read about the use of chlorine in diapers and the dangers of it and decided that we would try an unbleached option . We have been using these ever since . He is now 2 1/2 and wears the size 6 . We love these diapers . They work great . They do n't leak as long as you change them before they are too saturated -LRB- just like with any diaper -RRB- . We recommend them and feel relieved knowing that even though we did n't go the `` healthiest '' avenue with cloth diapers we have taken a good step in making a healthier choice for our son . They are definitely worth a try !
 My mom looked shocked when we told her we were using disposable diapers with our first baby -LRB- now 4 -RRB- , but she changed her mind after spending the first full day with them . Disposables today are very realible , only leak in extreme circumstances , and are certainly easier to clean up after then cloth diapers.The Seventh Generation diapers do make me feel a little less bad about using disposables , but I have not done any research to learn if they are , in fact , any better for the environment than any other diapers -LRB- I suspect not -RRB- . These do work as well or better then any of the other name-brand disposables we have tried . Now I wish they made a pull-up for older kids.Amazon 's price is not discounted much -LRB- any ? -RRB- but then I 've only rarely seen these at stores with any discount . Amazon Prime ships them to us 2nd day for free - that convenience is more valuable than any rare discount at a grocery .
 We love these diapers , and feel good about them being more eco-friendly than other disposables . We 've never had an issue with diaper rash , probably because these are hypoallergenic and do n't contain chlorine . We did a lot of diaper research , and these are not only the best for earth and baby , but with the Amazon subscription program , also one of the cheapest options . I love that they come right to the door , no shipping , no tax .
 We have used all Seventh Generation Diapers on both children after trying out all the major brands with my first child . They fit well , they WORK , they have no stupid character tie ins , and my very favorite part is they are not scented . The sickly baby powder scent they add to Pampers makes me want to barf . The fact that they have less harmful impact on the environmant is just icing on the cake . I love having the cases of diapers and wipes delivered to my door in two days . Infinately better than dragging a toddler an an infant to the Megastore at the last minute.PS . when we switched to a new Pediatrician she came in and saw my newborn 's , plain brown seventh generation diaper , her reaction ? She leaned over and said to my daughter , `` You lucky thing , your mommy buys the good diapers '' Enough said .
 These diapers are the best . Not only are they environmentally friendly , they are friendly to baby 's skin . Also , superficially , one of my favorite things is that there are no dumb animals or cartoon characters . I find those annoying and hate when you can see the designs on the diapers through baby 's clothing!These diapers absorb and fit great !
 With Amazon pricing your 're paying about the same price -LRB- or lower -RRB- than regular diapers . They are a fine product and we like that they 're good for the enviorment -LRB- or at least , not as bad for ... -RRB- .
 Happy with this product from day one . Made a huge research before my baby was born , bought first box . One time went to the doctor and forgot to bring my Seventh Generation . Had to use the common ones . By the time we got home , baby 's skin was covered with rush . It clearly gave me a lesson to use Seventh Generation diapers only .
 I am very happy with this diapers.The fact of being chlorine free is such aplus for me , my baby , no risk of diaperrush , and also for the environment.Also I am very happy with Amazon 's serviceto have the diapers delivered monthly .
 They do n't leak , they do n't smell like perfume , and they do n't contain bleach or chemicals . Plus , they 're the same price as the regular brand . What 's not to love ?
 A great company and a great product . These diapers work better for leaks than Pampers Cruisers . The pampers were leaking every night and the Seventh Generation have yet to leak . They are n't bleached either so they are better for baby 's skin and the environment . Highly recommend !!
 Seventh Generation Diapers are truly the best disposable diaper . My daughter has been in them since size 2 . They are super absorbent but without the chlorine . She never gets a diaper rash with these diapers . I also REALLY appreciate the plain style . There are no logos , characters , or free advertising going on with these diapers . Just plain tan !
 I have been impressed with these diapers ... although in all honesty I have n't used any other brand . We have used these since my son was born and have no complaints . The only time he leaked through these diapers was when he was between sizes -LRB- too big for a 1 but still a little small for the 2 . -RRB- During that couple of weeks , we had to change his outfit several times because of leaks . Since he grew into the size 2 's we have n't had a leak . We use the Seventh Generation wipes also and have not had a case of diaper rash yet .
 These diapers are excellent quality . They do the job they are supposed to do , yet are chlorine free and do not leave the `` crystals '' on baby 's bottom like the conventional diapers . Our son had no real diaper rash issues until we ran out of the 7th Gen and had to get some conventional while waiting for 7th Gen to come in - within a day he had irritation on his bum ! They may not have the `` cool '' designs like the others , but I highly reccomend them - it is the right thing to do for your baby and the right thing to do for the environment .
 I bought these on a whim and I 'm very pleased -- my 6 month old has sensitive skin and the chronic diaper area skin irritation he had with pampers has disappeared . In addition , the back is stretchy/elasticized and we have had no problems with poo leaks . I also like the lack of the artificial smell that comes with conventional diapers . Furthermore I love that the diapers are just plain brown instead of covered with cartoon characters . I docked one star because rarely one of the diapers will have something wrong with the tabs -LRB- one diaper out of a case of four bags -RRB- .
 I am absolutely pleased with these diapers . I really liked the service from amazon . It was quick and 10 dollars cheaper than other sites . I received my diapers much quicker than expected , so that was a plus . I am a seventh generation user for life !
 We recently ran out of pampers cruisers and these were the only ones available . I was unsure if it would hold up.I was pleasantly suprised.Not only do they work well , they work better than the other brands.They are more absorbant and hold the smell in better.Diaper for diaper , they are the same price as the other brands.You will use fewer diapers so its actually cheaper.As most parents know , big brand diapers have this chemical smell when the baby pees.These dont.Even if you dont care about the fact that these are chemical free.They are better diapers and they will last longer.Whats not to like .
 We have been using these diapers since our son was born . He is now 15 months and we are still using them . They are just as good as Pampers or Huggies but without the awful chemicals . Plus I love the fact that they are just plain brown . My baby has gone green !
 my son has problems with diaper rash and these never irritate his bottom . i have never had problems with leaking either . I like the stretchy tabs , too !
 These diapers helped with my daughter 's sensitive skin . Her chronic diaper rash was gone in a few days .
 Amazon provides a good value and convenience with these diapers . The diapers are chlorine free , and used at times when convenience is a factor -LRB- normally we use washables when at home -RRB- . I have purchased them in smaller quantities at local retailers , but it is a better bargain to buy the lot through Amazon .
 I love these diapers because when baby wets it does not smell of urine/chlorine like all the other major brand diapers ... the smell is very subtle . Also , baby has never had a rash & a nurse told me that many Mom 's beleive these diapers help prevent a rash . Well ok , that was good enough for me , plus once they make it to a landfill they do not produce the gases that other diapers w/chlorine do .
 This product comes out to about $ 3 - $ 4 a pack cheaper than anywhere I can buy locally . Shipping was so fast ! I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 My son would continually get a diaper rash . We could n't figure it out . Finally I saw this brand of diapers at Whole Foods and tried them . In about a week the rash went away and he has n't had one since . If you have any doubts research on google all the junk they put in regular commercial diapers . Amazon is cheaper than WFoods and offers free shipping . Great buy .
 The hospital gave us Pampers Swaddlers which we used in her first days . We thought rash was normal until we switched to these 7th Gen ones . No more rash.The baby is about 6lbs 3ou and the diapers fit well although are large on her , no leaks despite watery poops . We 're sticking to these .
 I bought these diapers for my sister and she loves them . She said they do n't leak at all , and they fit the baby good . I do n't know anything about babies , but if she thinks they are good , I bet they are !!
 My husband and I tried all the name brands -LRB- Huggies , Pampers , etc -RRB- , and these worked the best hands down .
 These diapers hold more than your average diaper . They are great for babies or toddlers who have sensitive skin . Never a rash ! Plus , they are good for the environment .
 great to be able to go `` green '' and not have too suffer too much on quality-these diapers are great ! keeps in those running baby poops quite well and holds several pees which I did n't think they would ! and biodegradeable-how cool is that ! * & % $ you pampers and huggies!low price if you sign up for the free monthly -LRB- or other -RRB- delivery program . . my carton of diapers arrived a few days after ordering them ... one less item to worry about for your baby !!
 These diapers work well , have n't had problems with leaks , and I really like that there are no dyes , bleach or perfumes in them . They do seem to run a little small though . So you may need to get a bigger size sooner than the pkg . would say . -LRB- instead of starting size 2 at 12 pounds , start it at 11 , etc. . -RRB-
 I used Seventh Generation diapers for my son and am now using them again for my baby daughter . The slightly added cost is completely worth it in my opinion , for both my baby 's health and the environment ! They are absorbant , do n't leak , and she has never had a diaper rash.I buy them online by the case through Amazon or 1800Diapers . If you enter code # STCH146378 on 1800Diapers you get $ 2 off your first order .
 Before the birth of my son I weighed the idea of cloth diapers vs. disposable - and finally chose disposable diapers . I did n't want to expose my son to the high levels of dioxin -LRB- a toxic chemical left behind by the bleach that 's used to make conventional diapers white -RRB- , plus the long list of un-natural ingredients also found in the ` name brand ' diapers . Looking for an alternative , I stumbled across Seventh Generation and realized that the price was comparable and the quality was superior plus no dangerous chemicals !! Even my skepticism was laid to rest the first time I used the diapers - no leaks , the Velcro tabs are awesome and the newly re-designed diaper is even better ! I get asked a lot why my son 's diapers are n't white and I 'm happy to explain it to them ! We now use Seventh Generation products all around the house !
 I sent this to my nephew for a gift on his 5th baby ... figured they had all the toys and other items necessary by now ... and I was informed that this baby did not have any diaper rash like the others.Gee , my niece had a baby , guess it 's time to order again .
 These diapers are great -- they are better than the Huggies i used to be loyal to , with a softer feel and no annoying ink transfers onto the clothes . The only difference is that they lack the double row of gathers , which does help to control leakage a bit more for -LRB- attention , graphic diaper descriptions to follow ! -RRB- the extra big/runny no. 2 's and 2nd or 3rd pees .
 Mom , dad and baby love the diapers . We particularly like that they are unscented and unbleached . Functionally , they are as good as pampers and other conventional brand diapers .
 This is a solid product and we have n't had any problems with them over a year 's time using them regularly -LRB- in conjunction with cloth diapers -RRB- . In that time , we 've not had any problems with leakage which is more than i can say for other pamper-type diapers . So you 're getting both biodegradability and a well-functioning diaper here !
 I just started using these diapers , as I was leery about switching from tried-and-true Pampers . I have been very pleasantly surprised -- they work great and fit really well . The only reason I did n't give 5 stars is because they do n't have the size written on on the diapers anywhere . I have one child in 4 and one in 5 's , and when they 're in the diaper bag and out of the package , when I pick one up , I ca n't tell the difference . I have looked all over them and have found no evidence of size -- maybe it 's there and I do n't see it . But that 's the only thing I find annoying about them . Other than that , they seem to be a great product !
 I bought these without expecting too much . I just wanted to try a diaper that was n't as bad for the environment as most . I always use premium diapers because I feel spending less on diapers that always leak is not worth the money you save . So I really feel that these diapers hold up just as well as Huggies , my preferred brand , and they make me feel a little bit better about all of those diapers I 'm dumping . Note
 They work great , I like them . The fact that they are Chlorine free makes me feel even better about using them on my son . Do n't forget to recycle the plastic bag where they come in!Luna y Sol .
 I am thrilled with Seventh Generation diapers . I love that they are chlorine free . They fit well and absorb well too . All their baby products are terrific !
 I was worried that because these diapers are better for the environment , that they would n't work as well . These work exactly like Huggies and Pampers except that my son does n't get a rash from the poisons and bleach they put in Huggies and Pampers . They are just as absorbent and I 've been using them for a year . They are great for my son , and much better for the environment .
 My daughter got rashes from Huggies and Pampers -LRB- and various store brands -RRB- , so I tried these and the rashes went away and never came back.They have NEVER leaked . I do wish they did n't have gel in them , but I still love them and would n't try anything else .
 These diapers are great , very absorbent and affordable . Good for the enviroment too . I certainly will buy them more and more for my grandchildren , I have 2 but a 3rd on the way . Love these diapers .
 The diapers work almost as well as pampers or other national brands . At least they do n't take 200 years to decompose like other diapers . I 'll gladly pay $ .03 more per diaper if it 's better for the environment .
 In addition to being sensitive to baby 's skin and environmentally friendy , these diapers are actually well-designed and effective . I compared these diapers to Pampers and Huggies brands and I am very pleased with Seventh Generation . Ordering from Amazon with free Super Saver shipping has been great , since shopping with a baby is a huge effort . With Amazon , I just log on while nursing my daughter and reorder diapers , what a breeze .
 These are great diapers that are hard to find anywhere else . We are using an Amazon Subscription that ensures that the diapers get to us every month . Our son never leaks through these diapers and the chlorine-free material seems to be comfortable .
 I was willing to pay the extra price at the health food store for these diapers because they are better for my baby and the environment -LRB- I hope . -RRB- But I was so pleased to discover that I can buy them in bulk and for a lot less on Amazon . They arrived very quickly even when I used the free super saving shipping .
 These are the only brand of diapers my son ever wore and we have loved them ! Everyone who we have recommended this too has been extremely satisfied with it as well . We have never had a single leak and the unbleached color does give it a unique style.We have made it a must item as one of the gift 's for new born baby among our friends
 We have been using the stage 6 for a while now and really like it . The stage 5 was a bit too small for our son even though he fell within the weight range for them so we moved up . No leaking . We 're just sad to see that -LSB- ... -RSB- is not carrying the full case any more . Hopefully they 'll get them back before we 're potty trained !
 This diaper is the best we have found . It holds everything , fits baby very well , and we love that there is no chlorine . However , that is really the only eco-friendly thing about them .
 I think these diapers are very good and pro-health , but my only problem is the bands that are used to tie the diaper down , they seem to be a bit uncomfortable for the baby .
 We have tried all the usual suspects
 My daughter is allergic to all other disposable diapers due to something in the processing . These are the only ones she can use without breaking out in a terrible rash ! I only wish they had a pullups variety !
 I must admit that I think I liked these a little better before they ` reformulated ' them , but they 're still the only disposable diaper I 'll buy . They beat Pampers and Huggies hands-down . I 've never had a leak or a blow out using Seventh Generation . Love the fact that they 're chlorine free - who wants chlorine is such close proximity to their kids skin ?? Just wish they were a little more environmentally friendly - biodegradable would be great !
 We use cloth diapers but use disposables while traveling . These diapers are great . They work just as well as Huggies , Pampers , etc. but without any harmful chlorine residue . I highly recommend them . My two-year-old can wear them all night -LRB- 12 + hours -RRB- and she 's a heavey wetter -- no leaks !!
 I like these diapers because they are soft and more natural -LRB- unbleached -RRB- . They do seem to run a bit small but I have found them to be just as absorbent at Huggies Supreme and other brands I have tried .
 I love these chlorine-free diapers . They fit well , are good for the environment , and they are no more expensive than diapers at Walmart . Plus , free shipping from Amazon means I never have to run out to the store for diapers !
 i used these for my baby from the beginning until just a week ago -LRB- he 's almost 7 months old now -RRB- . they rarely leaked - even at night !! he is outgrowing the size 2s so i thought i 'd try tushies medium just to see what they were like . all diapers are the same right ? we 've used tushies a total of 5 times in the last week and he 's had an accident at least 3 of those times . one time , he was sitting in my lap , and he pooped . the wetness went right THROUGH the diaper -LRB- not out the sides -RRB- , through his clothes , and onto my dress . i never had that kind of a problem with 7th generation-not even close .
 These are unbleacehd and slightly less disastrous to our environment . They actually hold a lot -LRB- my daughter can wear them at night -RRB- and feel softer than the plastic pants kinds . As long as I am using disposables , it will be this kind only . PLUS there are no anoying cartoon-slash-marketing characters all over them ! Go get yourself a case !
 I THINK THESE ARE A FABULOUS PRODUCT ! THE CUT OF THE DIAPERS IS KEY-HAVEN ' T HAD ANY LEAKING OR OVERFLOWING . THE FEEL OF THE MATERIAL IS SOFT AND I LOVE THE FACT THAT THERE IS NO CHLORINE . i DO N'T FEEL AS GUILTY USING A DISPOSABLE DIAPER WITH THE 7TH GENERATION .
 I prefer to use cloth diapers & wipes , but for the daycare I use Seventh Generation products . Our baby 's been pretty fortunate in that she does n't get many rashes with either diaper . But , I highly recommend Burt 's Baby Bees skin creme for any rashes . It works wonders without the sting .
 These diapers are just awesome . I 'd like to think I am somewhat environmentally conscious and started out doing cloth , but upon my return to work and various other reasons we decided to switch to disposable ... I found these and decided to give them a go - particularly since Amazon has such a killer deal with their `` subscribe and save '' . My little girl is 3 months old now and we 're just going to move up to Stage 2 , but Stage 1 absolutely rocked - we have never ever had a leak even after she 's slept the whole night through ... I 'm just so happy with these diapers and I love the fact that they do n't smell - none of that nasty perfume which at the end of the day smells like pee to me anyway ! So , in short -LRB- haha -RRB- I HIGHLY RECOMMEND these diapers ... go SEVENTH GEN and thank you Amazon for the deals : -RRB-
 Great diaper overall - I have found the sizes run a little small , but then again , it is all how the weight is distributed on your little one -LRB- mine is really tall ! -RRB- These diapers have great holding capabilty that has saved us from many messy clean ups - the only downside is that they are not biodegradeable -LRB- they would have 5 stars if that was the case -RRB- .
 I like the thought that these diapers is environmental friendly . Is affordable and my 1 month old son do n't got any diaper rash so far!But sometime this diapers can be leak if it not change immediately !
 I highly recommend Seventh Generation Diapers and Wipes . They fit very well , do n't leak and do not contain any bleach like other name brand diapers do . Also , they break down much faster in landfills than other diapers do . I 've heard that it can take 50-80 years for standard diapers to break down and from what I understand Seventh Gen breaks down in about half that . This is a great way to help ensure a better world for our children , while still maintaining the convenience of disposable diapers !
 These are the best disposable diaper available for quality , health and the environment . They are just as soft and absorbent as the top-of-the-line disposables , like Pampers , but without the chlorine . Some people look at them funny because of the beige , unbleached color , but who cares ? I do n't want to unnecessarily expose my baby or the environment to toxic chemicals when I have the choice , so these are great ! These are the same price as Pampers -LRB- or even a little less in bulk -RRB- so these are simply the best option . If these cost twice as much I would still buy them !
 At roughly the same price as leading diapers , these are totally worth it for baby 's health , for the earth , and for your time and life -LRB- vs. cloth -RRB- , and your pocketbook .
 I have been strictly a Pampers mom for 13 months now , but my son has a rash that developed on his lower back -LRB- or the top of his butt -RRB- . I tried putting Eucerin on it to soothe , but when that did n't work after a week I knew I had to try a different diaper . I am so GLAD that I gave these a try . They 're really just a few cents more expensive than Pampers , but I had been reluctant to try them before because I imagined they would n't compare in quality , absorbancy , fit , and feel . WOW - I was wrong!My son wears a size 4 in Pampers , but that translates to a 3 in SG diapers . They fit slimmer since they are not as bulky , almost like a pair of underwear . I am sure that must be so much easier for my son as he is getting the hang of walking . They have stretchy tabs , they are made well and they do not leak ! The outside is simply light tan , no decorations or tv characters -LRB- more attractive in my opinion -RRB- . And the best part for us , was that his rash cleared up within 8 hours !
 These diapers have been the only disposable diapers that we have been able to use with our daughter who gets terrible rashes from Pampers , Huggies , etc. . . Her skin stays rash-free with these diapers . They are as absorbant as the Pampers , Huggies , etc. . . so for us there is no quality difference . Besides should n't we all do our part to lessen any negative impact on the environment ?
 SG Diapers are a great product . They may be a bit more expensive , but perform equally as well as the bleached big names . The fact that they do n't use chlorine in the making of diapers means less impact on the atmosphere . We owe it to our kids to do our part to avoid supporting the use of chlorine .
 I really like these diapers , I feel I am helping the environment as I am also keeping toxins away from my child in some manner . They are n't as absorbant as regular diapers , but I think that they hold quite a bit ; lately I can go 3 hours and he has n't peed through . We have had no sign of dipaer rash yet at 11 weeks old -LRB- I think that starts more with solids though -RRB- . The tabs hold well , they are like velcro . When I have done price comparisons I have also found these to be the most affordable diapers that I can find , I do use more though than I might of another brand that is ultra absorbant . I tried tender tushies and tender care diapers and did n't like them as much as 7th generation ; the bunching in the front and back on 7th gen was the determining factor , the other 2 brands did not have the bunching in the front and back so he peed right up the diaper , through the .5 inch gap it created after he wiggled around . Some people have been concerned that he has pooped his diaper b/c the diaper is light brown not the white like normal , but then when I explain these are different they understand . My son is 13.9 lbs and is still in size 1 .
 I love these diapers . They are comfortable on my babies skin , have never leaked , and I will continue to use these as long as baby is in diapers .
 These are great . They do n't smell like chemicals like the other diapers out there . My daughter , who was prone to diaper rash before , has NONE since we started using these and 7th generation wipes . They are only slightly more expensive than huggies , WAY worth it , and you can get them on auto-ship through amazon and save a little extra money , plus you never have to go to the store to buy them . Two thumbs up !
 These diapers work well , and it 's really nice not to use chlorine drenched , bleeched-out , tacky-design-laden diapers . They 're plain and work . What more can you want ?
 Great product , fits really well and seems to contain ` blowouts ' better than other brands that we have tried . Being environmentally friendlier you also do not feel so bad using them .
 I love these diapers - the perform like the top brands , AND are better for the planet . And our son has NEVER had a diaper rash when using them !
 These diapers are great . Not only are they healthier for your baby , but they work just as well as the ` white ' diapers , very absorbent . The fit is great and comfortable , velcro-ish tabs work well . I highly recommend these !
 These diapers are just as good as other brand names ; but have the advantage of peace of mind in knowing there are no harmful chemicals touching your babys skin . Very comfortable . I definitely recommend these diapers .
 These diapers are awesome . They do n't leak very often and fit the baby very well . They are a great deal too - compared to the outrageous prices in the stores .
 These are the only disposables that I will use . They run a little small , so I 've had some leaks , but overall they are the best environmentally friendly -LRB- at least friendlier -RRB- diaper that I 've tried .
 great product , decent price as compared to purchase in stores , and super quick delivery . If you would like to move away from the environmentally unfriendly sort of diaper -LRB- and are too lazy to use cloth -RRB- this is a diaper for you !
 My son was wearing Pampers Swaddlers , then Cruisers . I came across these diapers and decided to give them a try after reading the reviews . They perform just as well as Pampers . We 've never had a leak or blow-out , and they seem soft and fit him well . I feel guilty filling the landfill with diapers , so any little amount that I can do to curb the harm to the environment is worth it . Give these a try !
 Why did 7th generation change their diapers ? Who knows , but I wish they had n't . Still in all , these are fine
 I do n't think these diapers are any better than Huggies -LRB- Pampers sucked for our boy -RRB- but they work just as well in terms of not leaking . I do n't think they fit as well but , I think the whole `` fit '' thing is overrated . They fit fine . They just are n't as close fitting and snug all over as Huggies . They certainly are n't falling off or anything and most of the time they are covered by pants so what 's the big deal?I do like that there is no branded characters on the diapers -LRB- i.e. Winnie , Mickey , etc -RRB- . The brown color reminds me of paper napkins.They are a little pricier but are supposed to be better for the environment . And as we all know `` Green '' is the new `` Black '' ! I am pretty sure Al Gore invented them after he invented the internet but just before he invented hybrid cars ...
 As always , Amazon is fast and efficient.Diapers arrived in a timely mannor.Very happy with everything AMAZON .
 Yes , these are shockingly `` bare '' looking , and you might get the impression that they do n't work as well as Pampers or Huggies , but yes , yes they do ! I just wish that I had changed over sooner . I challenge you to take a deep smell of your regular diaper and then smell one of these - no chemical smell at all . And you might think that since they are environmentally friendly they might be more expensive , but they are n't when you order through Amazon . I 've encouraged all new moms to switch to these and take one more step to help improve our environment and provide safer choices for our babies .
 MY GRANDSON KEPT A REAL BAD CASE OF DIAPER RASH FROM BIRTH UNTIL WE FOUND THESE DIAPERS . HE COULD NOT WEAR ANY BRAND OF DIAPERS AND WAS AT THE DOCTORS OFFICE CONSTANTLY BECAUSE HIS RASH WOULD GET SO BAD . WE KEPT HIM CLEAN AND COULD NOT FIGURE IT OUT . AFTER SWITCHING TO THE SEVENTH GENERATION DIAPERS NO MORE DIAPER RASH !!! HIGHLY RECOMMEND THESE !!!
 These diapers are attractive with their lack of disney characters and natural looking color . They smell fine , and fit great . My only complaint is that the last pack I got was kind of `` crunchy '' . 1/4 of the diapers had a hard part in the crotch . It did n't create any problems for my daughter wearing them , but it was a little disconcerting to be able to knock on the diaper as if it were armor . They have never leaked or failed in any way ; just sometimes the diapers are hard in spots . I still prefer them over any other . Also , the last time I tried to order them , there were no Stage 3s .
 Our daughter has extremely sensitive skin . We battled diaper rash with her for months , trying every brand . Pampers was the best , but after continued use , her rash crept back . The doctor 's advice -LRB- keep her entire diaper area covered with petroleum jelly -RRB- was time consuming and not very effective . We also changed all our soap and detergent , which helped , but not much . Aside from the rashes , she was constantly scratching , it was not uncommon to open a bloody diaper from her scratching , so we had to be very careful about the clothes she wore to minimize her getting into her diaper . We finally tried these and the immediate change was amazing ! Within days she had a normal looking bum and no scratching ! They are n't very cute -LRB- we call them her brown beauties -RRB- but well worth using , especially if you have problems with sensitive skin .
 The only difference between these and the more popular disposable diapers is these are not bleached with chlorine and there are no pretty pictures on the diaper . They still contain the absorbent gel core , so if you are worried about possible negative effects from that , do n't buy these .
 We 've been using these diapers since my son was a few months old and have always been happy with them . No problem with leaks . Even when they made a switch to the `` new '' -LRB- which is n't new anymore -RRB- version , they 've still worked well for us . He 's now 28 months and well on the road to potty training but we still use them occasionally .
 I love these . My wife is really determined to use cloth diapers and while I hardily endorse her efforts I want no part of them . These are easy and because they are chlorine free , and do n't have any stupid prints on them my wife is Ok with my using them . Awesome .
 Both my kids -LRB- a newborn and a 2 yr old -RRB- are using this product and all I can say is that we are very satisfied .
 I love the way these fit my wide-hipped child , however , I 've found that the sizing chart designed by 7th generation runs small , so I bought one pack from BabiesRUs to check sizing first . At 22 pounds , he wears size 4 , not size 3 . Otherwise , they work great , hold lots , last all night , and I feel confident in my child 's safety against chlorine and other contaminents found in the competition . You ca n't beat the Amazon price on these , especially if you auto ship them !
 I was skeptical when ordering these online . I was a consumer too scared to stray away from the big companies such as a Pampers . But upon the arrival of these diapers , I put one on my son and could n't be happier!They have n't leaked and in fact , seem stronger to me than the popular brands ! I also appreciate that these diapers are plain and simple . No little cartoon characters or other advertisements.I really appreciate and love what Seventh Generation is doing . They 're offering Earth-friendly as well as consumer-friendly products . What more can you ask for ?
 We use Seventh Generation diapers for overnight and travelling -LRB- otherwise we are a cloth diaper family -RRB- . They are great ! No chlorine , no funny smell . Very good diaper and a great alternative to the bleached , yucky pampers or huggies . I like that the diapers are decoration-less - no Elmo or other images on the band.We 've had very few over-night leaks with these diapers . My baby sleeps all night and we 've only had a few leaks for 12 + hour sleeps . -LRB- We use these diapers at night because the cloth diapers almost always leak during her night sleeps . -RRB-
 I hesistated to buy these diapers , because I expected them to work less well than conventional diapers as a trade-off for buying `` green '' . Boy , was I wrong!These diapers are very absorbent , but not bulky . They have super-comfy wide , stretchy closure tabs , and the fit is very generous but does not gap . They fit so much better than the pampers , I am astonished . And while the pampers are too small , even though our daughter is 10 lbs under the maximum recommended weight , these diapers still fit perfectly.Also , the conventional diapers seem to irritate her skin - she is always just a little red when I change her if she 's wearing a conventional diaper . With these , she is never red at all.From now on , this is all I am buying !
 I have been using Seventh Generation diapers for my second child due to his sensitive skin and I love this wonderful chlorine free product . Their diapers do wonderful job -LRB- no leaking just like Pampers -RRB- and they are not overpriced at all . I also use their baby wipes to clean hands for my kids and myself since they are all natural -LRB- bye bye to chemicals -RRB- . I want to say big thanks to Seventh Generation .
 These diapers are truely the best on the market , whether you 're buying them for envirnomental reasons or because your baby 's got sensitive skin ... they 're absorbant , dont leave gel residue on baby 's skin -LRB- dont get us started on pampers or huggies-yuck ! -RRB- and happily they dont add anymore dioxin to the earth or baby 's tiny developing body . Considering that these diapers cost about the same as other brands -LRB- or less if you are an avid bargain hunter -RRB- they are totally worth every penny . As for size , we have found that they are true to size for our baby boy who is `` averaged '' sized -LRB- not thin or chunky legged -RRB- , VERY few ` blow outs '' -LRB- most have been our fault -RRB- unlike huggies that always seemed to have number 2 leaking out the back .
 I purchased these because I had a promotional certificate on amazon and I usually use Seventh Generation wipes . I was actually going to buy my usual Pampers but decided to give these a try due the some of the reviews . I 'm glad I tried them because they work really good and I feel better about putting then on my child . They are great against leaks just as good as the pampers cruisers . They have a really good fit and the stretchy tabs have a ton of give . Although , I do agree that they are a little too wide and can dig it to the baby 's leg a little . The tabs are soft and very flexible better than other diapers such as Huggies or Pampers those seemed to dig in a little worse and actually leave a red mark , where these do not.They run a little on the small side compared to Pampers and Huggies . Only by a tiny bit though . My son wears a size 4 Pamper and I got the size 4 Seventh Generation and they are a good but snug fit . So you may want to consider that when buying.Overall , they are a great diaper and AWESOME against smell ... I was surprised by 2 poops so far that I had no idea were hiding in there and that has never happened before with any other diaper !!! The price is a little more expensive than other brands but it 's completely worth it . If the price were a few dollars lower I would have given these 5 stars for sure .
 I love them because they fit great and dont leak and they dont leave any of thoses silica beads on baby 's bottom . I feel like it is better for the enviroment too . The only thing I dont like is the tabs are really rectangular and can sometimes irritate on the upper thigh . If they had more curve like huggies tabs it would be the perfect diaper !
 These are the only disposable diapers I will use on my baby . They are thin and absorbant .
 One of the best diapers out there ... and Amazon has a brilliant deal on these with their subscription service . HOWEVER , we 've come across diapers with tabs that do n't adhere completely and have had to toss about half a package of the defective ones . They are great when they work
 I love this diaper cuz is fragrance free , very natural . Good for baby 's skin . Now I switched to this diaper .
 I buy seventh generation diapers because they have no added fragrance -LRB- a big deal for babies with sensitive skin , but fragrance is bad for all of us -RRB- and less chemicals since they do n't undergo the bleaching process . When you auto ship through Amazon they come out cheaper than other popular brands . I did have one case with some diapers that the velcro tabs did n't stick , but the company refunded the purchase price of the entire case . Good diapers . Good customer service .
 We 've never had a problem with Seventh Generation diapers
 These diapers are a great buy ! Not only are they environmentally friendly , but the fit much better than many other diapers we tried . As an added bonus , there nuetral color does n't detract from the baby 's clothes -LRB- i.e. , no cartoon charaters showing through the outfit ! -RRB- . We have used both the newborn and size 1s so far and plan to keep using them till our baby is potty trained !
 I love these diapers . My son has really bad excema and they have helped a lot with that . They are just as good as pampers and actually I was just telling my best friend about them today because she is having a baby soon . I would recommend these to anyone .
 it is the most eco friendly disposable ! so even though i 'd like my 2.5 year old to be potty trained -LRB- we are trying ! -RRB- i can use these disposables and feel a little better about our footprint on the environment .
 I love these diapers . My son is allergic to regular diapers and gets diaper rash easily , so we switched to these and have had much success . They also feel better and do just as good of a job as namebrands . We use them for our new daughter too .
 we really like these , the only downside is there is no overnight version , so you need a different brand for the overnight diaper
 This is my first time using Seventh Generation products . I bought this mainly because it is environment friendly and I wanted to see if there was a difference in the way the diaper holds compared to the regular Huggies brand that I buy . It got my seal of approval and I will be buying this product again .
 These diapers are fabulous ! My husband says they are better than the leading brands . -LRB- Huggies , Pampers -RRB- They have stretchy closures much like that of Huggies . They do n't leak and can take as much volume as the leading brands -LRB- if not more -RRB- . They are not bulky and seem to be a comfy fit . Not only that , they are n't bad for your baby or the environment .
 We usually use cloth diapers , but when we needed disposables because of childcare issues , these made everyone happy . They do n't leave weird gel drops on the baby and do n't have any perfumes or plasticky smells.I still prefer the cloth on our baby 's bottom , but these did the job .
 This product is great all around . Does n't smell funny , is comfortable and looks adorable . No diaper rashes here !
 These are great diapers . Keep my baby dry , as well if not better than Huggies Supreme or Pampers . I hate the smell of Huggies or Pampers . All the perfume they put in the diapers is so gross . Just take a walk by the diaper section in the grocery store . The smell of the chemicals is overwhelming . I also like that these do n't have any prints on them .
 I have been using Seventh Generation diapers for four years -LRB- continuously ! -RRB- Over the past four years I have had occasion to use many other different brands of diapers , `` environmentally friendly '' and traditional . Seventh generation diapers are consistantly the best
 I love these diaper , my daughter always had `` blow outs '' and always stained her clothes . These diapers absorb everything , and has n't leaked yet . And they are chlorine free and fragrance free too . Would recommend these to anyone !
 You know ... I was really expecting these diapers to suck . I thought , `` Do I really want to risk leaking on my suit as I bring my kid to the office with me ? '' It turns out I like these BETTER then ` normal ' diapers . These things are AWESOME ! When I opened up the package and saw the plain beige color I was telling myself , `` Oh geez . Leak city . '' But they hold up and take in EVERYTHING . Even if you are not looking to lessen the impact on the environment you should give these a try . I think you will really like what you buy .
 i love these diapers , love that they are chlorine free , they work well , but you do need to change them a little bit more often , because there is n't so much gel in them , but they are great .
 This type of diaper is amazing ! Wonderful for sensitive skin , my son has eczema and this is the only brand that he does n't break out from . I highly recommed purchasing seventh generation products .
 OK , they are absorbant , but the tapes !!! This new diaper has a fat tape that left a mark on my daughter 's skin . The skin gets irritated unless you get the tape positioning just right to the milimeter . On the plus I know they are better for the skin of rashy kids from the reviews-it 's just a shame they changed a perfect product . Oh , they are roomy , so you do n't have to go up a size , as with huggies .
 We use cloth diapers by day and disposable `` name-brands-from-big-stores '' diapers at night and when traveling ; I have to say , I used to feel a wee bit guilty about our small-time disposable diaper use ... now that we use the Seventh Generation disposables , I do n't feel much better . This is about as good as it gets with disposable diapers . These are great diapers ... the price is fine , the diapers are comfortable on my daughter 's skin , they can handle super-peeing challenges , and they 're dioxin free ; Seventh Generation disposbale diapers are a good thing .
 First Review Ever - These diapers cost basically the same and work just as good as Pampers Swaddlers without leaving the horrible chemically smell and little gel balls of who-knows-what on my little man 's skin . I am SO glad I found these . Until I got online to figure out what the tiny gel balls in my baby 's diaper were and how to get rid of the smell -LRB- worse than fingernail polish -RRB- in his groin , I had no idea that manufacturers can put just about any substance in a diaper to make it `` super absorbent '' . I have tried pretty much every brand of diaper -LRB- to avoid above-mentioned problems -RRB- and ca n't believe something that is better for the environment and better for my babe 's skin can work so well for me , NO leaks and comfy fit - Yay !!!
 We really like the new fit of this diapers since with the old ones we had trouble everyday everytime -LRB- pee and poo everywhere !! -RRB- so at the end we decided to quit and just use `` Teddy 's Choice Ultra Comfort Diapers '' which worked pretty well . Then we found this new `` fit '' which have been worked for our little one for a while . But now here we go again , this couldnt be so good to be truth . . the sharp endings are so annoying that I dont know what to do . . I have a bunch of diapers yet , but I 'm planning to move back to Teddy 's again . We 'll wait until they fix that problem then , and my suggestion is that you wait for that improvement too . This diapers are really well worth it to wait a little bit and give them a third chance.Good Luck -LSB- ... -RSB-
 The old design of 7th generation diapers was much better , in my humble opinion . But these will have to do as they are still better than Pampers , Huggies , Luvs or store brands . I contacted 7th Generation by e-mail and the representative stated that they are working on the scratchy tabs issue . She also stated that if your child is in the upper weight ranges that you are better served going up to the next stage . I still really love these diapers but I would much rather use the old style .
 I have used seventh generation diapers for seven months now , so I have used both the old and new styles . The older style was better for young breastfed babies but I love the new diapers for my 9 month old , we 've been using them for several months and I would not use anything else . They do not leak , at all . When my baby was a newborn I needed to use the mainstream diapers for the smaller size and they leaked on a regular basis . Seventh generation diapers are much better for your baby 's skin and the environment - Do your baby and the world a favor and buy these diapers !!!
 I am in shock to read the various reviews where people like the old design better . My baby could not close her legs with the old diapers ; they had so much bulky fabric . The new ones are much more comfortable for her . We very rarely have leaks . I like the stretchy tabs , but you have to be sure to get the diaper underneath -LRB- not just tab on skin -RRB- or it does leave a red mark . I also love that you can now buy them by the case -- less waste in shipping .
 I understand that other folks prefer the older design . We use a combinationof cloth diapers and paper diapers
 I 've tried the other brands , and my baby 's skin reacted badly to the chemicals , dyes and whatever else was in them.They do n't leak -LRB- no matter what he 's managed to unload into them ! -RRB- . They 're flexible and do n't impair his ability to crawl , walk or climb over under and around the furniture!The simplicity of the Seventh Generation Diapers is what has kept my baby -LRB- and me -RRB- happy . I love that there 's no prints , no advertising -LRB- Sesame Street/Dora etc on your diapers DOES N'T make you want to buy matching clothes and toys ?? -RRB- .
 So far have used 0 , 1 & 2 size . All have preformed well and fit tightly with very few leaks .
 We decided to go `` greener '' as a New Year 's Resolution . We use 7th Generation as a backup to cloth diapers . The 7th Generation seems pretty similar to other disposable diapers . I would say though that they fit a little larger than Huggies or Pampers . My son usually wears a size 4 in Huggies/Pampers , but the 7th Generation size 4 were almost too big on him .
 Seventh Generation Chlorine Free Diapers , Stage 3 -LRB- 16-28 Lbs -RRB- , 40-Count Packages -LRB- Pack of 4 -RRB- -LRB- 160 Diapers -RRB- I love this product.My partner and I went from cloth diapers to G diapers to 7th gen disposables ... . and now at 5 months we 've decided to stick with 7th gen. Its convenient and holds a lot ! I honestly loved cloth better , for my baby and myself , but heading back to work -LRB- outside of the home -RRB- made it difficult to find a sitter . In comes the G-diapers ... but we feel 7th Gen works better ... my sons Happy and so are we . However I do n't get why the ` New ' and improved stage 3 with the better Tabs bring less diapers . -LRB- ?? -RRB- I mean its the same price as the old stage 3 's yet it brings about 40 less per case ... that sucks . Does anyone else feel this is unfair ?
 Other diapers we tried , pampers or hugguies , were leaking often times to my son . So , we tried this one and it never leaked . The only problem is it does n't have good air flow , so we 're considering to go back to pampers just for summer time .
 These diapers are great ! There are no characters peeking through my little one 's clothes . They are plain and do the job just fine without Elmo 's help . We also signed up for Amazon to deliver a box of these diapers once a month . It has worked beautifully . They are cheaper than a box this size in my home town at the big box retailers and as soon as I am getting low they show up on my front door step . This is a wonderful feature for a working mom with her first little one !
 we love seventh generation diapers . the sizing seems to be a bit off , at least as far as our little one is concerned . as in , she grows out of them before she meets the maximum weight . she 's sort of short and stocky , though , and understand it must be difficult for manufacturers to come up with a weight limit to put on diapers . they are n't as leak-proof as pampers , but once you get to know them , you can work around that . our daughters diapers only leak when they 're full of pee , then she poops and there 's pressure on the diaper -LRB- as in , she 's in her bouncy or walker -RRB- . once i see that she 's pooped while in one of those things , i take her right out and change her . there 's no waiting 10 minutes with these in this situation , as you could do with pampers -LRB- i use those as an example as they 're the only other diapers we 've consistently used -RRB- . all in all , i love using these .
 We 've used Seventh Generation Diapers for about 1 1/2 years . We 've never had a problem with leakage and have never had a diaper rash . The reason we switched to Seventh Generation was our daughter kept getting a diaper rash with Pampers . We figured she was sensitive to the perfume in them , which must 've been the case because as soon as we switched , her rash cleared up.I like that they are better for the environment , are n't bleached with chlorine , and do n't have any added scents.Seventh Generation diapers seem to run a size small , so order the next size up .
 We absolutely love these . Ran out of our supply and were awaiting a fulfilment order from amazon so went into the local store . They did not carry 7thG so decided to get a pack of Huggies . Diaper rash in one day ... ONE DAY !!! Daughter was yelping in pain - never again will we switch from these .
 We love these ! We did try conventional diapers first by Pampers , and my daughter screamed when she peed . So we switched to Seventh Generation and no screaming since !
 I am very pleased with this product and enjoy the convenience of having them shipped to my residence .
 I love these chlorine-free diapers . With the auto-shipment , the price is much cheaper that the local stores . I love being able to get it in bulk so that I do n't have to keep going back to the store .
 Unlike the ubiquitous white diapers , these diapers look and feel more like soft cotton . We just love them for our daughter . Quality is great too . In the past we had straps come off on few diapers but that is no more a complaint for like last six months or so . Price is comparable to the huggies/pampers , etc. .
 These soft , stretchy , diapers make us feel a little less guilty about not using cloth . They are a great diaper , we 've never had a leak , and they are kinder to our son 's body than conventional diapers.Besides , they look cool too !
 if you ca n't use cloth diapers , then this is the next best option . my daughter has been in these diapers since she was 2 months old ... the only reason i do n't give this product 5 stars is because the first couple of months i had to sometimes used pampers because they were much softer than seventh generation -RRB- and less bulky . by the time my baby was about 10 weeks old , these were less bulky and a more comfortable fit . i hate all chemicals and perfumes in other diapers that do n't seem to be good for newborn skin . i plan to use these as long as my daughter 's in diapers !
 Not too outrageously priced , comfortable for our daughter and easy to use , do n't give her diaper rash , and shipped to our door each month - I think they 're great !
 I have used these since my now 19 month old was born and have n't had a problem . The only time they leak was when she was close to needing the next size and then we just moved her up . We had diaper rash problems with scented diapers and have never had a an issue since switching . I am really happy with this product and the price on amazon is great .
 I feel good using these diapers since they are better for our environment . They work just as well or even better than typical brand name diapers . I like to use the Subscribe and Save option through Amazon so I always have some on hand since they are not sold in typical grocery stores in my area .
 If you are like me and have that conflict of convenience vs better for the environment going in your head when it comes to cloth diapers vs disposable ... . this product is a great way to feel good in both categories . The fit is good , and there are no silly characters or pictures on the diapers -LRB- my daughter does n't care either -RRB- . They perform well with absorbancy and hold for those big loads ... . Sometimes heavy night wetting can leak through when they are still doing night feedings . In that case , we used a night diaper just for bed .
 Yes , I really like this diaper . It covers her well and though she sometimes wakes from a long night 's sleep with a little leakage , the major brands leak sometimes , too . I just feel better about my little one in a diaper that 's not loaded with lots of chemicals !!! Better for the earth , too .
 These diapers have worked out very well for us . We have not had any leaking of stool or urine , even with breastfeeding poops and sleeping 8-9 hours at a time . They do seem to run a little small , but otherwise they have been great .
 These are great diapers - they even better than Pampers -LRB- they leak less ! -RRB- and they 're so much better for the environment ! I greatly reccomend them !
 I use these diapers for my daughter at night after her bath . They last through the night with no leaks . They are ultra absorbent and fit her nicely too . Though I use cloth diapers throughout the day , I feel good about using these for trips out and at night . A great diaper !
 These are excellent diapers and I love the company so I 'm happy to promote their business . My husband believed they leaked on a rare occasion , but I think that was more a reflection of how much milk my daughter drinks ! Solid diapers AND they arrived in the mail THE NEXT DAY !!
 I have a baby girl who has extremely sensitive skin . My daughter broke out from all the dyes in the brand and off brand diapers . After literally trying all the different diapers available in local stores , Seventh Generation was reccomended by a family member who had the same problems . I was not able to find a retail store in my area that sold these diapers . I found them on Amazon and tried them out . I love them ! My daughter has not had any rashes from them . They are amazing . No problems with leaking . I would definatley reccomend these diapers and with Amazon you can not beat the price ! I signed up for the home delivery and get free shipping every month , its perfect .
 These diapers are just as good as the Huggies and Pampers of the world . Plus , when you buy in bulk and have the auto re-fill , they are the same price , if not cheaper . AND - you help the environment ! That 's worth a lot .
 I absolutely love these diapers ! They are so soft and do an excellent job . I imagined they would be tough , like cardboard , but I was very pleased to be wrong ! They feel like cloth , do n't have cheesy cartoon characters printed all over them , and do what a diaper is supposed to do . And they are good for the environment ! How can you go wrong ? I also subscribe and save , which means the already low price on Amazon is 15 % lower , they come automatically , and they are delivered to my door ! No schlepping the kid around or running out of diapers during a snowstorm !
 I love these diapers . No chlorine means less chemicals on yourbabies skin . 60 % of chemicals that touch the skin are absorbed intoit . I highly recommend these diapers if you ca n't do cloth .
 We are very happy with these diapers , and have been using them since our 6 month-old was a newborn . They run a little small , and getting them by subscription here is definitely the best deal -LRB- it 's easy to change the subscription , too -RRB- . It 's great to have them delivered to your door!We 've only had a handful of leaks and blowouts , and those would have happened in any brand of diaper . Now that our daughter is more mobile , they definitely do n't get in her way . She sleeps well at night , too . It 's nice to support a company with the values of Seventh Generation . I highly recommend their products .
 All of 7th Gen products are fabulous . This is a great company , an environmental leader and great products .
 After my daughter kept getting diaper rash , the doctor suggested using chlorine free diapers . She has not had any problems since switching -LRB- over a year -RRB- . I also love the way they fit and the fact that they do n't have any fragrance . I receive a case every month and get a great deal on them by doing it that way . I highly recommend them .
 We 've used Seventh Generation diapers on our 12month old daughter for the last 10 months . They must fit her well as she 's never tried to take them off -LRB- and she 's been capable of it for the last 5 months -RRB- , never gotten diaper rash , and she 's NEVER had a blow out . They cost a few cents more per diaper than the leading brands , but we try to make up for that by buying only used clothing , gear , and book/toys for our daughter . We 've tried cloth diapers -LRB- diaper rash -RRB- , G-diapers -LRB- messy if poop was n't hard -RRB- , swaddlers -LRB- skin crease -RRB- , and snug and dry -LRB- skin crease -RRB- . Seventh Generation diapers have been great diapers for our daughter and they 're worth at least trying .
 No harsh chemicals ! These do not leave any residue on your baby 's bottom like conventional diapers - no bad stuff soaking into their skin ! They work very well - maybe about 90-95 % as absorbant as the ones with dioxin and other toxic chemicals - worth the trade off !
 We have always used seventh generation diapers on our son and love the fit and chlorine free diapers . These diapers have a snugger fit than the same size pampers .
 With these diapers my daughter does have any diaper rush , while when sometimes we switch to mainstream commercial diapers , the very severe diaper rush occured already twice.In addition it is very nice not to have any commercial characters on the diapers - it is quite annoying how big companies trying to brainwash our little ones even in the toilet :-LRB- .
 These diapers are safer for baby , and do some good for the environment -LRB- even though they 're dispoable -RRB- . The `` natural '' color surprised me when I first opened the package , but now I think it 's cute ! These diapers do the job of holding in leaks -LRB- as long as it 's fastened correctly -- I learned the hard way once -RRB- and keeps baby 's bottom dry . The tabs are nice and stretchy and I can see it adjusting nicely as my baby grows . I 've been using them on my baby boy since 1 week old and he 's only had one slight case of diaper rash -LRB- but that disappeared immediately after I tried some diaper cream and has n't come back since -RRB- . Also , these diapers do n't have any perfumey scent which is nice ! Amazon provides these diapers at a great value too , so I order in bulk with Subscribe and Save . Highly recommended !
 My sinuses are bad and I ca n't take scented products . These are the only ones I found that are unscented and they have n't leaked so I am happy with them .
 Love these diapers . First because we are trying to live green as much as we can , second because it is chlorine free , third it does not have the pictures on them . They might be just a little bit more expensive but well worth the money , especially for us with a child who has eczema and is allergic to pretty much everything .
 These diaper are amazing . Baby has never had diaper rash , and they hold a ton ! They are great for the enviornment and I love that they are plain , no Disney or Looney Toons blaring at my face every time I change Babies diaper . Strongly recommended !
 We love these diapers . They not only help the environment by being unbleached , but they are just as great in quality as a mainstream diaper . We use many of Seventh Generation 's products , have met the company 's founder first hand and have read his books . It is nice to find a company that truly believes in how its products affect its end user , in this case , a baby.My toddler weighs 30.5 lbs and the stage 6 fits just fine . Stage 5 , although the sizing says it should fit her , does seem too small .
 I love these diapers . They 're nice and soft , do not have any annoying cartoon characters on them , and they absorb well . No wacky smells , etc. . Recommend wholeheartedly .
 I have tried every disposable there is and I prefer to put Seventh Generation on my son . My only squabble is with sizing . My son is a long 31 lbs and he already wears size six . I only hope he 's potty trained by the time he grows out of them . If only they made training pants ...
 I am using cloth diapers for around the house , but it is easier to use the disposals when going out or going to grandma 's for the day.I 've tried the all the name brands and non-name brands to see what we like best . These are our favorites -LRB- after the cloth -RRB- hands down . They do not scratch my son 's legs at all , like some of the other do.My son wears a size 6 in other diapers and a 5 in Seventh Generation . I guess it just depends on how they are shaped . He only weighs 20.9 lbs and we have to use the size 5 . So do n't use the weights listed as your only guide !
 After trying all of the name brands , these by far are the best . No leaks , no problems . And if they 're better for the environment - what a plus . We wo n't use anything else .
 other diapers with chlorine , etc. are especially harmful to baby boys so I used these for my daughter until she was one but will use them for my son until he 's potty trained .
 I 've been using this sine my baby was born , now for 9 months , never had a leakage problem , the new fit is better , slimmer , the old design was so bulky . Unlike other brands , this has no bleach/chemical smell during use , There was a bag of defective diapers though , one end has no valcore , Amazon ordered exchange quickly , no complains .
 Solid product ! Seventh Generation diapers work just as well as other brands with our 9 month old . We have consistently purchased pampers in the past but now use Seventh Generation .
 I 've tried huggies , pampers , luvs , but none are as good as these ! My 4 month old makes it through the night in these without waking up to be changed . I tried to switch to pampers swaddlers to see if the same would happen with them - nope ! She woke up screaming from being wet every night I used them . I switched back to seventh generation , and she 's sleeping soundly again . Her sleeping and my sanity are worth the extra few cents per diaper ! Hope this helps !
 nice diapers we do n't feel too too bad about throwing in the bin .
 great diapers and better for the planet.at amazon 's low prices , they end up costingthe same as the un-eco friendly diapers atthe market . great fit and super absorbent.use these !!!
 These are my favorite disposable diapers . They are a medium tan , which draws comments such as `` So what 's with the brown diapers ?! '' or `` You must be pretty green . '' So either be prepared to ignore or address such comments , or make sure you can keep the diaper covered with clothes -LRB- which I do n't -RRB- . They are free of chlorine , latex and fragrance . They are hypo-allergenic too . They are hard to find in stores , even health food stores , so it is wonderful to be able to buy them in quantity on Amazon . They are as absorbent or even more so , than any mainstream diaper I 've used when I was out of my favorite diaper.Seventh Generation has a whole line of products that I just love includingSeventh Gen Baby Wipes Tub.They have a complete satisfaction quarantee , so if you do n't like their product there is a phone number , and website where you can return it for a full refund with a receipt and proof of purchase .
 Using Seventh Generation Diapers is as close as I can get to helping the environment when it comes to diapers . I refuse to use cloth diapers . I have three young girls and two are still in diapers . I buy the diapers through Subscribe and Pay at Amazon so I save money and the diapers come everymonth . There is no need for an emergency diaper run !
 These look a little `` dirty '' before use , but they perform just as well as conventional diapers . They also make me feel like I 'm doing my part for the planet , with all I 've read about diapers and landfills . Other people always have positive comments when they see my boys wearing them . I think it 's worth the few extra cents per diaper to help the environment .
 How nice not to be knocked out by disgusting fake baby scented chemicals when you put a diaper on your child . These are great for them , and although not cloth , a better option than pampers ! They absorb well and fit perfectly ! And there are no characters on them either , which is a plus .
 The cost savings is tremedous for a quality diaper found in expensive Health Food Stores . Every Child should use Bleach free diapers , especially if they are suceptible to reocurring diaper rashes . Urine mixed with Bleach is uncomfortable . I also like the fact that there are no cartoons or advertisiments on the diaper itself , looks better under dresses or peeking out under garments . LOVE THEM !!!
 A great alternative to disposable diapers that contain chlorine . The diaper has a slightly stugger fit than Huggies .
 I think these diapers are the best ! I wanted to go with cloth ... but working full time , I just could not get it to work . I think these diapers are soft and comfortable feeling and would never use another diaper brand . I like that there is no chlorine in them and I LOVE the natural brown color they are .
 I could not figure out what was causing my baby 's diaper rashes . I thought she was lactose intolerant , she was allergic to something , etc. . I had never even heard of unbleached diapers before . So I searched for something online and came across these . I bought these and the wipes , and when I use both she NEVER gets a rash . I was worried about leaks and I have n't had one problem in months of using these . I am so thankful for these diapers , now I do n't have to cringe every diaper change .
 It is so tough to decide which way to go
 I find my daughter has fewer overnight leaks with Seventh Generation than with Pampers . Friends whose kids had diaper rash troubles said that seventh Generation diapers were less irritating . And they 're better for the environment , so that 's a great bonus !
 I love these diapers ! I 've used them for over 8 months now , after looking on-line for better prices on diapers . I had no idea these type of diapers even existed . I was happy to read about these , and was annoyed to find out that regular diapers used bleach and other harmful chemicals . No wonder kids get diaper rash . I was an avid pampers user before with my previous 2 girls , simply because I did n't know any better . My daughter has not had diaper rash even once with these diapers . The one time she did , was when I had to switch back to pampers after my local store ran out of these temporarily . I was not that fond of the look of these diapers at first , but after having had to go back to pampers whenever we ca n't find these diapers , I 'm even more happy to have found them . They are cheaper , and way more reliable . Shocker I know . We do n't have any problems with leaks , unlike with the other diapers . . I 'll admit they took getting a little used to , but I can truly say I would not recommend anything else .
 I love these . We cloth diapered majority of the time but these were great on trips . Night or day we never have any leaks . We have also never had diaper rash .
 these daipers are a great alternative for moms who want to help the environment , but do n't want to do cloth daipers . The chlorine-free processing does nothing to the effectiveness of the daiper . They seem to fit and work just as well as Huggies and Pampers on my son . They are only a liitle more expensive then regular daipers , so it 's worth it . I did n't rate them a 5 because the first batch I received had little sand like pieces imbedded in the daiper -LRB- which is n't normal -RRB- , but I contacted Amazon and they replaced the box of daipers free of charge .
 This is the only diaper that will hold all night without leak . I guess the reason why is that good is because they are chlorine free .
 These diapers are the best . Our son has worn them since birth . They are really soft and comfy , and they last all night . We do n't change him between 8 pm - 8 am , even with his night feeding , and it 's never a problem . We love that we are protecting him from poisonous chlorine . Friends and nannies who 've used other brands of diapers are always impressed with Seventh Generation . I just wish they were biodegradable !
 I use cloth diapers most of the time at home , but like to have disposibles at night and when we go out . Seventh Generation diapers are a better alternative to the normal bleached diapers . These leave no chemical residue -LRB- dioxin -RRB- on baby or in land fills . There is more info . about this on their packages and on their websits . So even though cloth is better , these diapers are by far better for the environment than the normal disposable diaper .
 We 've used 7th Gen diapers since our son was about 4 months old - when a friend handed us the end of a size 1 package . We 've tried many other brands and none work as well as these . We 're committed to them and are very happy .
 I can only tell you that my wife asked me to order more of these Seventh Generation diapers because they worked better than Huggies , Luvs or Pampers . I guess they did n't leak as much as the others . We also feel good about using a more natural product -LRB- second only to using cloth diapers -RRB- .
 We tried a lot of diapers -LRB- including Huggies -RRB- but these are the best we have tried by far . These do not leak for most `` explosions '' . I highly recommend them .
 We have tried many different types of Diapers . These work as well , if not better , then Pampers -LRB- which are the best name brand diapers we found -RRB- . 7th Generation Diapers blow bargan basement diapers away . We experimented with Target and Wal * Mart brand diapers , both of which were cheaper , but leaked about 40 % of the time , which meant we used almost twice as many diapers , and had to do the laundry that many more times . When factoring that in , we ended up spending more on the discount diapers . Since 7th Generation are on par with the cost of Pampers -LRB- especially when buying in bulk from Amazon -RRB- , they work just as well , and they are better for the environment , it 's a no brainer . Use 7th Generation diapers !
 I have a 16 mth old little girl and am always searching for products that are organic , natural , harmless , etc. . These diapers were the perfect find to fulfill my needs . I researched the product on their website and was convinced that this product was a better fit for my daughter versus the diapers you find at most groceries/baby stores . The color also does not bother me . I recommend this to anyone who is concerned with all of the products out in the market containing harmful ingredients the may pose long-term effects . This was a diamond in the rough because there is not much exposure on this product and thanks to Amazon I was able to discover it .
 These were nice diapers . Most other diapers did n`t fit our son when he was born because he had a big tummy and no butt so they would fall off -LRB- like the pampers the hosipital sent home w/us -RRB- and it would be a mess but these were nice and snug and fit him wonderfully .
 We have used 7th Generation diapers for our daughter since the day she was born . She is 9 months now and weighs 19 lbs and these diapers fit her very well . The elastic tabs are an excellent feature that really help to keep the diaper snug against her skin . All of the 7th Generation baby products work well , are competitvely priced and are good for our baby and the environment .
 These are great !! I love that they are good for my son , and the enviroment !! And the price here on Amazon is better than Huggies , or Pampers could do any day.Oh , yeah ... And they fit great , and never leak , yippee !!
 We just love these diapers . They are very absorbant and rarely leak , even overnight -LRB- 12 hours -RRB- . I also feel better that they are non-chlorinated for baby and the environment . We do n't use anything else !
 I ordered all my diapers from 7th Generation and love it . They are great - never had problems with leaking .
 I like these diapers for a few reasons . 1 -RRB- They do n't have the nasty , stiff -LRB- or worse , plastic-y -RRB- feel of most national brands . They 're soft . 2 -RRB- None of that cloying `` baby '' scent . My baby 's skin smells nice -- if she 's stinky , it means she needs a diaper change , not perfume ! 3 -RRB- I like the fact that they 're not whitened with chlorine bleach.The only reason I 'm knocking these diapers down a star , is because I have noticed that once in a while -LRB- it 's always after an overnight , when the diaper is very wet -RRB- my daughter does have some of the gel stuff on her bottom . That 's kind of yucky . I 've had it happen with national brand diapers too , but hoped 7th Gen would be different . I guess it 's just a property of that gel.As for the controversial fit of the `` improved '' diapers , well , I guess I never experienced the older style , but I 'm fine with the way they fit . Although I will agree that the upper end of the weight range listed on the package is probably unrealistic . I found that my baby -LRB- who is good sized , but not huge for her age -RRB- moved up to size 3 several pounds in advance of the top weight listed on the package for size 2 . Keep that in mind when buying these by the case !
 Like most , we 've tried these diapers in addition to other brands like Huggies and Nature Baby Care . We liked the idea of re-usable diapers due to the environmental impact of disposable diapers . However , in practice , re-usable diapers just would n't work for us and Im not convinced they are that much `` greener '' due to all of the washing required.Of the eco-friendly and non-toxic chlorine free diapers , we like the Seventh Generation diapers best . They have been non-irritating and relatively leak proof to date . Our baby is an infrequent pooper , but when she goes , it is BIG . Rarely with even the biggest poops has there been a small amount of leakage.We did make the mistake of taking our baby into the pool with these on . The diaper absorbed so much water that it burst , so use diapers specially made for being in water when swimming.Highly recommend these . Unfortunately , we have not found these at Walmart or Target . Buy Buy Baby did have them and our Whole Foods has them , but buying them on Amazon in bulk seems to be a good deal .
 I love these diapers . Most of the time they do n't leak , but every diaper I have bought -LRB- even Huggies overnights -RRB- leak on occasion . The only issue with these diapers is that they run a little small . I always go one size up . The tabs are nice and wide and the diaper itself is super soft and flexible . Other earth-friendly diapers are very stiff . Definitely give this one a try if you are looking for a less toxic diaper . : + -RRB-
 We switched to chlorine free diapers when our first-born had a rash that would not go away . These did the trick , huge improvement on sensitive skin and nice quality on the diapers while we were using them . Amazon 's recurring order discount was a great bonus on these.Would definitely go back to this brand for diapers .
 These diapers are a bit more expensive than regular diapers but worth it if you do n't want your baby 's skin to be exposed to chlorine and other chemicals in other brands of diapers . Plus they are much better for the environment . The cheapest place I have found to buy them is at -LSB- ... -RSB- where you can get $ 10 off your first order by entering code JENI2774 . You can also get free shipping on any orders over $ 49 .
 This is the best price on these diapers out there . The automatic shipping and extra savings is a no brainier . Great for busy or large families . It saves needless trips to the store and is ultra convenient .
 We purchased these diapers because they are chlorine free . Have n't had issues with them leaking pee . The poop does leak a little sometimes , but I think it has more to do with the poop than the diaper .
 These are great diapers and a really great price through Amazon ! Love the Subscribe and Save feature . Ca n't beat having the diapers arrive on my doorstep and free shipping !
 Our baby was born a bit early and these diapers were too big for him when he was first born -LRB- they do n't make a preemie size -RRB- . The `` other '' diapers gave him diaper rash , but when he was big enough to switch to these , his diaper rash went away . We have n't had any trouble with them leaking like another reviewer did.I just wish they made a slightly smaller size.Rebecca .
 Great price for great diapers . The subscribe in save makes things very simple and we save a ton of money.Seventh Generation makes a great alternative to cloth diapers . We found them to be perfect for our little one . The toxic scent that you find with Pampers and Huggies is not found in the Seventh Generation brand . Plus , you 're improving the environment . We 've never had leaks -- even at night!We love Seventh Generation . Try them out ! You wo n't go back !
 I 've been trying to find ways for our family to reduce its collective ecological footprint . As part of that effort , I finally decided to get on board with greener diapers . These Seventh Generation diapers did not disappoint . I have now gone through 5 packages and have not had a single diaper with a hard spot -LRB- as some others have experienced -RRB- and have had only one diaper tear at the side tab while I was trying to secure it . -LRB- I believe the tearing had just as much to do with a squirmy 10-month old as with the diaper , though ! -RRB- The diapers seem to be as absorbent as the namebrand version we had been using , too . Yay!Now , can anyone recommend better wipes that wo n't break the bank ?
 these are great diapers , good for the earth , good for my baby , no annoying characters on them and easy to use
 Love these diapers - less toxic than a traditional diaper , yet my daughter can still wear them overnight without any leaks which is rare in a `` healthier '' diaper !
 these are simply the best diapers , and the best for my son . no toxic chemicals -LRB- chlorine turns into a cancer causing chemical when used in diapers ! -RRB- , they are virtually leak proof , and they are plain off-white -LRB- no annoying cartoons or colors on them ! -RRB- i tried all the `` green '' brands , and these are hands down the best!seventh generation wipes are awesome too ... no yucky chemicals or fragrance !
 We use both cloth diapers -LRB- Fuzzibunz -RRB- and disposables , and I love the Seventh Generation ones . My daughter is petite but has sizeable legs and the Size 3 fits great !
 these diapers are great ... get a subscription for new mom and baby ... every month new shipment arrives ... no clipping coupons ... no running to store ... saves time and gas ... fit is perfect ... no diaper rash ... makes at least one thing in life simpler !
 The words on the package are very motivating to be using these diapers . They work great for my little one and do not irritate her at all .
 These diapers are great . They absorb well and do n't leak . Also , this is a great price . If you buy them at the supermarket they are usually $ 12 or $ 13 a package , if you sign-up for a subscription on Amazon it comes out to about $ 9 a package .
 Started using this product recently for my 14 month old daughter . After trying about everything to get rid of diaper rash this diaper really worked along with their wipes . No more diaper rash.However if you use this product be ready for a midnight change of clothes as I have found that they leak , not always but they do . It also depends on the quantity of fluids the baby has had before its night sleep.I contacted the company about this & they acknowledged the problem.Per their response they are working on it & promised to update me about the resolution .
 Their diapers hold about the same wetness compared to HUGGIES . 7thGen leaks occasionally if my son 's had a lot to drink the night before . My son is approaching 36 lbs . and Seventh Generation fit him perfectly with room to spare . HUGGIES were a bit snug . Also , the fact that they are chlorine free is a plus . I even use their wipes . My husband thinks the beige/nude color makes the diaper look dirty . The color does n't bother me at all .
 These are really good diapers that do n't leak , keep my son dry , and I feel better about throwing them away . They are n't printed on either so that saves the ink , too . Plus they go with everything . With a mix of these and cloth I think we 're doing something at least eco-thoughtful . The price is not much more than cheapo bleached if you get the scheduled delivery .
 The tabs are easier than Huggies . Absorbs just as well . No chlorine to worry about . All in all very satisfied with the performance . And no Disney marketing to program my baby .
 I used Pampers Swaddlers for the first 5 months then switched to these ... I can honestly say they work just as well as the Swaddlers . . My daughter is breastfed so the poops are big and runny so you 're going to have leaks every now and then regardless of what 's wrapped around their bottoms -LRB- afterall -RRB- runny poop is going to take the path of least resistance ... especially when your baby is strapped into the car seat there really is n't anywhere else for the mess to go except up and out of the diaper . The natural polymers do a fantastic job of both wicking away & holding the urine -LRB- but -RRB- I put desitin on her always just to be safe and she 's never had diaper rash once .
 We love these diapers . My baby has sensitive skin and `` conventional '' diapers quickly give her a rash . These -- free of the icky stuff -- do n't ! They also seem to hold a lot more and leak a LOT less . I highly recommend these to anyone with a baby -- whether because they want to do something a little more `` crunchy '' or because of a baby 's sensitive skin .
 They absorb well and almost always hold through the night . Whenever I have to switch back to the bleached diapers and my baby 's skin looks a little irritated I switch back to the chlorine free and it seems to clear right up . My favorite disposables .
 these diapers are made without the use of chlorine , which is a toxic substance and made in a toxic way , so HURRAY for these brown diapers ! plus they are soft , absorbing and comfy on baby . go brown ! ... be green !
 In 2005 , Seventh Generation changed the manufacturer of their diapers . We liked the old style better , but have found a solution in ordering the next size up from what you think you should order . It 's a semi-green product - still has gels , but one of the better choices.In Toronto , the city now picks up disposable diapers with the recycling !
 We have used the 7th Generation natural diapers for our baby for the past 17 months . They have never leaked . They fit very well . People at daycare , the doctor 's office , friends all notice the unusual `` brown diapers '' and ask about them , everyone is very interested in them . Our doctor recomends them , he 's not a fan of the toxic gel cores in other disposable diapers . They are a natural color , not bleached white , and this is also nice as it does n't stick out like a sore thumb when poking out of shorts ! I would recomend them to my closest friends and family .
 I continue to be pleased with the 7th generation diapers . They fit my baby well and do not leak . I appreciate that the company is trying to make them environmentally friendly .
 These diapers are great . We are n't ready to use cloth diapers yet and this way we feel we are doing what 's best for our baby and the environment . They fit great and we hardly ever have leaks .
 These diapers are super absorbant , look comfortable on baby and most importantly are safe for baby and environment . There are no allergies or rashes because of the lack of chemicals and by ordering online they are delivered right to my front door .
 These are fabulous diapers . I 've tried other name-brands and bargin diapers . I keep coming back to Seventh Generation Diapers . No nasty odors . No leaks . My baby does not get diaper rashes like he did with other diapers .
 I like these diapers so much better than the big name brands -LRB- huggies , pampers , etc. -RRB- They absorb well , fit well , and do n't stink of perfume and chemicals .
 all natural , no chemicals or hazardous materials -LRB- before use that is -RRB- unbleached and non alergenic , what else would you put on your child or grandchilds bottom ?
 I really like these diapers . We almost never have leaks - only the occasional overnight overflow but even then it 's minor . I would give them five stars if I was sure they really are better for the environment than your typical diaper .
 Much better than Pampers or Huggies and relatively the same price . Absorbs nicely . I actually like the new tabs better . In my experience they run bigger than the `` name brand '' commercial diapers .
 This is the third time I have ordered diapers from Amazon and I always receive them right away . The price is great and there is no shipping charge . I recommend this to all moms !!!
 Great product however I am unhappy with my order service . I updated my automatic delivery for two boxes per month . But I was sent three boxes instead and billed for three . Now I have more than I need and have to pay more than I was prepared for this month . How did this happen and can anyone fix it ? I do n't want three boxes again next month ! I will appreciate a response , Thankyou .
 We use these diapers when we are going to be out of the house for long periods of time and at night time . They are a great addition to cloth diapers because they keep our baby 's bum dry a lot longer which is a bonus because changing a diaper in public restrooms can be gross ! They 've also been great for night time because the babe does n't wake up from a wet diaper . It also saves me time since I do n't have to wash dirty crib sheets very often . The sizes run a little big so they did n't work for us until our little one was at least 10 lbs .
 Using the subscribe and save service with these diapers definitely seems like the way to go . They 're quality chlorine-free -LRB- very important to us -RRB- diapers . Much cheaper through this service than anywhere else we could find . Our baby has probably gone through 800 or so of these things and we 've only had a couple of leaks ... not bad .
 nothing to say , except that I just keep on buying them , no leaks , great fit !
 We switched to these diapers in an effort to be more environmentally friendly . We found that these diapers are actually BETTER than many of the `` name '' brands out there - less leakage and a bit softer . We also found that by purchasing them on Amazon through the Super Savers Subscription that they cost about the same , not to mention they are delivered to your door for free . For a busy mom of two , these scheduled shipments are such a treat ! I would suggest buying one size up as I think they run a bit on the smaller size compared to what the label suggests . Also , once our daughter 's skin got used to these diapers , we have been unable to go back to the diapers that are n't chlorine free - she gets TERRIBLE diaper rash -LRB- almost like a burn ! -RRB- ... That makes me wonder what kinds of chemicals are in those other diapers and I do n't want her exposed to those anyway !!!!!! I could n't be happier with the switch .
 I started my 9-pounder on the Stage 1 and I really liked them but them when I went up to Stage 2 , I thought they were pretty leaky . I set them aside and then recently went back to them now that he is bigger , and I think they are great again . In particular , they do seem to be more absorbent overnight than Huggies . Plus , I like the tabs on them - they are softer than most other brands we 've tried . I think that like most diapers , different ones work for different shaped babies but these are easily as good as any of the other name brands .
 My baby had a pretty bad allergic reaction to regular diapers , so I gave this one a try . It was just a matter of days until the redness on her skin disappeared . This is the only diaper she uses now .
 i love these diapers from seven generation . ever since i use them my baby does n't get diaper rash anymore . no more leaks . great product . both mommy and son love this . this is environmental friend .
 The 7th generation diapers fit well and are unsented unlike all regular brands of diapers . Love them .
 I ended up purchasing this product when my 4 month old came down with a diaper rash and nothing seemed to work . I tried all the major dipaer brands and creams . Then I switched to these and the corresponding wipes . Finally the rash went away.Also I was impressed with the price for these . They are not much more expensive than Huggies or Pampers
 After our preemie baby came home from the hospital with diaper rash we started trying different brands . Most of them leaked and the diaper rash continued . We tried Seventh Generation and to our pleasure , no leaks and the diaper rash cleared . We have been loyal customers for the last year with no plans of switching . After our son turned 1 we noticed some leaking at night , but that was solved by using the next size larger for night time wear . I hope they come out with swim diapers too !
 My husband and I bought these diapers in a pinch . We were hanging out in the city when we realized we did n't have diapers in our bag . After trying them out we were surprised with the quality . After reading about Seventh Generations outlook on the environment , we wo n't go back to using pampers .
 We originally wanted to do cloth diapers , but it was too time consuming and stinky ! We wanted to find the most environmentally friendly disposable and Seventh Generation is it . We feel good knowing that we are n't exposing our baby to dioxin -LRB- Google it to learn more -RRB- . The diapers work great and the tabs seem to be working fine for us.No leaks and good for your baby and the environment . You ca n't ask for more than that !
 These are great diapers & better for baby . They do a great job at holding everything in . I use cloth during the day and 7th generation at night because I have a heavy wetter .
 Perfumed newborn diapers irritated our son 's skin and our search for an alternative led us to these . Initially the brownish color was off-putting but now they look natural and white ones look wrong . We 've now been using them for over nineteen months during which time the design has changed but they have always been fine . They are better for the environment than some others too .
 I did cloth diapering for awhile but found I needed time for other things in place of diaper washing . So I used these . They work GREAT ! Awesome fit and they do n't cause a rash in my son where any other diaper usually does . They absorb a lot and are just wonderful!Mandi
 I have used Huggies and Pampers with my 3 year old and I tried this ones with my 6 month old , I like this ones better , they are n't as stiff and I like the straps . However you need to change them more offten I still use Pamers at night because this ones do n't hold up all night .7 pm - 7am .
 I gave the product 4 stars because I really like what the company is trying to do , however the diapers are supposed to fit up to 37 pounds and they are very tight on my 32 pound little girl . I would like to see a thigh circumference measurement or something to help with sizing . There 's nothing like buying a case of diapers that do n't fit well - it 's just a bit annoying .
 works very well . have used the different sizes for our son for 1.5 yrs .
 We LOVE seventh generation diapers and wipes . The diapers are soft , obsorbent , and comfortable . They feel more like a cloth diaper than other disposables . And the cute , light brown color feels more natural than having Elmo or Blues Clues pasted all over his bottom . And they are chlorine free and gentle on his skin . He is 5 months old , and NEVER had diaper rash . The wipes are great too ! No wierd residue left on him , and very soft . Also comes out of his diaper warmer very easily .
 They fit great , rarely any leaks , I feel good about purchasing the chlorine free diapers . No perfume smell .
 The fact that these diapers are environmentally friendlier than regular disposables is great and helps assuage our guilt for using disposable rather than cloth . The price is competitive , especially with Amazon 's subscriber service discount , and we have encountered no defects . However , they are not quite as absorbent as regular disposables and when used overnight we often encountered leaks , so we use regular disposables as overnight diapers and 7th Generation all other times .
 These diapers are terrific . We 've been using them for 9 months now and love them . They not only have an environmental benefit by being clorine free , they are as good as , if not better than , many of the `` traditional '' brand diapers out there .
 The only thing I miss is the cute design ... aside from that these hold up as well as the larger name brands I used to use . I was afraid to try these , I worried they would be like the generic brands out there , but they are great ! Better for the enviroment and healthier for my little one 's skin ... the most important thing !
 We have been most pleased with these diapers . They do n't have any perfume in them , and they have not leaked -LRB- until our little one outgrew each stage -RRB- . The absorbancy has been excellent , and our little one 's bottom has n't had any adverse reactions to any materials in the diaper . And by purchasing and using a product by Seventh Generation , I feel a little better about using disposable items ! I also purchased their wipes , which have also been wonderful . The wipes are a little smaller than other name-brand wipes I 've purchased , and they 're thinner - but , they still soak up the mess all the same without getting any onto my fingers . And they 're clorine-free ! I am quite happy that we made this purchase , and we 're going to continue using Seventh Generation baby products .
 I 've purchased these diapers many times and I really love them . The tabs are really stretchy and I 've never ever had a blow out up the back or anything :-RRB- For those of you who breastfeed , you know what kind of blow outs I 'm talking about !!! One of the packages came and all the diapers were defective . The right tab was ripping right away from each other . I called Seventh Generation and they were really nice , told me that for some reason once in a while this happens and it 's usually the right tab that does it ! She sent me a coupon for a free pack of diapers and some more coupons as well.Love these diapers , love the company !
 They work very well ! Pampers cruisers leave a gel on my daughter so we went with these . I have used them for several months . Very similiar in size to cruisers size 3 . The only thing I do n't like is the fastener tab.It is bigger than other brands . It has to be positioned just right so it wo n't irritate her skin . Other than that , they are great .
 I usually use cloth diapers through a diaper service , however when traveling or in a pinch , I love these diapers . I am happy that they are unbleached and they work as well as the best disposables I have used -LRB- I have 3 children -RRB- . I highly recommend these if you have to use disposables .
 I used this product while traveling in the U.S. this past summer -LRB- normally we use cloth diapers -RRB- and the diapers were excellent . Since they are not available locally I decided to order these to use at home as well . Unfortunately we received a bad batch of diapers - nearly half had torn tabs making the diaper unusable . When I reported the issue to Amazon.com , they replaced the order without a hassle . Because of this and because my experience with these diapers except for the bad batch has been excellent , I feel they do deserve the highest rating . No funky smells . No prints . I even get compliments on the color - I think because they look more natural rather than stark white .
 Very happy with the quality of the diaper and ease of fit . The cheapest I have found them has been on Amazon .
 I bought these b/c my youngest daughter kept getting a rash after using another brand of diapers which I loved on our first daughter . I was hesitant to change brands b/c I loved the way the other diapers fit and did not leak , but decided to change for her sake and her rash soon cleared up and the diapers do a great job ! I was very impressed with how well they work , even with breastfeeding poop !!
 These diapers are great for anyone that is eco-conscious as well as concerned about all of the chemicals that we are exposed to everyday , but is also busy and is n't ready to tackle the cloth diaper route , yet . I would suggest not going by the suggested pounds for sizing if you have a short child . I ordered the size 4 hesitantly because my son wore a Pampers size 5 , but was well within the weight range for a 4 . The 4 did not fit and we had to order 5 's . Amazon has a great price on these !
 I have two kids in diapers . These diapers are great for eco-friendly parents . The kids rarely get diaper rashes and work very well . Purchasing from Amazon keeps the pricing competetive with other brands .
 I 've been using the seventh generation diapers for my daughter since she was a newborn and I love them . They are absorbent , easy to put on a squirmy baby , and they do n't leak ! I particularly like the fact that they do n't have an icky perfumy odor . The only issue I 've had is that a few packages have contained defective diapers -LRB- ex
 I have used these diapers on my daughter since the day we brought her home from the hospital-she is now 9 months old . As a staunch consumer of cruelty-free products , I was pleased to find brands of diapers made by companies other than the animal-UNFRIENDLY P&G and the like . I have been so extremely pleased with Seventh Generation diapers . They do not leak . They fit well . They do not have cheesy cartoon characters all over them . Ordering them by the case from Amazon is by far the best deal - free shipping . I also use Seventh Generation wipes and have had the same fantastic results . I have nothing negative to say about these products !
 These diapers work just as well as other disposable diapers . We have never had an accident . The only small issue was that we had to go up a size in these diapers . My son who was 9 months at the time and weighed around 17 lbs had to wear size 4 because the size 3 's were cutting into his legs . Other than that , they were great for his skin after we realized that all the weird diaper rashes were because he was allergic to chlorine .
 I 'm glad that these diapers are available online . They are n't sold locally in our area and are really a good product . You ca n't beat getting FREE SHIPPING on diapers and an extra discount for signing up for the subscription service ... THEY HAVE MADE MY SON 's RASH TOTALLY DISAPEAR !!!!!!
 We really like these diapers . They are chlorine-free so better for the environment and less harsh on baby 's bottom . Plus when you buy them online they are cheaper per diaper than places like Sam 's Club . They have nice stretchy tabs so she has some freedom of movement . We have had a leak here and there , but not any more than we did with a store brand , and nothing major . Overal we are very pleased .
 We found these have great stretch in all the right places -LRB- back waist and tabs , along with legs of course -RRB- and are very absorbant . Pampers Swaddlers also have stretch but gave our little monkey diaper rash within a day :-LRB- We use cloth at home and these when we 're out and love 'em ! Highly recommend them to all our friends with babies .
 My son is 15 and a half pounds and has been using these diapers about 2-3 weeks so far . They work great , hardly ever leak , and hold in his poops better then the huggies supreme . However , the huggies seem to fit better and appear more comfortable . Overall , I reall like the diapers and recommend them highly . They just might run a little small .
 I buy these diapers primarily because they are made by a company that does n't test on animals . The fact that they are chlorine free and more environmentally friendly is an awesome bonus . The price is reasonable especially with amazon 's great free shipping . As a diaper they are very good quality and hold just as well as all the leading brands .
 I bought a case of these for my daughter who weighed 13 pounds at the time and was wearing a size 2 in Pampers . When they arrived I could barely get them around my daughters waist ! They are super soft and good for the environment but please note that they run small . I would suggest ordering a size up to be safe so you are not stuck with tons of diapers you ca n't use , like me !
 We were very happy with the Seventh Generation stages 1 and 2 , but after reading bad reviews about the new gel-version for stage 3 , decided to try Tushies and TenderCare -LRB- both in medium size -RRB- . Those were a complete disaster ! Apart from bad leaks and stiffness , both have sticky tags which glue to poor baby ' skin . We through both packs out and came back to Seventh Generation . The stage 3 was as great as stages 1 and 2 - soft , lightweight , breathable ! And we did not notice any difference about the gel , so far we did not have any problems with it.Having three different brands on hand , we compared their maximum absorbance
 After many nights of waking up every 2 hours to change my 2 month old 's wet clothes and sheets I am thrilled to report my sleep deprivation is greatly improved after using Seventh Generation Diapers ! These diapers are awesome ! They hold an enormous amount of fluid and do not leak during `` explosions '' . So now my son sleeps 4-5 hours straight at a time and wakes up dry and happy ... and my husband and I do too . Also , we tried EVERY other brand and NOTHING held in nighttime leaks , then we finally came upon Seventh Generation . They are worth every penny !!!!!
 Seventh Generation are best disposable diapers on the market . Chlorine-free , breathable , cloth-like material . The diapers do not leak , and there is no diaper rash . We used these diapers with our first child who is 3 years old and potty trained now , and we are also using them with the new baby . I started using cloth diapers for the baby during the day in the summer , and I like these best - the baby boy does not get overheated , cloth diapers are cheaper overtime and most earth-friendly . However , we still use seventh generation diapers at night for extra absorbancy.We liked the `` old '' design of 7th gen diapers considerably better . The `` new '' design should be ranked 3 stars when compared to the previous design . However , looking at what 's currently available on the market , 7th gen and cloth combo is the best option for us .
 I have used sizes 1-5 on my son . He is now nine months , and I started using the diapers the day he was born . I love them , and I only have problems with leaking when he outgrows the size . That 's how I know to buy the next size up . He is 22 pounds , but size 5 is what he wears now , so perhaps getting a size bigger is good advice . These diapers are also much softer and more clothlike than conventional brands . I could n't recommend these more !
 Seventh generation diapers are wonderful diapers . I recently started using them on my 5 month old due to concerns about all the extra chemicals/toxins in standard diapers . He was also ` blowing out ' of the standard Pampers . SG diapers are higher on the back end so they contain more . They are also super absorbant and my little guy has not had any diaper rashes since we started using them . I would say that the higher price is worth it . Amazon has the best deals b/c you can get 4 packs delivered right to your door w/out any shippping/handling .
 I had previously tried another brands `` lower impact '' disposable diapers when my son was first born . I was really disappointed with the construction and fit of the diapers so I was pretty gun-shy when it came to trying Seventh Generation 's . I really love these diapers . Yes , they 're brownish but who cares about that really ? The purpose of a diaper is to contain bodily waste . And these diapers do that better than the store bought disposable brand we were using . They 're also very soft to the touch . They have stretchy tabs just like conventional disposables and fit my son much better . His skin is very sensitive and these do n't irritate him at all . My only gripe is the price , but I have to be real - these are better for my son , a little friendlier to the environment and are saving me clothing changes and late night diaper changes due to blow outs and leaks . I will definately be recommending these as a slightly pricey but best option where disposables are involved .
 The diapers are very easy to handle and our son especially liked the good fit around the waist . And of course we are very happy to help nature with chlorine free diapers . Nevertheless there are two minus points on this product
 My son is 9 months old and we have been using Seventh Generation diapers and wipes for him since he was born - I recommend both . Be aware however that the diapers do run small so if in doubt definitely buy the next size up .
 We love the Seventh Generation diapers . When you get them on sale their price is pretty close to Huggies or other comparable brands . From our experience they are just as absorbent as other brands we have tried , but without the chlorine bleach . Better for the environment and for our little one 's respiratory systems.The one downside I have found with size 5 + is that the tabs used for closing the diaper frequently rip off . We 've only had it happen a few times but we have friends who have experienced it more . It 's hard to feel like you are doing good things for the environment when you have to throw away a perfectly good diaper.The good news is we have never seen it happen in the smaller sizes .
 With all the chemicals being put into the diapers these days , it 's nice to have something available that doe n't cause potential health risks to our little baby . I highly recommend these diapers .
 This is the best diapers I can imagine . They are really soft and comfortable for my baby . I borrowed other diapers on occasion and there is no comparison -- she would n't even wear them . Seventh Generation has excellent customer service and is a super company . I am looking into their other products as well as I 've become a fan .
 It took our 1 year old about a week to adjust to the new diaper . We switched from Pamper 's Swaddlers . She had a rash for the first few days , but then it went away . The 7th Gen diapers is not as form fitting as Pamper 's , but they absorb smell and waste just as well , if not better . We are fans of 7th Gen products , and the diapers cost about the same as Pamper 's ! A win win win for baby , Dad 's wallet , and good ole Mother Earth .
 We had previously used Pampers and find these work just as well . I hated the ` scenting ' that other brands used . Babies smell wonderful on there own ! If not , change the diaper . My son had a rash near his belly button that immediately cleared up when we started using 7th Generation .
 We 've used the Seventh Generation brand diapers for two years now and while we 've periodically used other brands -LRB- usually when we 're travelling and ca n't find Seventh Generation -RRB- , these are the best overall in terms of their absorption and ability to prevent leaks . And while they 'll still end up in landfills , they at least minimize environmental damage in the manufacturing process . Plus , now that we 're potty training , I 'm glad that there are n't cute characters on the diapers - my son looks forward to using his big boy underpants with cartoon characters and finds the diapers boring by comparison which is a good thing in terms of motivation for using the potty . Highly recommended .
 I love these diapers . When I first opened up a free sample of these diapers given to us at a childbirth education class , I gasped , knowing that I had bought a few cases of these diapers - these are unbleached diapers , which means that they 're not white - they 're a natural tan color . A friend also bought a package of these for me for use in a baby shower game , and when she opened the package , she gasped , too ! Once you get past the initial reaction to their appearance , you 'll likely love these diapers and wo n't switch to anything else . We used up the newborn pampers given to us by the hospital which I did n't like because they smelled like artifical fragrance , and we tried a store brand when we ran out of our Seventh Generation diapers , and they did n't work nearly as well . Seventh Generation 's diaper is roomy and holds quite a bit of pee/poop , so you rarely have to deal with a blowout - which is quite worth the slight additional cost . Besides , if you buy these on Amazon by the case , the cost is comparable to buying regular store brands , but you 're getting a better product ! Another great thing about these diapers is that they do n't have any sesame street or other commercial characters on them - I like to keep my kid away from as much of that subliminal marketing as I can , for as long as I can - and the natural tan color looks cute ! Aside from the scratchy tab problem addressed in other reviews and which Seventh Generation is working to fix , these are a near-perfect disposable diaper!Update
 We started using 7th Generation diapers when my now 16 month old son was 6 months old . He developed a nasty nasty diaper rash at 4 months old that took us over 2 months and $ 300 to clear up . After much trial and error it was determined he has a chlorine sensitivity . 7th Generation diapers are some of the few on the market that do not contain chlorine . `` Mainstream '' diapers such as Pampers , Huggies and Luvs all leave my son 's bottom flame red after just a few hours ' wear.The old style of the 7th Generation diapers were stiff and had no movement to them , thus causing night time leaks on several occasions . I thought it was just something I and my son were going to have to live with . Since switching to the new style , we 've only had one leak , and that was due to a diaper not being properly fastened . The new style seems just as absorbant to me . My son sleeps through the night so is in a diaper for up to 12 hours at night . We also have no problems during the day with leaks . I also like that the new style is stretchy like the `` mainstream '' diapers . Perhaps not every kid is as mobile as mine , but he needs a diaper that will stretch and move with him . The old style was uncomfortable for him and bunched up with his constant movement.The only reason why I did n't give this five stars is that I , too , notice some gel residue on my son , especially in the morning . Also , while we do n't have problems with the diaper coming unfastened , I do have to make sure before I redress my son that the diaper is fastened well . The hook and tab closure is not as strong as I would like .
 We wrapped our little babe in these from day one , and were not disappointed . We 're now up to Stage IV , and still 7th Generation fans.Not only can you feel good about supporting a progressive company , but the diapers work well ! They are comfortable on the baby , close up and reclose easy , and are very absorbent.I would wholeheartedly recommend that you give these a try .
 I love the improvements made to this product . The stretchy tabs that are repositionable are a great improvement . I also like that the outside of the diaper seems to be softer , and less scratchy . They are very absorbant , and I have yet to have one leak . My only negative comment would be concerning the placement of the tabs . Before I place the new diaper under my baby , I reposition the tabs , so that they are close to the edge . If you do n't do this , the tabs are under baby 's back , and difficult to reach when the diaper is placed under the baby . But that is my only concern with this otherwise great product !
 The `` absolute horror '' review from Stage 2 scared us for a while , but other positive reviews convinced us to at least try these diapers . When we first bought Stage 1 diapers , we did find the elastic tabs to be too hard . When our baby started to kick more , the tabs did start to be a problem . They scratched his tummy once.BUT now , Seventh Generation has fixed the problem . When we contacted customer service through their website , they were SOOOO nice to us ! They replaced our old ones with new ones ! This is the info they gave us : For stage 1 , any package with a lot number of 6157 or later , will have the new , softer , stickier tabs . For stage 2 , it would be 6170 . Those are the first 4 numbers of the lot # , meaning , made in 2006 , the 157th day . The lot # is located on the side seam of the package , or on the velcro part of the tab . It took Amazon a while to get the new ones , but the last time we ordered , they finally had the new ones.These diapers have no smell to them at all , and we do n't mind the beige color . They are very thick and absorbent . The tabs are AWESOME , now ! They stretch and are much softer , so they do n't scratch our baby . Also , he does n't get diaper rash with these diapers . When we switched to another brand for a bit -LRB- until they resolved the problem -RRB- , we were blown away by the `` baby powder `` scent of the other diapers and missed the Seventh Generation elastic tabs . The other brand also leaked more often and gave our baby diaper rash . We could n't wait to switch back to Seventh Generation.Soon , we will move on to Stage 3 . Thanks , Seventh Generation , on behalf of me , my wife , and our little one !
 I think that seventh generation diapers are as good as anything else that 's out there as far as absorbancy , fit , etc. , but better because they do not have that awful chemical smell and they are better for the environment . I agree with the others that have reviewed this product that said that they like the old ones better . I do think these ones fit a little better , but like they said , they leave a gel residue , which I really do n't like . I hope that seventh generation switches back to whatever they used to use that did n't leave the residue . I thought that those diapers worked just fine .
 My husband first picked up these diapers because he was interested in the environmental angle - the company does not use any chlorine in making the diapers.We noticed that we rarely ever had a problem with a leaky diaper the way that we did with the various national brands -LRB- huggies , pampers , etc. -RRB- that we had tried with our daughter . That sold us , and its been Seventh Generation ever since .
 although i had hopes to cloth diaper , i found that cloth was extremely bulky -LRB- to the point where i had a hard time putting LO 's clothes on ! -RRB- and as soon as my LO wet herself , she felt it immediatley and therefore would need to be changed immediately -- NOT good for naps/sleeping ! We found these to be the best alternative since they are environmentally friendlier than most disposables and less irritating to her delicate skin . LO is on th skinnyer side , and we have had only a handful of blow outs -- very rare . they are also very absorbant -LRB- she can go all night w/o having to be changed -RRB-
 We really like these diapers . They hold more than Huggies or Pampers and have fewer chemicals . Win-win situation !
 I work out of the home full-time and was not able to cloth diaper , like I had intended -LRB- and my reasons for wanting to do so were environmental -RRB- . We ended up starting off with another brand of diaper that we were actually very satisfied with , but often had trouble finding . When I learned about Amazon subscriptions , I thought it was the perfect time to switch to Seventh Generation and I am so happy we did . I love the look of these diapers - natural , clean ; when I put them on I see my baby , not some silly character -LRB- I hate that other diapers are trying to `` sell '' me something -RRB- . THey are soft , almost cloth like , and well , do n't have chlorine , which makes me feel at least a tad better about using disposables . The cost is slightly higher than the next leading brand , but I truly think that will be nothing in comparison to the price my children and grandchildren would have to pay if there were more waste in the world .
 These diapers are expensive than others but are worth it for two reasons - They are chlorine free - They are biodegradable and thus environment friendly.We have been using Seventh generation diapers for more than a year now . They are comfortable and rugged.We suggest parents to use cloth diapers as far as possible and use disposable ones as and when required . Boys mostly.You would not regret buying seventh generation diapers : -RRB-
 I love these diapers . The absorb a lot of water and I have n't had any problems with leaking . The trick is to make sure they are on tight , do n't leave them loose . These diapers are great for babies with diaper rash problems . My baby had problems with diaper rash and now that I use seventh generation it has gone away . I think she was sensitive to the chemicals in the other diapers . I highly recommend them to anyone , they are great .
 Great diapers BUT they did n't make it to 18lbs . My child was into stage 3 by 16lbs .
 Great diaper ! 7th Generation makes a great other option when trying to decide about diapers . No chlorine helps the environment and your baby 's sensitive skin . And the sides are tight with the inner and outer elastic - no problems with leaks . We 've been really happy . Amazon gives good prices too , especially with delivery discount .
 We love these diapers , they do n't reek of chlorine and they work much better than any other brand of diaper we 've used . I think these are a great choice and alternative to the nasty bleached diapers by the big brands .
 Great safe alternative & same price as Sam 's Club brands -LRB- pampers , etc. -RRB- when purchased on the subscription program .
 Our baby was stuggling with diaper rash , and we tried every big brand diaper we could find , along with all the creams imaginable -LRB- including perscription -RRB- . We found these diapers , and now she is diaper rash free !!!! We do n't even need any creams . And I do n't know what others are talking about in terms of the fit ; they fit just like Pampers , Luvs , etc. as far as I can tell . No leaks either .
 A friend of ours sent us these diapers as a gift - WHAT A GIFT ! Not only are they more eco-friendly , but we 'd been going through brand after brand to find a diaper that did n't leak . Ever since we switched to these diapers , we 've had ONE LEAK in the past couple of weeks , and that was more of a `` user-error '' than diaper error . On addition to being a great value price-wise , we 're also not flying through diapers like we had been . I definitely recommend these diapers .
 These are great , they were a much better fit for my baby than the several other brands i tried , besides the fact that they are chlorine free . Her diaper rash was reduced drastically and now i need to occasionally use a diaper rash creme in the night only . They do n't leak either !
 These are the best diapers ! We tried all the other chlorine-free brands of diapers after making the switch from cloth diapers for our daughter . The other brands were stiff & uncomfortable for our daughter , and blew up like a -LRB- soggy -RRB- balloon when she wore them overnight . We knew we had a winner when our daughter could sleep through the night comfortably ! In a pinch I 've tried huggies/pampers/luvs , but then our kid breaks out in a horrible rash & the perfume they use in those brands literally makes me gag when it gets mixed with baby pee ! My only gripe is that there 's no potty-training pants made by Seventh Generation - though I have found a pretty good chlorine-free fix for that at Whole Foods !
 This is the best diaper we 've ever tried . I recommended it to my sister & she loved it too . It 's very absorbent , not bulky , & best of all , it 's environmental friendly .
 I have been using these diapers for 8 months . I would never use anything else . They do n't leak . They are better for the enviornment and they do n't have silly cartoons on them .
 Love these diapers . We were committed to creating a balance between the convenience of disposable diapers and having diapers that were environmentally friendly and safe for our baby -LRB- chlorine and dye-free , etc -RRB- . We also tried Tushies and some other `` safer '' brands and found that these were the only ones that did n't leak and best prevented the `` up the back '' poop explosions ! Of course one needs to change the baby more frequently in these `` safer '' brands -LRB- than the ones with gels , e.g.
 Excellent diapers . I tried the rest and they ca n't compare . No leaks anymore , very sturdy , eliminated rashes . These are definitely worth the few extra dollars .
 Good diapers without all the `` cutsie '' characters found on major brands . We continue to come back to Seventh Generation after trying the major brands , because they work just as well ... if not better . And hey ... they 're better on the environment too !
 I looked over some of the earlier reviews and decided to pick up these diapers to relieve my daughter 's diaper rash . Low and behold , the rash subsided after using the Seventh Generation diapers for roughly two weeks . However , our baby tends to be a `` supersoaker '' and the diapers leaked , as was mentioned in other reviews . Our solution was to use the Seventh Generation diapers during the day when our daughter is up and about and the major brand diapers during the night for the extra absorbancy . This seems to allow us to keep the rash at bay while avoiding leaky diapers at night . Overall , a great purchase .
 A truly excellent double stroller - assembled very easily , steers perfectly , and does n't feel cumbersome . Yes , it takes up a lot of room in the back of the mini-van , but what double stroller would n't ? Has tons of room underneath , and convenient cup holder and extra compartment on the handle for parents . We were able to test drive a few others before we bought - some of them were so difficult to steer you had to lean your full weight into it - not convenient for tight corners in stores , etc. . . This stroller turns on a dime , very smooth . Only one complaint - the harness system is n't all that - kind of a strange configuration at the buckle , and my 2 and a half year old can manipulate the buckle on his own , making it unsafe if he can climb out . But still , I would highly recommend this stroller .
 My son slept in this bassinet until 4 month -LRB- until he moved into his own room . -RRB- Pros -- Light-weight , yet sturdy . This bassinet appealed to us b/c of the sturdy-looking design . It needed to withstand the strong tail of our black lab , which it did perfectly . it also moved easily across our hardwood floors.Cons -- i was not satisfied with the `` mattress '' that came with it . Too flimsy - and the sheet was ill-fitting . Went to Babies r Us and procured a bassinet mattress -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- . It fit perfectly and worked much better .
 I do n't have room in my bedroom for a crib and looked at all the bassinets I could find and they seemed like junk that actually would fall apart . This crib has a natural wool pad which fits the bassinet perfectly and the wood is beautiful and so far has not scratched at all . Because I had done the research and went to magic beans store to see the bassinet first , I knew what it would look like and that it was the bassinet for my family . I am not sure about it sliding across the floor as I also have hardwood floors and it has not moved unless pushed with a good bit of weight . In addition it is the most stable bassinet that I seen , it does not shake or wobble . The sheet can not be washed but I think it is because it is not preshrunk which is slightly disappointing but I really wanted a natural organic experience for the first few months of my babies life . In addition you get the 100 % cotton sheet which is super soft . I would recommend that you go to a store to see if you like before you purchase this item as this item is a bit pricey for a bassinet . In addition having done the research beforehand I knew that you had to buy specialized sheets but that seems to be standard for bassinets .
 We 've used this bassinet with two children , and I am so sad to have to pack it away now that my youngest is too big for it ! It 's beautiful , and works well . Unlike another reviewer here , I found it perfectly steady , strong , the wood has n't scratched up at all -LRB- and we have a cat ! -RRB- , it neither scratches my wood floors nor slides across them . I 've washed and put the sheet and all the other fabrics through the dryer -LRB- on high , no less -RRB- many times and they 're all good as new . The bed moves just a little if you push against it , which is soothing to a restless baby.We have the veil and arm as well , which I love , and the bassinet changer that you can hang over the bed . I did n't end up using the latter as I hated having to hook it on and off and preferred using our regular changing table .
 A Great Pillow for Kids . My two girls enjoyed these for thier long summer trip . Good quality and very soft . The only thing I wish it had was a strap so it would n't slip down if they moved thier head .
 I 'm only giving 4 stars , because the actual product did not looked like the pictures at all . It works , or at least if is properly placed .
 i purchase this for my niece & their parents like it very much while her father is driving she was in save as she sleeps & she use it as a toy
 I 've tried many different travel pillows for my 2 1/2 year old , and this has been the best . He loved it , and even asked for it when he got sleepy during our long car ride . His head still slumped a bit , but I think that is also a result of him sitting so upright in his carseat . It was very soft and firm . Perfect for a toddler 's head !!!
 My baby 's nursery is done in a mix of the Old Gang Mickey and Star Struck Mickey . This goes pefect ! Would recommend this !
 I used this in the last months of pregnancies and I love it ! The only problem is that the parts that you use -LRB- between the legs , under your head -RRB- gets a little soft overtime , like any normal pillow . Also , when you want to turn to the other side in the middle of the night , you have to basically get up and flip yourself and the entire pillow over which is a pain since you 're so huge ... . Overall , I still recommend it for a preggy lady . . or not !
 It makes dealing with the awkwardness of a growing belly much easier . It allows me to find a comfortable position in order to lay down and sleep . It 's much easier to use than struggling with multiple pillows .
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 I 've owned this crib for over 2 years , and it 's been great . It 's solid and very sturdy and looks good . It is a true dark cherry color , no pink tint to it ; I 'd say it 's nearly espresso . On the note of it 's staining , like so many dark colored ones it does show marks . -LRB- I have a totally different crib that 's a honey oak color and it 's AWESOME in hiding any marks/chips . -RRB- That said , I ca n't say that any of it has been from chipping but rather paint -LRB- white -RRB- from scraping against doorframes and walls during moves -LRB- hubby 's USMC . -RRB- It really is a LARGE crib , and you 'll want to put it together in the room it 's going to be placed in . For one of the moves we ended up having to take it apart , and once back together it was still just as strong as ever . 5 months ago we converted it to a toddler crib , and it 's been great . My girl jumps a lot on it , and I even sit on it , and a couple of time while playing around I curl up and lay in it . Granted I 'm not overweight , I 'm really impressed with all it takes .
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 awesome pillow , i 'd wish i would have bought it a LONG time ago before i was pregnant . this pillow helps me not only to sleep , but to stay sleep
 My wife loves this pillow she I 'd pregnant and this helps her find a comfortable position to sleep in . Good product
 I loved this body pillow . It is shaped like an S and supports you in all the right places . Toward the end when you are miserable and ca n't get comfy , this is a life saver . I have 2 ruptured disks in my back , so in addition to the regular daily pain of the disks , I had extra strain from the baby . Some days I could barely walk . This pillow helped tremendously . It is kind of big , so it takes up some room in the bed , but the shape supports your belly so well . I loved it . My husband kept commenting that I was taking up the whole bed , but he was exaggerating . We have a California king bed . I 'm 5 ' 3 '' and small framed . He is 6 ' 7 '' . There was plenty of room , I think he was just jealous of my pillow because I cuddled to it every night instead of him , lol ! Absolutely , without a doubt , one of the best pregnancy items I purchased .
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 We debated a lot about getting this bag because we thought it a tad pricey for a modified backpack . After reading a lot of reviews , we decided to get it in Hawaiian Blue and have not regretted our choice . The various pockets and pouches are well organized to the point where you can fit a ton in the bag without it feeling ` stuffed . ' It is also easy to find the stuff once you get it all in unlike many other bags that just have a couple huge pockets . The diapers and wipes are expcetionally easy to get to as well which is always the struggle in most diaper bags.The only negative we found - and it is not a huge one - is that the wipe container can be a bit tough to remove and put back in . Once in place the wipes will not come loose and there is no difficulty getting wipes out of it once you have put the wipe container back . Basically , the plastic hinged lid requires fairly precise placement to attach to the actual wipe container so it can be a little trying until you get the hang of it . I can not think of a better way to have the wipes easily refillable and accessible once in the bag so this is more of a ` be aware ' note than a real negative.We are already talking about how handy this bag will be after our little one no longer needs a diaper bag . You can easily repurpose the bag and the various compartments definitely will be handy for hiking , day trips , etc. . If you are tired of having a diaper bag that is constantly falling off your shoulder as you try to chase your running toddler or just want something a little more functional than other bags this is a great choice .
 This is a fabulous bag . I love the different compartments , as it allows me to keep things organized . I also love the way it can clip on to any stroller for ease , as well as the wipes pocket on the outside . This is a great bag !
 We purchased this bag for our Disney trip , and it worked great ! With 3 small children -LRB- 11 month old twins and a 2 yr old -RRB- I will not go back to using my regular diaper bag . I loved the bottle pockets on each side and the easy access to the wipes and diapers . The backpack was easy to carry , though we also hung it on our stroller quite a bit . Plenty of pockets for storage , and a large main compartment with zippers that go all the way down the sides for easy access . We were able to pack an entire day 's worth of formula , bottles , diapers , wipes , snacks , clothes and toys in the bag for the drive to and from Disney . I would absolutely recommend this bag to parents of multiple children .
 I have used this bag now for about 5 months , and both me and my wife love it . We can keep all of our baby girls stuff and ours in the bag and still have both hands free , this is nice becuase it allows us to hold her with both hands as she trys to see everything around her .
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 ITEM CAME JUST AS PICTURED , FAST SHIPPING AND GREAT QUALITY ! LOOKS GREAT ON MY DAUGHTER 'S DOOR ... WOULD HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE LOOKING TO FIND A GREAT QUALITY LETTERS FOR A GREAT PRICE !
 I bought this basket for my granddaughter . My daughter lives in a two story house and I felt she needed something to lay my granddaughter in while downstairs . She has been very pleased with this product . In addition , when she comes to my house she can bring the basket with her . I have seen this same product for sale at twice the price , so I feel like I received double the product for 1/4 the price!The seller had my basket delivered in a very timely manner , which is one thing that I truly appreciated . I am a last minute shopper .
 I read about this sun shade in the Baby Bargains book . It got great reviews from the book and they highly recommended it . I have a Valco stroller , which is Australian made , just as the Pepeny is , which is another reason why I chose this one over the Kiddopotamus RayShade . The Kiddopotamus product is about half the price and I have a friend who owns one . The Pepeny seems like -LRB- in comparison -RRB- that it is much better made and attaches to the stroller in a tighter fashion than it 's competition . While attached to the stroller , the sun shade provided just the right amount of additional shade to cover my son 's body with just a small portion of his feet still exposed . The Valco stroller already has a large hood/canopy , so this says a lot ! I am very pleased with the Pepeny Sun Shade . I purchased two , so I have one for each of my strollers and I do n't have to worry about interchanging them .
 hands free holding the baby while chasing a 2 year old around the park ? love it . very comfortable . it seems more complicated than it really is -- easy to wear .
 The only reason I gave this product 4 stars is because I had to return it !! It was exactly what I was looking for but , unfortunately , I did not check the size of my light switch plate b4 buying . The product I bought is for a single light switch plate and I have a double !! Product is soo cute , wish I could have kept it !!
 Yes , it 's more expensive than grocery store brands . But this is the best rash cream out there . My daughter 's very sensitve skin is calmed overnight with this product . A little goes a very long way . I now use their bath and skin products exclusively .
 We have used this on my 2 year old daughter since birth and it is great . She has n't had a rash unless it 's due to being sick and having diarhea . I recommed it to everyone , at least give it a try , you 'll like it ... I use a lil ' bit on every diaper change .
 I bought this for a vacation where we were flying and could not take our regular boppy due to space constraints and LOVED it . It inflates -LRB- and deflates -RRB- very easily , like a pool toy - there is a pump provided , but its not necessary - and can be as firm as you like . I was able to use it on the airplane and all during the vacation , which was a treat instead of having to prop up my baby on miscellaneous pillows . Also , we found a GREAT unintended use for the easily detachable back pillow . Our 6 month old is a bit small and young to sit in those wooden restaurant high chairs without support and the back pillow was the absolutely perfect size to put behind the baby so that he could sit upright in the chair .
 This is the best nursing pillow I have used ! Better than the Boppy . This is definately a must have for all nursing mothers .
 This is the best stroller I 've ever seen . We almost bought a City Mini and a Phil and Teds and am glad we picked this one instead . It has more storage , has better features , comes with more accessories and costs a bit less . My next thing to get is the BOB drink holder for the top -LRB- which fits perfectly -RRB- My favorite things about it is : * the amount of storage and the removeable bag on the back , * the INCLUDED rain cover -LRB- custom fit - love it ! -RRB- , * the zipper on the back of the bottom basket so you can remove items from the bag without digging through it , * the handlebars -- unlimited adjustments * the reflective accents around the stroller -- great touch ! * extra parts it came with -- tools and extra snaps `` just in case '' ! * the brake -- much easier to step on than others I 've seen * the zipper used to zip in an insect/sunshade -LRB- forget those ugly `` fits all strollers '' ones -RRB- ... available for about $ 20You wo n't be disappointed ... and may be the only one that owns one ! I 've never seen one in person , but that must be because most people do n't know how fantastic they are : -RRB-
 We tried Avent , Platex and Dr. Browns . These are the best bottles by far!PROs : * The nipples are the only kind my daughter would use . We bought all of the nipples we could find once I was starting to wean off of nursing and she would n't take any of them until we found these . They are more pliable and have a flat shape . Perfect . * They are super easy to clean because they come apart entirely . * They reduce the amount of air your child gets in her tummy because she does n't have to unlatch during feeding at all.CONs : * The lids are a little hard to get off if you hands are wet . * Make sure you screw the bottom on tight or it can leak -LRB- we have only had this problem one time - once you realize what you have done wrong , you wo n't do it again -RRB- * They are a little bottom heavy . It took a while for my daughter to learn how to hold the bottle by herself because the bottoms are heavier than other bottles.I have used these bottles for all three of my kids and I have not had to replace one part . I would not use another bottle , ever.Good luck !
 This is by far one of the best baby products I have invested in.PROS1 -RRB- MAM nipple technology simulates human breast physiology so that the baby has to suckle to get the milk out of the nipple as opposed to the baby getting drowned in milk with other kinds of nipples . There are 3 sizes of nipples to choose from depending on your baby 's age .2 -RRB- MAM also reduces the amount of gas the baby swallows with feeds . My daughter lets us sleep at night .3 -RRB- The whole bottle comes apart into 6 pieces which makes it very easy to clean . A word of caution
 I like these bottles all the way around . We occasionally have leaking problems but that 's only when we do n't have them screwed together well . My 3 1/2 month old daughter made the switch easily from her Dr. Brown 's bottles -LRB- which contain bpa -RRB- . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because I had to buy the bottles with the stage 2 nipples even though my daughter needs the stage 1 nipples . So I had to buy those separately . I know I 'll probably eventually need the stage 2 when she gets older but I would have rather bought those when I needed them later instead of the other way around .
 Like anything these bottles have pros and cons but in my opinion the pros outweigh the cons.Pros : The plastic used is BPA free.These bottles are wonderful for going between breast and bottle . I had to supplement my babies feeding from she was 3 days old and I was able to go between breast and bottle with no problems at all.My baby has had no gas with these bottles at all.The bottles come completely apart so you can make sure they are really clean -LRB- also a con - see below -RRB- Cons : The bottles have to be completely taken apart to clean . I makes sure they are really clean but it 's kind of a pain.The bottles have to be put back together perfectly aligned or they will leak . This is hard when you are trying to put the top with one hand while holding your baby . If you pre make bottles this is n't an issue .
 After the scare of Bisphenol A -LRB- BPA -RRB- and polycarbonate in the plastics of the clear , hard plastic baby bottles , I panicked to search for a bottle with an orthodontic nipple like the Nuk bottles I was using -LRB- after trying 6 different brands to find one my baby could use without leaking from the corners of her mouth ! -RRB- . These BPA-free bottles are safe to use with warm liquids -LRB- no chemicals leaching from the bottle -RRB- , and they are easy to clean with the screw-off bottoms . The orthodontic nipples are great , and my 6-month old has taken to them like they were made for her !! Find out what plastic YOUR baby 's bottle is made of . These are the perfect replacement !!
 We switched to these bottles after baby # 2 and BPA issues . We had previously used Avent and Dr. Browns.pro 's : wider nipple I think would be good for nipple confusion issues -LRB- but we bought after I had finished breast feeding , so I am not sure -RRB- easy to clean -LRB- compared to Dr. Browns - these are a dream -RRB- little to no leaking it you put it together well and screw it on tightlyno gas to hurt the tummyno leaking when you mix formula in the bottle and it holds 9 ounces , so mixing in the bottle in easy -LRB- ca n't do this with Dr Browns -RRB- I ca n't think of any negatives . After using two other popular brands , we love these bottles !
 I really did n't think the type of bottle you used made a differance so I used almost every type there was with my daughter . Then a friend of mine told me about polycarbonate plastic that 90 % of baby bottles are made from . If that was n't bad enough ALL bottles made from polycarbonate plastic contain a cemical called Biphinal A or BPA for short . It is an estrogen like cemical that can cause hyperactivity attention defficit early pruperty and respatory problems in children and adults . I am happy to report that not only are sassy bottles made of polypropolene plastic containing No BPA but these bottles worked the best with my daughter she absolutely loves them and I will never use a different bottle EVER again .
 We bought these when we decided to go BPA-Free . I love how simple they are to use -LRB- much easier to clean then my Dr. Brown 's -RRB- . But be sure to put the bottom on correctly ! The only reason they got 4 and not 5 stars was because they failed to tell me the bottles came with a stage 2 nipple-the description said stage 1-so I bought 6 new nipples and ended up not needing them and not being able to return them . Money not well spent . Overall I love the bottles , the colors and the ease in which my daughter can hold them !
 I researched quite a while to find a BPA-free bottle that was not glass & had a nipple that would be a good transition for my breastfed baby -LRB- it has different stage nipples -RRB- . This was the best I found . The only thing I do n't like about it is the vent system - that is , if you do n't put the bottom ring in there just right , it may leak . That , of course , also makes cleaning a bit of a pain , compared to non-vented bottles . But , if it helps with gas or colic , it 's worth it . I like that they come in the cute colors , as a sidenote . I did go to a different website to find free shipping on the stage 1 nipples though - shipping cost more than the product ! Note that these bottles come with stage 2 . You can use other brand 's nipples , too , if you like the bottles but baby does n't like the nipples .
 These are the best bottles ever . I breast fed my daughter , but needed bottles for pumped milk . We never had a problem with nipple confusion , gas , or anything . At first I did n't like the way there are so many parts to these bottles , but after using Dr Brown 's in a pinch , I loved them again . Every part of these bottles is easily accessible to clean ; with Dr Brown 's , you have to use the special little brush -LRB- which I am constantly losing -RRB- . I also feel like they get clean in the dishwasher , which is n't always the case with the others . Lastly , they do n't leak . I hate the way you have to use the sealing disk with the Dr Brown 's if you throw them in your diaper bag ... and they still might leak . The only time one of these has leaked in my bag was when I did n't have the nipple pulled all the way through . Overall , I think these are great bottles . I only wish they were more readily available ; I 've never found them anywhere but online .
 These bottles are great ! I used to use the Avent bottles , but after this whole BPA scare I decided to put them aside and try different bottles just to be on the safe side . I purchased these along with a couple others just to see what my daughter would like the best . She was really used to , and seemed to like , the wide Avent nipples so I wanted to see if I could n't get something similar to make the transition to different bottles easier . After about a month worth of use , these are definitely her favorites ! The nipple is wider , like the Avent , and soft , and she seems to really like the shape of the nipple . And now that I have weaned her to formula the wide mouth of the bottle makes it easy for me to mix the powder formula in the bottle . Some of the other glass bottles I have tried have a narrower mouth and when making a bottle in a rush to feed a crying baby the narrow mouth makes for a mess with powder everywhere . I also like the vented bottom . I strongly believe that this has cut down on my daughter 's gassiness . She does n't seem as burpy after eating from one of these bottles as she does after eating from one of the glass ones that do n't have the vented bottom . These bottles are also easy to clean . They come apart easily and all parts can be put in the dishwasher . Overall I strongly recommend this bottle to any mother ! Wonderful !!!
 we switched to these bottles after reading about all the bpa studies . my two month old was n't sure about them at first . i think switching between nursing and her other bottles and then adding these was a bit confusing for her . when she does take them she does like them . i have two complaints ... choice of nipple flow and no one ounce measurement . i chose these vs. the 5 oz bottles b/c they came with the stage 2 nipple which she was taking with her other bottles . however , stage 2 with these nipples is much faster a flow then our other bottles -LRB- which are avent -RRB- . we love the avent bottles , but unfortunately they are n't totally bpa free . the measurement thing comes in handy when she just needs a little more , i wish there was a one ounce measurement marker . overall a great bottle , just wish you could choose the nipple and wish they were more readily available in stores .
 This is the first and only bottle my breastfed daughter takes ! The bottles are very cute and works really well . The only problem we have had with them is making sure the rubber stopper in the bottom is in correct so the breastmilk does n't leak out . Other than that they are a lifesaver ! I recommend them to all nursing mothers . They are the best .
 Pros
 This is the only bottle that my daugther will take . I tried 5-6 different brands , different nipples , etc. , and this is golden . I introduced the bottle to my daughter right at the limit of what 's considered ` best time ' , i.e. , at 6 weeks . She took the bottle once , hesitantly , and the second time and thereafter simply refused it . I think she was afraid of it , and also did not know what to do with it.So I breastfed her all the time , until a few weeks ago , when I went to a store to see if there was one that might work . -LRB- My baby was then 4 1/2 months old -RRB- . This botttle was recommended to me because the nipple on the bottle is flat , and easier to grasp by the baby . Also , the bottle has a venting system that allows air to enter the bottle when the baby sucks the milk . It works ! I hear a short whooshing sound every time she suckles.I had my husband try to give her the bottle . We tried the second feeding in the morning -LRB- the first is around 4 or 6 am for me , second around 9-10am -RRB- . This is the time when my baby is in her best mood , and not entirely starving . So for probably 10-12 times she took is hesitantly , but got bored and fussy in about 2-3 minutes . Then slowly , she was more serious about it , and increased the time she kept the bottle in her mouth , and started to suck more vigurously . She initially started w / half an ounce , and today -LRB- 3 wks later -RRB- she drank 5 1/2 ounces ! Victory ! AND she took the bottle from me , too , which is definitely a first.There are a few tricks in my view :1 -RRB- try different bottles and nipples -LRB- MAM works for me , but I heard great things about Dr Brown , too -RRB- .2 -RRB- Make sure you err on the side of having smaller sized nipples , instead of larger ones . Babies who are not used to the bottle tend to suck very vigorously , as they are used to work hard to express milk from the breast . When at a bottle , they try to do the same thing . Trouble is , it 's easier to drink out of the bottle , so as a result they gag , and then this triggers a negative feeling about the bottle . So SMALL nipples are better . -LRB- MAM 's come in 0-6 months , which is what we use now -RRB- .3 -RRB- Experiment different times of the feeding - morning , afternoon , etc. , after a walk , after waking up from a nap , in the dark , in the daylight , etc. 4 -RRB- Experiment w / different levels of hunger - sometimes if baby is starving , she 'll take the bottle . Other times , she gets mad , bc she ca n't figure out why you 're shoving a plastic toy in her mounth , when all she wants is a breast ! 4 -RRB- Experiment w / different positions - mimick the breastfeeding position , or place the baby in a bouncer -LRB- this works for us the best , so far -RRB- 5 -RRB- Have different people give the baby the bottle . My husband and 2 of my sitters have done it successfully , and now me .6 -RRB- If baby does not take the bottle initially , wait for a week , or 2 , or 2 months ! and then reintroduce it again . Babies enter in different developmental stages - mine got interested in mouthing anything within her reach , and then eventually ` got it ' .7 -RRB- Learn about the way babies feed . They use different muscles and different suction power when they drink at the breast and at the bottle ... And of course the older they get , the stronger they get ! 8 -RRB- Express milk at a time when your baby is less likely to nurse . For me , this is usually right before I go to bed -LRB- around 11-12pm -RRB- .9 -RRB- Be patient , and do n't dispair ! She will eventually take the bottle.TWO more important things :1 -RRB- DO YOUR BEST to breastfeed your baby exclusively until 6 months , and then in combination w / other solids at least until 1 year of age -LRB- I hope to do so until 2-3 years -RRB- . Make any sacrifice you can right now , because it will be SO worth it . Your baby will get sick less often and will be more successful academically . Seriously , it 's probably worth thousands of $ later down the road , bc your baby will be smarter and will get more financial aid . Maybe you think this is a stretch , but research has proven that most breastfed babies do better in many areas than formula-fed babies .2 -RRB- Use BPA-free bottles ! This is serious . You do n't want your baby to ingest plastic . It never leaves their body . Scary stuff . So check the labels -- > there are many bottles that are not BPA-free that are still sold in stores . some of the other ones around.Good luck !
 After trying many other bottles -LRB- Avent , Soothie , Breast Flow , Adiri , Dr Browns , etc. -RRB- , these were the only ones my 4-month old son would take . I think it helps that the nipples are wider and flatter than others . For those that compain about leaking , make sure the plastic `` vent '' piece and base are totally dry when assembling . I know this was a problem with the Adiri bottle which has the same set-up . I strongly recommend these - I was going back to work and DESPERATE for the baby to take a bottle !
 My baby was having a hard time transitioning to bottle , this was the only one that worked after trying many . Plus they are anti-colic which was a real plus as well as BPA free . Downside ... they can be leaky at times . I ca n't figure out what causes them to all of a sudden leak , but on occasion they do .
 These are the only bottles my daughter took to . She loves them , and never has any major gas issues . My only drawback is that they do leak out of the bottom sometimes , but you just have to make sure the bottom plastic seal thing is in there good .
 Those who say these leak , I 'm sorry , you 're not securing them right . I 've had them leak only when I did n't secure them right . Most of the time they do not leak . I test them with water and let them sit on the counter a minute before filling with milk . I LOVE that they have removable bottoms because it makes for easier cleaning . The design means less air bubbles/colic . I bought them as a switch from Playtex Ventaire -LRB- similar construction -RRB- when it was announced the dangers of BPA . These are BPA free . We love these and are all that we use .
 I like these bottles so much I 'm ordering more of them . Easy to clean , easy to assemble , and no leaking .
 Bought them because all the reviews saying it would reduce colic . They sure do . My only problem is that it has so many pieces = a lot to wash . Funny thing - A few times , when I am half asleep I would forget to put the flange on the bottom , then try to fill the bottle . Oh what a mess .
 my baby love it . there are no other nipple like them !!! and it is BPA free.I use 5oz bottle and 8oz bottles .
 I breastfed my baby exclusively until she was about five weeks old . Then I wanted to introduce a bottle so that I could pump and continue to provide breastmilk when I return to work . My baby had no trouble latching on and drinking from her 5oz Mam . The flow was a bit faster than the breast and she sputtered a little at first , but quickly got the hang of it . She now breastfeeds and takes a bottle a couple times a week without difficulty . I have had no trouble with the bottles leaking and find them to be quick and easy to assemble . I love that they are BPA free and the shape and colors are fun and cheery . Overall I am very satisfied and am going to order the 9oz soon .
 With the new plastic scare in baby bottles , these bottles are the best . They are BPA free , come in very cute colors , they are easy to wash and very affordable compared to other BPA bottles available . But make sure to order extra nipples when ordering these bottles because the nipples can be difficult to find .
 I love these bottles . After hearing about the BPA scare , I starting looking for BPA free bottles . I found these on Amazon and I was skeptical about them at first because of the screw on bottom . I thought that they would leak . But I have n't had any problems with the bottles and my daughter loves the nipples . I would definitely purchase this product again .
 My daughter is two months old and I have been both breast and bottle feeding her since day one . I have tried every kind of bottle i could get my hands on and I could not get her to conform to any of them . I came across these bottles and thought they looked ugly and bulky . These are the only bottles she 'll tolerate and I love them . They will leak if not tightened but it 's not a problem after you get the hang of it . I would definately recommend them .
 I used the playtex ventair bottles until I read about BPA so these were very similar with the venting . I would not use anything else . The only bad thing is making sure you have the bottom put together correctly or it will leak . You get the hang of it very quick . I also like that there are no grooves inside the bottle that formula can get stuck in & be very hard to clean .
 I bought these specifically after the BPA scare and not wanting to pay so much for the born free bottles . Overall I think these are good . When I put them in the bottle warmer they do seem to take longer than the other bottles to heat up , perhaps because they are thicker and wider at the bottom . I do n't have problems with dripping but always make sure the bottom is screwed on correctly otherwise I can see the potential for dripping . Cleaning is not too difficult .
 I orginally got this product after some concerns that the Playtex drop-in bottles/liners that I had were not BPA free . I did some research and found that these Mam bottles were BPA free and fairly inexpensive in comparison with other brands -LRB- such as Born Free -RRB- . My husband and I love them ! They have dramatically reduced the amount of gas that our daughter has had . This has lead to a happier baby with less crying and waking up at night with gas , which has made us much happier too . I also am still supplimenting with breastmilk and found that our daughter now seems better able to get milk out and not get upset that it is not flowing as fast as her other bottles used to . The bottle insert said that the shape and design of the nipples used were more similar to the mouth movements needed when breastfeeding than traditional nipples . We intend to use these right from the start with any future children . The only problems we have had were that if you do not assemble all the pieces correctly the bottle will leak and we had to buy more slow flow nipples to use with the large sized bottles as the faster flow was too fast for now . Also , I could not find the insert on how to correctly assemble the bottles in the larger sized bottles , but it came in smaller ones . We would definately reccomend this product !
 We switched from Dr. Brown 's to these bottles when my daughter was about 5 months . It 's been a very smooth transition . She 's taking the bottles without any problems . We have n't had any leak issues with the bottles . Also , if you 're used to cleaning the Dr. Brown 's bottles , these actually take less time to clean . We 're really pleased and have completely switched over to these . The only thing is that you ca n't really mix the formula in the bottle unlike the Dr. Brown 's .
 I do not write a ton of reviews , only for products I really like , and this is one of them . We purchased this bag prior to travelling with our Peg Perego Si stroller to Chicago . I was worried about the stroller fitting in the bag because the dimensions of the stroller per their own website was an inch taller than the published size of the bag . However , the Si fit perfectly ! The padding protected the wheels , and while the straps are not the best I have ever seen , they worked well for our light-weight stroller . We checked the stroller and while I have had luggage ripped and treated very badly at O'hare , this held up like a champ . I anticipate many more future uses of this product .
 We bought this after several discussions about traveling on an airplane with our Chicco Liteway Stroller ; we did n't need it through the airport , but would at our final destination . Orginally , I bought the red `` GATE CHECKED '' version , but read reviews that it had n't stood up while en route . I read all the reviews for this bag and finally decided to just bite the bullet . It 's true that the Chicco Liteway is just slightly too tall for the bag ; it only means that the sides are not perfectly flat . The bag is huge compared to the stroller in width , giving us plenty of room to stuff toys and extra diapers around it . We noticed that only one end of the bag is padded , and were n't concerned at all . The bag and stroller arrived at our destination and again back at home without any damage or problems . This was a great investment for our treasured stroller !
 Hi , We have a Maclaren buggy stroller and this bag works very well with it . Previously I got one of the ` red ' bags also from JL Childress and that thing shredded on the first trip . This one is holding up much , much better . I 'm still reluctant to check it with the other baggage considering their ability to destroy just about anything . However , checking it at the gate on the other hand works great . Below are some notes that may be of interest.Positives - The material is much heavier than the less expensive red model . This fabric is significantly thicker/stronger than the * very thin * nylon on the cheaper bag . The rad bag offers zero protection . About all it does is keep the stroller from getting dirty . - It 's padded . The padding is think but something is still better than nothing - The should strap is comfortable -LRB- relatively -RRB- and works well . Carrying it with the rest of your luggage is manageable thanks to the strap . - It 's rather large . I think we could almost fit two strollers in the bag . This let 's you put a few more things in the bag or wrap it for additional protection.Negatives - It 's not Kevlar armor . The baggage handlers can still destroy the contents if/when they are careless enough . - It 's rather large -LRB- I know I said that was a positive too -RRB- . If you do n't have anything else to put in the bag the extra bulk has no value.It 's a good , reasonably priced option for getting your stroller from one destination to another .
 We put the umbrella stroller into this bag and checked it - the stroller survived under the plane without a scratch . You can also load the bag up with toys/blankets/diapers / other bulky kid things that take up suitcase space ; if you 're flying from winter to a warm location you can also stuff in everyone 's coats . Pair this with the GoGo Kidz Travelmate and you can go anywhere with maximum toddler-conveyance flexibility and minimal hassle .
 I have a Maclaren Quest Sport Stroller and did n't want to pay the high price for the Maclaren stroller bag . I bought this one instead and it fits perfectly . The material is strong and the padding protects the stroller nicely during travel .
 I was traveling with my son from Idaho to London , and so had 3 flights each way , with the various layover times i knew i needed to have a stroller for my son who was 10mths . I had read many reviews over the gate check bags for strollers and thought this seemed the best . Please note the following
 My stroller arrived safe and sound and I was able to put a few extras in with it . What more can u want ?
 This holds our Maclaren Techno XT without issue . There is extra room in the bag should you need it . It also holds my Graco Pack n Play just fine . We travel a lot so when we bring the Pack n Play we also bring an extra mattress , pads and , sheets for it . All fit without issue . We 've had the bag for over two years and it has held up pretty well - no rips or loose seams . The shoulder strap did break on our last trip , but this was with the Pack n Play and other stuff in it , so I 'm sure it exceeded the weight limit . There are handles so it 's not a big deal .
 I was a little hesitant to get this product due to reviews saying that the Chicco Liteway Stroller does not fit . I was pleased to find , upon opening the product , that it actually DOES fit -LRB- I will add customer pictures to the product to prove it -RRB- . You have to work the top up and over the wheels , but it does fit . I am glad , I really did n't want to have to go with a more expensive product -LRB- or one that was just a nylon bag -RRB- . It feels sturdy and well-made , and I am confident that it will serve it 's purpose beautifully.EDITED 11/13/2012
 I recently bought a McLaren Volo Dylan 's Candy umbrella stroller for my grand daughter , Sophie -LRB- 2-1/2 -RRB- who travels with her mom quite a bit , and we 'd like to protect the stroller as much as we can so it will last longer.I looked at various stroller travel bags and found that the JL Childress umbrella stroller travel bag is the best one . The stroller fits inside the padded travel bag nicely with some room left so you can store other items i.e. toys , rain shield etc. . It 's light , has a handle and fold neatly into square so you can store inside a bag pack until you have to pull out at the jet bridge for the stroller . The best part is the price , under $ 30 for something so well made . Any parents with nice expensive umbrella strollers who travel a lot with their todders should get one to protect your stroller from wear and tear , worth the purchase !
 We bought this stroller bag to protect our Maclaren Quest stroller . It was quite roomy and protected our stroller from getting damaged on the plane to and from our destination . I used a tip from another reviewer and bought some bright duck tape to label the bag `` Gate Check '' -- excellent tip !
 I was looking for a bag that fit my Joovy 2 pack and play and called JL Childress and they confirmed this bag would fit perfectly . I ordered it from Amazon at a great price and it fits great with some extra packing room . This is a great , great value and I highly recommend for a stroller or pack & play .
 Purchased this bag for a recent trip to the grandparents . This bag is durable ! No tears , rips , discoloration or marks whatsoever , and I know the gate checkers are n't treating it with kiddie gloves . Granted , this is based on 1 round trip flight , but a very promising start.Reason for 4 stars instead of 5
 We recently got this for our Combi Cosmo stroller ... it fit perfectly ! You do have to lock the wheels to make sure it collapses as tightly as possible . Our stroller was completely unharmed while traveling . We also had multiple comments from the pilots and other airline staff ... I guess most people do n't use a travel bag , and then complain because their strollers are damaged . This bag is definitely work the money ! We are extremely pleased with our purchase !
 We had this bag for a few years before it finally got destroyed with all our flights . The only problem I have with this bag is that when I check the stroller plane side in this bag it almost never shows up when we get off the plane . We have had to go without our stroller for several days before because they sent the bag to baggage claim when we had a connecting flight , we had no stroller to make our connection and no stroller for a few days when we got to our destination . I even tried writing `` STROLLER '' on all the sides in silver magic marker really wide and still it was mistaken for golf clubs . As happy as I was with this bag I opted for a bright red bag when it came time to replace this one .
 My daughter was flying to Virginia Beach Virginia to see her husband off to Kuwait where he is serving our country . She flew alone with two toddlers-one still in diapers . I had bought her a Jeep brand Double umbrella stroller . I purchased this for her to be able to send the stroller on the plane as a piece of luggage . The bag is nice and sturdy . It arrived just days after my online purchase . It is not wide enough for the Jeep stroller . My daughter already had the Jeep stroller at her house-I had to buy this with an estimated size . Seeing the stroller type that the bag could hold would have helped me .
 El producto super&oacute; mis expectativas . Muy buenos los materiales . Punta acolchada para evitar los golpes . Recomendable . Lleg&oacute; a tiempo . Muchas gracias
 used it overseas travel . it was sturdy and kept the stroller in good condition . the fabric is thick . not too difficult to carry either . i would purchase it again .
 I really like this bag . It fits my Combi single stroller well without having to remove the wheels . There is plenty of extra room inside it to put in a rain cover or something like that . With where the zipper is located , it is very easy to drop the stroller into it , zip the bag , and gate check it . I also like the padding for the wheels.Only one end is padded , so that leaves the stroller handles vulnerable when being tossed about by airline personnel . I also found that I need to remove the cupholder from the stroller . With the way it hangs off the side , it would be broken very quickly if left on the stroller inside the bag.Overall , pretty happy with it . Easy to use .
 We bought this in hopes it would fit our Uppababy G Lite -- it does fit and there is a bit of extra room to fit some smaller items . Bag is still in great shape after a couple trips ; I like that the fabric is pretty thick and there is some cushion to protect our stroller .
 We used it on a long haul trip to the UK . Our push chair came out in London damage free , and it was obvious that the bag had saved it from damage given the scrapes on the bag .
 We paid a hefty price tag for our McClaren umbrella stroller . We were not interested in paying that much again if a baggage handler were to damage our stroller on our upcoming vacation . We ordered this stroller bag and it came yesterday . The material is more heavy-duty than I expected and the padding in the end for the wheels is very thick . It seems like it will be a durable and protective bag . And I thought the price was extremely reasonable after seeing how nice the bag is . After seeing it , I would have gladly paid more for such a nicely made product . If we have any problems after traveling with it , I will update , but I do not expect that will be the case . I would definitely recommend this bag if you have an umbrella stroller worth protecting .
 Ok , so I debated about buying this , but SOOOOOO glad I did . It fit my stroller well , as long as I took off the front wheels - no biggie . I threw them in the bag as well.We flew to Maui on the bag 's maiden voyage and upon arrival , there were about 5 cigarette ash burns that had melted areas of the bag . Here is where I had an `` ah-ha '' moment . My other stroller had melt marks all over it and I could n't figure out how ... now I know . The baggage guys smoke as they load my belongings on the plane . So , this bag saved my stroller from being destroyed by another airline employee . My stroller arrived without any broken parts -LRB- because the bag is padded -RRB- and clean . Fine with me .
 This bag worked great for my Maclaren stroller . Plenty of room for other items as well . Worth the money if you need to check your stroller at the airport !
 I decided I needed a bag so we could check our our stroller when flying . We have a Maclaren Quest . Maclaren sells their own bag for a bit more money , so I decided to try this . It worked perfectly . We have used it for both domestic and international travel and it has held up well so far . The Quest fits in it with room to spare , so we are even able to throw toys and shoes in there to reduce some of the weight in our other bags - baby items like strollers and playpens do n't count against you as pieces of baggage ; defintely helpful in these days of airlines charging for extra bags ! ; - -RRB- We have n't taken it through security with us so I ca n't comment on how easy or not easy it is to maneuver -LRB- we generally have our car seat with us and just roll our son through the airport in that , so we do n't need the stroller until we get to our destination -RRB- .
 I was a little worried about my Joovy Kooper fitting , because although it 's an `` umbrella '' stroller , it 's a bit larger than most . No worries , though , the bag is roomy enough to fit the stroller - but I did have to remove the wheels to make it fit lengthwise -LRB- not an issue for me -RRB- . The material is sturdy , and not too difficult to fold up and stick in my stroller 's basket . The handlebars are great , although I am afraid to carry it using the shoulder strap because the clips that attach to the bag look like cheap plastic that will snap from the weight of the Joovy Kooper -LRB- my stoller is heavier than most umbella stroller , so it might not be an issue if you have a lighter stroller -RRB- . I just took the shoulder strap off and only use the handlebars.One thing I was surprised by was the padding . I re-read the item description , and it says it has a padded end . I did n't notice it said that when I first ordered it . I assumed the entire bag was padded . It 's not , just the flip top end of the strollerbag . It 's good for those who have a stroller that has all it 's wheels at one end when it 's folded . The Joovy Kooper has wheels on both ends when it 's folded . If your stroller folds down and has wheels on both ends , only the padded end will protect your wheels . You might want to take your wheels off and store them in the padded end . The padded end will do well protecting your wheels , but the rest of the bag is n't padded and your frame in the unpadded part can still get banged around . Although , if it was a fully padded bag , it probably would n't be as easy to fold up and store while not in use.I do wish the zipper went down lengthwise instead of around the top . But I knew that when I ordered it . It would be just little easier for my heavier stroller to have the bag open the other way . If you have a standard umbrella , the opening should n't bother you.One last thing , apparently it can look a little like a duffle bag , and if you are going to gatecheck your stroller at the airport , there 's a small chance it will get mixed up with regular luggage and not be waiting for you when you exit the plane . I bought some red ducktape and put a strip on the bag , then wrote `` gate check '' in permanent marker on the ducktape . Not super pretty , but we use this primarily for airports , and it gets the attention of the airline employees.Overall , it does it 's job , and has held up well . Joovy makes a stroller bag specifically for the Kooper , but it 's almost double the cost of this . I would choose this over the Joovy bag anyday . It 's sturdy and perfect for the price !
 Took this to travel on transatlantic flights with our Peg Perego P3 Stroller . The bag kept it from getting scratched etc , and the stroller fitted nicely inside . It was useful for carrying it over your shoulder to the gate , especially with a baby/toddler to carry too.The padding is great , but even though we gate-checked it the stroller still had some of it 's frame bent and damaged -LRB- thank you baggage handlers everywhere !! -RRB- . This bag is well made and served its purpose well .
 This bag was much nicer than others we looked at and did a great job of protecting our stroller -LRB- Chicco Liteway -RRB- from damage on our flight . The bag got pretty beat up from the baggage handlers but our stroller was good as new ! We received many comments on how nice it was from others traveling with lesser bags . I would highly recommend !!
 I went back and forth for a few days as to whether or not I wanted to get this bag or the Maclaren bag . I decided to go with this bag first since it was cheaper and if I did n't like it I 'd still have time to return it before my trip . This bag did just fine ! I have a Maclaren Quest and it fit just fine , no wrestling it into the bag and it did n't have to go in a certain way -LRB- meaning the handles or wheels HAD to go on a certain end -RRB- . There was extra room in there for me to put other items in the bag as well , such as extra packs of diapers and some other items I could n't fit into my suitcase . The only thing I 'd wish to be changed was that there be a little more padding throughout the bag and not just on one end . It did a good job though , my stroller came back to me without a scratch .
 We 've taken this bag on numerous trips abroad with no problem . It 's roomy for our Maclaren Triumph , we 've even tried it with two strollers -LRB- the other was a volo -RRB- and they still fit . Overall a good sturdy bag for your stroller .
 I purchased this prior to a flight to keep my new stroller protected and clean . It works great , especially for the price.My only two gripes : - It had a tear in the heavy-duty fabric after the first leg of our trip -LRB- not the bags fault , I 'm sure -RRB- . - It is really hard to fold small when you are in a time-crunch . There really is no good place to keep it stored , so be prepared for that especially if you plan to gate-check your stroller -LRB- which we did -RRB- . We purchased the First Years Ignite stroller for this bag and it just barely fit length-wise . Loved the padding on one end and the shoulder strap.Would definitely recommend !
 We gate checked this with our McLearan umbrella stroller and it held up really well . It 's easier to put in the bag BEFORE you go down the jetway . My only complaint is that is does not fold down very small so we had to really stuff it in the baggage compartment of the stroller .
 We have used this bag 3-4x / year for our Chicco umbrella stroller and it works like a charm . It is a bit of a tight fit lengthwise , as the other reviewers have commented , but you have plenty of room around the sides to put in extra stuff . It is well made and cushioned and the padding/zipper have held up over the course of the past 2 years . we 're buying another one for our second kid
 I bought this bag for my trip to Texas . My Chicco umbrella stroller fit perfectly . I was so glad to have it as it also provided a little extra packing room . I would definately buy this item again !!
 Great to travel and to keep stroller clean for my baby ! Easy to put stroller inside . I recommend !
 We just received this bag today and it seems great so far . It fits our Combi Flare perfectly . The only thing I did n't like was that ONLY the top is padded . I know in the item description it says something about `` the padded end '' but it was n't enough for me to catch that the whole thing is n't padded . I think it would be fine with most umbrella strollers but our Combi has a bit of a different style handle that needs a little cushion . We plan to toss a piece of bubble wrap in the bottom for our plane trip . Overall it 's a great bag !
 I have taken a cross country flight before with my brand new stroller and no bag . Well , I can say that was a mistake . The baggage handlers were a bit on the rough side and broke pieces off of my stroller , and ripped the fabric . So when we were moving out of the country , I was n't going to make the same mistake . I bought this bag . And it was perfect . I own a Maclaren triumph umbrella stroller and it fits inside nicely with lots of room to spare . The bag is made of durable material , and held up for the whole flight overseas . My stroller inside remained in perfect shape . The bag did it 's job , and I am pleased !
 This jogger is easy to assemble and more importantly , moves very well when running . The safety harness has adjustable straps and hooks to ensure a safe fit as your child grows and the cargo net on the back is handy for those bits whilst out on a run . highly recommended .
 I absolutely love this stroller -LRB- I have red -RRB- . As a previous reviewer noted , it 's easy to assemble . It 's also light , very easy to manoeuvre , and my son is comfortable in it . As an avid runner , I bought one for my first son because I was very eager to get back out there . This stroller made it easy and I was back in shape in no time . I 'm expecting my second son in a few weeks and would have bought a double jogger from Baby Jogger but was generously given a Bob Revolution Duallie . It 's gotten great reviews , too , but I loved this stroller so much I was almost disappointed . We 'll see ! I HIGHLY recommend this stroller . It is definitely worth the price .
 I was very happy to find this product because living in a house with only 4 walls to every room -LRB- no closets -RRB- I was strapped for storage . This organizer is great for the little things you need quick access to . Blankets , socks , hats , etc. . The only thing I did not like about it was there is only one way to hang it , with the hooks provided . So unless you plan on hanging it in a closet you have to get a little creative . Other then that , I am glad to have bought it .
 Bought this to replace valves from our boys sippy cups and it works . Now we have more two `` like new '' usable cups .
 I was ecstatic to see that they had these here on Amazon.com . Ca n't seem to find them in Amy stores even Walmart or Target . Got in pretty good time and exactly what I was looking for .
 I was happy to receive these . I bought 2 packs at a great price and they were here when they said they would be .
 These are exactly what I expected and fit into our playtex sipee cups . They fit just right , allowing flow without leaking .
 These fit perfect into our playtex sippy cups ! Our old ones have stains on them and one was lost . We will probably be buying more of these !
 These valves fit perfectly into our playtex sippy cups . They were previously leaking all over the place because we had kind of abused the old valves in the dishwasher . my son is clearly having to work harder to get the liquid out of the sippy cups now , but hopefully the valves will break in a bit and get easier . it 'll always be a trade-off of course . easier to drink = easier to spill , but i 'm happy my car is no longer covered in milk .
 These valves are hard to find . Clear silicone valves are easy to lose and render sippy cups useless , but these matched perfectly and saved us the expense of buying new cups .
 We 've checked stores for these valves , and no one carries them any more . We 've got a few Playtex cups , and all the valves were getting torn . It was great to find these at Amazon ... now our cups are spill-proof again !
 I had been looking for these sippy cup replacements for a while and I had been unable to find them in any of my local stores . Of course when I checked Amazon they had them and I was totally relieved that I did n't have to buy a whole new set of sippy cups !
 These playtex sippy cups last forever , but the stoppers need changing . This is just what i needed ! Quick and inexpensive
 My dog got a few of the valves at home & this product saved me from buying whole new insulator cups .
 I am so gosh tired of looking for these little guys . Dishwasher , strainer , garbage disposal , doggy bed ! I have ended up buying replacement cups just to get more of these plugs ! Thank you Playtex !
 I used these cups for my daughter and now for my son . I absolutely love the cups . They do n't leak . Its a little difficult to clean the valve , but worth every penny !
 When I found out I could just buy these valves , I was ecstatic ! I did n't want to have to buy a whole new cup because we already had several , just missing pieces . -LRB- thanks to our garbage disposal ! -RRB- These work wonderfully !!! I have never experienced any kind of leak or spill with these things . My son is extremely messy to say the least , but with these , I never have to worry !
 Playtex spill-proof cups are worth their weight in gold to any parent with toddlers . The cup is only as good as the valve though . I had 2 cups that were pretty much useless without working valves . I was so happy to not have to throw these cups away . I ordered 2 packs as more valves are surely to go bad over time .
 These have worked fine for us . When in the cup they do n't leak . If you put them in the dishwasher do not put them on the pegs or it rips them and they leak . Put them in the utensil holder .
 The Playtex sippy cup replacement inserts last about a month with my kids . they love Juice and Juice eats the coating on them . so you will be replacing them every month or two if your kids drink alot from them . they really are not meant to last long , but they do work well when they are not worn out by Heavyly acidic Juices .
 Amazon once again beat the price for my local stores ! Very happy with the replacement product ! Works great !
 I was sooo happy when I found these online as the originals do go bad after a while . This saves from having to buy a whole new cup ...
 I 'm so glad they sell these separately . These fit our cups just fine . We seem to be great at losing the inserts ! Cheaper than having to buy new sippy cups !
 These replacement valves are great to have . However , you can find them at your local grocery store instead of paying the shipping charge . After I purchased this product I found out that I could have picked them up at the market . Ordering online just saves on the gas ! Good product though .
 These are so hard to find in stores ! I always need replacements . I boil them occasionally for sanitary reasons . But let 's face it
 like other reviews mine is about the same . can not find this product in stores in wisconsin and need replacements when a few of ours found the bottom of the garbage disposal.showed up a week early and no complaints . fits like it suppose to and does its job . thanks
 These are perfect for extending the life of your children 's sippy cups . Quite hard to find at retail stores . And cheaper than replacing the whole cup !
 One of my valves stopped working in my daughter 's Playtex sippy cup and it was great to find these replacement valves at such a low cost so I did n't have to go out and buy a whole new cup . They work just as well as the one that came with the sippy cup and I am happy with the purchase .
 If you have kids than you know that these things are vital if you do n't want to have sippy cups that leak all over the place . The only problem is that they are easy to lose , hard to clean sometimes and apparently they are also delicious to dogs -LRB- at least mine think so -RRB- . I was very excited to find these on Amazon since I was not looking forward to having to throw out the perfectly fine sippy cups just to get new valves.Now I know that my dog and sons can do whatever they want to when it comes to these valves since I have a great source for replacement ones . This is a must buy , and you wo n't be disappointed .
 I wish I had known about this replacement product much sooner because these are always falling out in the dishwasher or going down the disposal . These do the trick without the expense of new cups , and they fit all the Platex sippy cups . I gave them 4 stars because I think the price is much too high for a couple of little rubber stoppers .
 I 've been unable to find these in any local store and you parents out there know how important it is to have extras ! I bought a few packs since they are interchangeable with all playtex cups . The seller shipped these very quickly - would buy from them again .
 Good luck finding these kid must haves in stores ! I used to pick these up when need at Target and at Wal-mart , bu tin the last 6 months these have vanished from both places ! I have n't checked grocery stores and pharmacies , yet ... but I 'll bet the internet is much easier than hauling kids in and out of candy and commercial treasure filled stores any day !
 Babies sippy cups are always loosing the stoppers , This was a great deal and they fit all their playtex cups .
 These valves work just as well as the ones that come with the sip-cup . Its more economical to buy these rather than buy new sip-cups . The price seems a little high for what your getting but it you save a few bucks this way rather than throwing away your sipcups and buying new ones .
 i was no able to find these in store so i bought them online . i love them . better to replace the valves than the whole cup !
 This is better than buying new cups , & I have spares for losses/misplaced valves next time , the only way to fly .
 could never find these in the store and it was getting expensive for us to replace cups instead of buying valves . Glad I found them on here . Good service
 These are exactly the same as the inserts that come with the platex sippy cups . I was so glad to find these because we seem to keep losing the inserts and I do n't want to have to replace an entire cup due to the lack of an insert . They work just as good as the original . I bought the smaller pack and then promptly lost some more inserts so now I 'm wishing I bought the larger pack to have some extras .
 My kids have the Playtex sippy cups and when the valves got old I was n't able to find these anywhere , I was SO happy that I found them here and for a great price ! I 'd rather buy replacement valves then spend an arm and a leg on all new cups .
 Buying these lets me extend the life of all my son 's sippys . These valves make or break the sippy , so glad they were a resonable price .
 I chose this because i like this product and because it was a great price ! I would recommend this to anyone interested in this product !
 I was so tired of leaks from my other cups . After a while , yes they do wear out . Now I 'm talking them lasting almost 2 years before I had to get these ! I am SO glad that I have back ups . So much cheaper than buying new cups !
 I really like the Playtex cups that use these valves . No mess , no dripping . I would suggest testing the valves often to make sure they do not leak and change them as soon as they start letting some drops through .
 good product , but I found it at meijer for the same cost minus shipping after I bought it . Unless you can get it with free shipping I would do that in the future .
 Those valves seemed to always get lost on the children 's cups and then I have to buy more expensive cups . These Playtex valves are perfect !
 We just purchased these valves for our Playtex sippy cups and they are a perfect fit . Playtex is our favorite brand of sippy cup because the valves get totally clean every time in the dishwasher -LRB- no little pockets that start growing mold -RRB- and because they seem to stop spills better than other brands . We highly recommend these valves and the cups !
 the spill valve inserts are a perfect solution to having to replace the unit all together . and for the reduced price , its fabulous !
 I used to find these at Target and Walmart but ca n't find them anymore . Great way to extend the life of our sippy cups !
 These are the typical rubber replacement valves . It 's good to have a few extras on hand . I appreciate that I do n't have to replace an entire cup .
 So glad Amazon has this for sale ! I could n't find replacements anywhere ! These get gross , eaten up by the garbage disposal , or just plain vanish . New cups are expensive , so glad that these are offered . Playtex cups are THE BEST when it comes to preventing leaks .
 These are a great value ! The Playtex insulator sippy cups are the best non-leaking cups I have found . The cups themselves are pretty much indestructible , but eventually the valves will wear out , and you will notice a bit of leaking . With these you can simply replace the valve instead of buying a whole new cup . Saves $ !
 I works great , and came in the mail quickly . Thanks . and I do n't know what else to say ... I have to write more the to be able to push the submit button ...
 Much cheaper than buying new cups , since after time the valves tend to disappear . I actually bought few extra to replace any that wear out too .
 I had a couple Playtex Sippy Cups that were a few years old , and missing the valves to make them spill-proof . Found these online , ordered them , and sure enough they fit perfect and the sippy cups are good as new again !
 I love playtex cups but these valves are a pain to have to replace every 6months or so . They are also extremely hard to find .
 I would recommend people with small kids to buy playtex sippy cups because you can replace the parts and they are easy to clean .
 Love this table ! Sophisticated and sweet , looks great and is very practical ! Good sized , not like many cheaper smaller tables .
 I do n't really know what differentiates between a good and a bad changing pad , but this one is perfect in my book . Cleans up easily thanks to the plasticy top layer , fits perfectly in my changing table , and its soft enough to make my son comfortable . He actually prefers laying on this than in his bassinet . Nothing to complain about on this baby .
 This was bigger than the last one purchased and the same price so it worked well because baby 's grow so fast .
 Works as expected . I would give it 5 stars but its a bit slippery on the bottom and has a tendency to slide all over the place .
 Works great for my little one . He is quite the squirmer and it keeps him on the table while I 'm changing his diaper .
 I am really happy with this changing pad . It 's a good size for a growing baby and I like the fact you can strap the baby in later . My little one is already a squirmer ! Super easy to wipe and clean .
 This changing pad is great . It is as advertised , fits my changing table perfectly . I like the contour and baby LOVES to be on his changing table . We bought 2 of these , one for our house , and one for the grandparents house .
 Just received the changing pad and it came exactly as described . Fit our changing table perfectly . We like the thickness of the pad and the contour . It appears to be very good quailty for the price !
 Her changing table is her favorite place to be . She loves this mat so much I am considering making it her bed !!
 I received the changing pad in mail yesterday . I bought it based on the positive reviews . I only give it a 4 out of 5 b/c I have not used the pad yet . It looks like it will be a good changing pad but I will just have to wait and see .
 I bought this chair for my 12 year old son , but I end up stealing it from him when he 's not around to stop me . It 's a bit bulky , even folded , but it 's still portable and light enough to easily carry up and down the stairs . As is the case with most products from this company , build quality is rock solid . It wo n't take the place of a LA-Z boy recliner , but the chair is comfortable for gaming for about 1-2 hours at a time for kids and adults .
 A must-have for every new mom -- attachment parent or not . Babies are meant to be close to mom . They have spent the last 9 months snuggled up warmly against mom . They should spend the next 9 months the same way . This sling allows you to do that with your HANDS FREE !
 I can nurse in it , stuff it in the diaper bag and it looks great . The print side works great with jeans and I flip to solid to keep it from being to much with my patterned skirts My 17lbs 3mo loves it in there and Ive even held my 27lbs 2yo -LRB- she wants what baby gets lol -RRB-
 Great Product . I like this trash bin very much . Arrived quickly and works great . I will gladly recommend this device .
 My wife loved hers , so I bought one for my SUV . My kids actually keep my car clean with this durable , well made garbage container . Blends in great with my black interior .
 We ordered this product not so much for a wastebasket but to help organize our kids stuff . It does a great job on both counts . Stays upright very nicely . My only suggestion for improvement would be to have some time of divider or supports to keep the sides of the bag rigid .
 I ca n't believe my car is as neat as it is , and amazed at how much I can stuff into the XL litterbag . It 's great . The only annoyance I have with it ist hat the bag does not expand to full size . Instead , it contracts until it 's stuffed . Not a big deal , but I find it a little annoying . Great otherwise !
 Does what the company claims and stays put in my car with Velcro bottom . It does lose its shape somewhat but will expand when full of trash . Like it & am very pleased !
 We purchased a three-seat SUV and wanted something to put trash and `` junk '' in when traveling to keep the floors clean . This works very well . It 's washable , but I purchased 3 gallon trash bags to line it and that makes it easy to clean it then re-line it . SO FAR SO GOOD !
 This fits perfectly in front of my console in my Chevy Silverado . The velcro does not really grab the carpet , but the weight in the bottom keeps it perfectly in place . It is a good size .
 A very practical item for your vehicle . Velcro sometimes slips a little , but overall works very well in keeping the vehicle clean of garbage .
 I have always had cars that looked like I lived in them , and it was n't much of an issue since I was always on the go and always had what I needed . I am now out of school and no longer spending hours a day in my car , so when I got a new car , I wanted to keep it nice . When I got my new car a few months ago , I looked for a solution to the garbage issue . Having had this handy item for a few months now , I can say my car has NEVER looked better ! Every time I fill up my gas tank , I just reach in and grab it to empty it out . It holds just enough to get me from tank to tank , and I love that . I love having a nice , neat car and not feeling embarrassed about how gross my car looks ! This has really been the solution I needed to keep a neat car . : -RRB-
 Very glad we got this for a long trip ! And even more happy to have for everyday . I was always one with papers and little things cluttering my cup holders and throwing trash on the floor and now that I have this my car stays clean ! It is weighted down too so does not fall over or move when you turn or go over bumps . My son can even toss his trash from sitting in his car seat ! Wish I had this sooner !!!
 Do n't get one any smaller than this if you have four or more people riding in the car regularly . This is great for holding all of our trash and the weighted bottom keeps it from tipping over . Easy to clean with waterproof liner .
 I was hesitant to order this because of some of the negative reviews regarding size and the flap . I put the weights in the zipped compartment and then I put it behind the passenger seat on the floor . I LOVE it . It stays in place . It is easy to open it and insert garbage with one hand . It holds its shape . I have n't tried to clean it yet or anything , but it holds plenty . I think I will empty it once every couple of weeks or so . I do n't think it 's `` extra large '' compared to anything , but it 's a great little trash receptacle that should work very well and hold up . I recommend it .
 I travel a lot and I usually pack my on snacks and drinks , and do n't like a messy car so I needed a place to keep my trash . I usually use a plastic bag left over from grocery shopping , but sometimes those leak and the trash does n't stay secured in the bag . Anyway , this is nice because it 's weighted -LRB- it comes with a weighted bean bag you zip into the bottom -RRB- , and there 's velcro on the bottom of the bag for those of you who have carpeted mats in your car . The bag is lined with a waterproof/plastic liner so you do n't have to worry about nasty old stuff dripping into your car . The cover for the bag is held shut with velcro , and it 's pretty sturdy . I would suggest putting a little liner in the bag so you do n't have to worry about sanitizing or cleaning the bag , depending on what type of waste you 're putting in there.I would definitely recommend this product to others , I 'm a clean person and I like my car to stay clean too . : -RRB-
 For the price , you ca n't go wrong . However , the &#34; XL &#34; designation gives the impression that this is larger than it is . Its is not very big , but can hold maybe a six pack of empty cans , a fast food back , and a few napkins . It serves its purpose well , as long as you do n't mind emptying it out once a week.I 'm glad they included the weight , as it would otherwise have a tendency to topple over . While that 's happened once or twice for me now over the course of a few months , I had it loaded up with top-heavy materials . Would n't have minded just a little more weight , though.For reference , this fits perfectly in a 2012 GMC Sierra between the console and the middle of the bench seat.In short , I would purchase this item again without any hesitation -- and be happy about it .
 This bag fits perfectly on the back floor of my Juke . Everything else was just to big . `` XL '' is a bit misleading , take a look at the measurements before you buy . Stays in place well but does have a tendency to fold closed a little , as other reviewers have pointed out . Holds a decent amount and does n't leak , I 'm happy with it .
 I have a honda fit and I just place this on the floor in the backseat between the seats . It 's a good size for it . I keep my car much cleaner now that I have a place to put my garbage .
 We got this for the back seat of our Prius for when we take longer trips . It fits great on the floor between the center console and the middle of the back seat . With the bean bag and the velcro on the bottom this item does not slide around at all . Not too large to take up too much room , but great for exactly what we needed .
 I ca n't recommend this product enough . Even though it 's not absolutely perfect , it 's way better than I thought it could be and I 'm using it every day , which makes it worth every penny . I even recommended it already to a few friends who have messy cars as well -LRB- they all apologized to me for how trashy their cars were and I said mine was the same way until recently , so I did n't mind . But then they asked what I had done to change it and I told them about this little trash can -RRB- . The only thing I am not crazy about is that for me , it does n't stand open without being full of trash . I would have expected it to be stiffer on the sides , I guess . Maybe I need to see how I put it in the car , though . The other thing is the lid - it does n't seem to fit and almost seems like , even though it 's attached , it 's the wrong size or something . I leave it open anyway , but if I ever wanted to close it , it would look weird because it 's not quite fitting . Hard to explain but also not really that big of a deal since I 'm not carting around celebs or anything.Overall , I 'd say if you think are on the fence about this one , I 'd say go for it . I 'm soooo glad I got this . I do n't feel ashamed to give rides anymore to friends .
 I got this for the back seat of our truck for the kids to use . The walls seem very sturdy but the velcro on the bottom is not sticking to the floor like it should . It does come with a weight to put in the bottom so hopefully that 'll keep it upright . Other than that , really nice product for the price .
 I love my car trashcan . It can even hold several empty water bottles ! I keep a shopping bag in it so it 's easier to remove the trash . Fits perfectly on the floor of the backseat of my little Honda Fit kind of between the two front seats .
 The Good : Super quick shippingSleek when emptySticks to the floor , even without a carpetThe ballast bag really worksDid I mention super quick shippingThe Bad : Its a big black bag , but you know that before you order itIt is no where near as rigid as the photos make it seem .
 It fits nicely in front of the center console in my Odyssey . I like that it has the weight thingy on the bottom to keep it from tumbling . I personally would not throw liquid in there , but I 'm sure it would be easy enough to clean . I have a grocery bag in there lining it for easy disposal . It 's not huge , but I really do n't think a car trash bag needs to be .
 Fits in the spot available in our Kia Rondo . Holds enough stuff for a days trip line it with a bag from the store makes it easy to clean out . I just wish the sides had a wire frame to . When empty the weight of the cover folds the unit into a triangle shape . Which allows room to pass from one rear seat to the other easier so I guess that 's a good thing . Thank you purchasing from Amazon is a snap .
 It 's bigger than I thought -LRB- that 's what she said -RRB- and it 's keeping my car clean from my husband 's bad habits of stuffing receipts and bags in the car door slots . Although the only problem is without trash in it the Velcro on the bottom does n't stick very well to the car floor but on the whole it 's very helpful .
 Given the `` XL '' in the title and the product photo , you may think that this bag is a lot bigger than it is , which a lot of other reviews have mentioned . It is just about exactly as big as the product information section indicates
 I was the world 's worst about having a filthy car ! I recently purchased this litterbag and 2 High Road XL organizers and now I have the most immaculate car around ! With 2 sons -LRB- 3 & 4 -RRB- I was always ending up with leaky sippy cups on my floor mats . Now , we throw all of our trash in it , as well as , plates , cups , and anything else that has crumbs , food , drinks , etc. that used to clutter my car ! At the end of each day when we get home , I simply grab the litterbag and empty it in the household trash and rinse it out . It 's completely leak proof ! The velcro at the bottom ensures that it does n't flip over ... LOVE IT !
 As much as I trashed -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- the `` compact '' version of the TrashStand Floor Litterbag for having misleading photos and a top that was longer than the Litterbag was tall -LRB- making it impossible to lay flat against the back of the bag -RRB- ; I must return to Amazon to say that the XL version of the TrashStand is absolutely perfect .
 I 've tried a few different trash bins for my new car . This one is pretty good.Pros : - sand bag that can go in the bottom to anchor it down - pocket in the front - fairly spacious - the right size for grocery bags as linersCons - sides do n't stand up as well as it says - lid/cover is heavy and can cause the sides to sag inward even more - sandbag is oddly shaped and when it 's inside the bottom of the bin it causes the base to be uneven
 Having one of these in your back seat does an amazing job of keeping your car clear of trash . It 's great having a place to put it that can easily be emptied when you 're filling up on gas.This holds a fair amount of trash and has a sandbag you can put at the bottom to keep it from shifting around while youre driving.Been very pleased with it so far . Recommended
 it is a great fit in my crewmax just add a plastic bag as a liner and its a easy way to keep it clean
 Really nice that it stays put on the floor . the velcro on the bottom sticks to the floor carpet in my SUV . i always keep the top open .
 It 's great . Has a weighted bag that can go in the bottom to keep it in place in the moving car . I really like the lid .
 I use to just use the bag from the gas station/convienance store to throw my trash in , but it wo n't stay on the emergency brake handle or stay open . But this trash stand stays open , stays put and is easy to throw stuff into it without missing . It takes liquids well . Putting a bag in it as a liner for easy clean out is a thought ... but it takes away from it 's coolness factor .
 This is great I do not have to make sure my coffee cups are free of liquid before throwing them in Litterbag . I think I will get another one for my recyclables .
 I 've been looking for a very long time to find a trash holder that actually works for any car . Most of the ones I 've seen were either too small or had no way to keep them in place . I was really getting tired of having to make due with hanging the handles of a plastic grocery bag over my arm rests to hold the trash . This is a wonderful product and I 'll be ordering more , not only does it have a weighted bag insert to keep it from being knocked over it has Velcro strips on the bottom to hold it in place . It 's defiantly big enough , Most of the cars , trucks and vans I 've driven do n't have much more room for anything bigger . It 's a lot more sturdy than you think and will fit in tight spots because it 's flexible . In my opinion It 's more than worth the price .
 I really enjoy having this item in my car . I am a nanny and drive the two children I keep around . They are very clean children and have not made a mess yet ; but I know when it does happen , this product will come in very handy . I have not really used the item yet , but I know when I do it will work . It was just what I expected and needed . It looks like it would be very heavy duty and sturdy and if I do n't use it as a trash can , I can used it for storage . It is discrete , nothing about it screams nasty , stinky trash can . I am very happy with it !
 This trashcan is great . Its bigger than I expected , and does n't fall over . Very impressed . From the reviews I was afraid it would be tiny , but it is a good size and it fits perfectly between the front seats of my 2010 Dodge Grand Caravan behind the cupholders . I do n't have anything bad to say about it . Very pleased .
 works great for our Santa Fe SUV . stays put , not too big , not too small . do n't even notice it is there . helps keep SUV cleaner . great that it is leak proof also . recommend .
 Why do n't cars come with some designated trash bin area ? ESPECIALLY minivans ? Oh well , this fit the bill perfectly . It fits perfectly in my minivan between the center console and the dash area , and I can still use the cup holders . It is small but I really do n't want to keep a lot of trash in my car anyway .
 The litter bag was what I expected eceot for the way it mounted on floor but the way they devised works fine . It is big enough to hold 5 or 6 cans of soda pop or water bottles but not take up to much room on the center hump works great for my 2005 chey colorado would recommend it for anyone with a big central hump in their vehicle
 I use it in my 2008 Mitsubishi Outlander . It sits behind the front seat where i can easily dump all my trash . It has Velcro that keep it on the floor and it does n't leak .
 A great trash container for newer cars with a front console . It fits behind the console of my new Honda CRV and secures to the carpet well .
 I could n't find anything like this in the stores in my area and I 'm glad I took a chance and ordered it . It 's perfect for my vehicle , sits nicely on the floor and holds quite a bit more than one of those plastic bags that hang awkwardly on a handle or knob . The grandkids think it 's cool that they have something to throw their stuff in and now the trash ends up here instead of on the floor . It 's well made and a good value for the cost .
 It 's good quality . Velcro/weighted bottom is great feature . I wish it was a tiny bit wider as I have the room in my Van . I was initially concerned it would be too small , however I find it 's big enough for what it is intended . When our family gets take out , we throw away the garbage in the bags the take-out came in , and bring it out of the car when we get out . This item is great for coffee cups , sodas , wrappers , tissues , etc. . I use grocery bags as liners folding the bag over the edges . When it is full I just take it out . This is extremely convenient . I am going to order this again for my husbands car . It doens not tip over or collapse . It keeps it 's shape nicely .
 I feel like it could use some support on its sides so it does n't fold in . Other tHan that ... Great trash bag for my SUV .
 the velcro at the bottom of the item does n't adhere very well to the carpet in the back seat of my vehicleit 's a little small , but I guess I shouldnt have a huge trash-filled box in my car anyhow.definitely useful for any drinks with small amounts of liquid as it does not leak thru the bottom .
 I was a little surprised at the small size but it will easily hold what I need it to on a rode trip and it fits perfectly behind the console without tipping over . I would try to empty any bottles or coffee cups first but it is good to know that if I forget , it will not leak . nice sturdy product and looks nice in the car .
 I did n't think I would end up writing a review for a trash can . But I really like this . It does what it says , it stays put in the car and hold quite a bit of trash . It 's very attractive ... even with a shopping plastic bag in it :--RRB- . I would recommend it for 1-3 people ... not quite sure how it would for a very large family . I found this at Marshall 's for less . Same product -LRB- hint
 I always seem to have a paper wrapper , empty cup / can or something I do n't want trashing up my jeep . This little litter catcher is just the ticket . It fits perfectly right behind the console on the rear floor center hump , and I can reach it no problem from the drivers seat . It has Velcro on the bottom and a weighted bag you zip in a compartment to hold it in place . It has n't moved once ! I use a plastic bag as a liner which makes it easy to pull out and empty . I keep it open to make putting trash in easy , but it does have a lid if you want / need to close it . If you want to keep a clean ride , with somewhere to put your trash , I would get one of these and be happy !
 I purchased this not for the litter bag function , but because I have small stuff in my backseat and I hate hearing it slosh around when I take turns . The bag stands upright after a day of unfurling and the inside plastic which would theoretically hold in he spills also loosens and spreads out over the first few days to make more interior space . I keep an umbrella , some cookies and other nick nacks in there . The sides hold upright well and the weighted bottom actually holds the bag in place -LRB- there 's also some Velcro on the bottom -RRB- . The combination of that and the Velcro actually holds it too well . Lifting it up will bring up your carpeted floor mats ! However , it does n't slosh around and that 's exactly what I wanted it for !
 I have twin toddlers , and there always seems to be some sort of snack consumed while in our 2008 Town and Country minivan . This trashcan fits great right behind the center console of the front seats and stays in place .
 Small , inconspicuous . My vehicle stays litter free . I just dump it at a gas station trash bin when I fill up .
 This has been working great for me . I have a normal sedan size car and this fits quite nicely on the floor and I have n't once had it tip over . I feel that it was a good buy .
 For as much as anyone can really like a trash bin , I really like this trash bin . Some other reviews compalined that it was too small ; I think it 's the perfect size for a car . It can easily hold 4 empty beverage containers and then some . What do you want , something so large that you ca n't get past it ? Maybe a 55 gallon drum would suit you better.And this thing will not tip over . The velcro on the bottom grabs my car 's carpet firmly & will not let it slip loose . There is also a zippered weight compartment holding a bag of weight -LRB- probably sand -RRB- to give it very low ballast . You can even add more weight in the compartment if you want . Overall , this is the best car litter bag I 've ever owned .
 With a name like `` XL '' I expected this to be bigger when it first came . However , after having used it now for 6 months , it really holds a lot . It works perfectly in our minivan -LRB- fits right under the middle console table -RRB- and the weighted plus velcro on the bottom does a great job holding it in place . We never use the lid but it 's nice to know its there in case we need it .
 This is exactly what I was looking for . Only thing I do n't like is that using a garbage bag or grocery bag as a liner does n't work well if you want to keep the lid closed . It needs a little extra height from the hinge seam to fold the bag over . Otherwise great .
 High Road TrashStand & trade ; Floor Litter Bag Compact This is one thing I do n't know what I 'd do with out . Easy to get to , easy to empty and above all , easy to keep my van clean . I got every one in the habit of using it . Makes it a whole lot easier on me .
 Make sure to read the reviews , before buying this product . Even though it says XL its not huge . Make sure to look at the measurements . For me , its exactly what I wanted for my SUV . I love that it has a cover that I can either fold back to leave open or use to hide my `` garbage '' . The inside is completely waterproof , but I line mine with a plastic shopping bac that I can easily remove and replace .
 This little trash can is great for my car - perfect size , perfect weight . It comes with a small weight pack to insert into the bottom which keeps it steady when you 're going around turns.If you 're constantly trashing things like soda bottles or fast food it might be too small for you -LRB- or you 'll need to empty it daily -RRB- . Personally I rarely eat in my car so I use it for gum wrappers , receipts , or an occasional piece of paper or envelope . It 's a great size for this application .
 Having physically exhausted a search in Charlotte , NC , for a trash bin for my wife 's car , I landed at Amazon in my search for this item . Well built with a sandbag to keep it stable , and a lid to cover it when not in use . For the price , size , and quality -LRB- although it is not made in the USA -RRB- I heartily recommend this .
 I like the size of this garbage bag for a family car . It is larger than others I 've seen , but still fits easily on the floor between the front seats without being obstructive . It 's good for the trash a family accumulates daily -LRB- tissues , scraps of paper , cups , etc. -RRB- . It is more than adequate for any garbage that we 'd want to leave in a car .
 Just what the wife wanted , great in a van with a flat floor . Waterproof is a great plus .
 These cups were purchased for my daughter to use as a `` first '' cup without a lid . They are easy to hold , easily cleaned and really are cute !
 Between my daughter and I we have tired almost every brand of sippy cup and love this brand the best . Highly recommend . There is NO leakage until my granddaughter starts chewing the opening . But otherwise it is the best on the market . Another great Prime purchaseMunchkin 2 Pack Backyardigans Insulated Spill Proof Cup , 9 Ounce , Colors May Vary
 My daughter loves this cup . It washes nicely in dishwasher , and does n't leak when she has it around the house .
 My son is very picky about his sippy cups and most of them he get 's frustrated because the insert always seem to fall out . These cups are great and the insert does n't come out easily . His milk stays nice and cold and it is the perfect size for him to sip and hold . Love them !!
 This was the only cup I could get my son to use to get off the bottle . Now he 's two years old and still uses them . They are spill-proof and have various nick jr characters that your child will enjoy . Here are some pros and cons I found after over a year of use of these cups.Pros
 Super great Sippy cup . Just like a big kid top . No nipple , straw or wierd spout . Top is shaped more like a regular cup . It is a Cupsucle too can put it in the freezer .
 El producto lleg&oacute; a tiempo , sin contratiempos , sin problemas el producto de muy buena calidad . La atenci&oacute;n del vendedor muy buena
 I have now had this diaper organizer for 5 years and 3 kids . The same one has lasted through it all and I think it is great . Mine hangs from the wall above the changing table -LRB- I used screws -RRB- and is packed with baby supplies . I 've never been worried that anything will fall out and onto a baby . The diapers stay in place just fine -LRB- newborn diapers are obviously smaller , but I never had issues with those either -RRB- and the organizer does n't sag . I 'm not sure how it would sag . Maybe people just mean falls forward slightly . The only part I do n't like is that the shelf pockets do n't stay perfectly horizontal -LRB- they fall forward slightly -RRB- , but they are fairly deep pockets so , with a little common sense , it 's very easy to keep everything in place . I 've had it in 4 different spots on the wall in 3 rooms as I rearrange more than any human needs to and I have never had issues with it falling . It hs been very sturdy and useful .
 cute and stable . wish it came in pink but cant complain . good price , clean , stable , what every nursery needs . = -RSB-
 Work as what it is described . . Can really organize the baby stuffs well not only diaper . Strongly recommended if you want to organize your baby stuffs
 This is very easy to Velcro onto the side of the crib . Has a spot for a box of wipes , to small mesh compartments as well as 4 other places to put things and a diaper stacker in the middle . The problem I did run into was that the newborn diapers I would put in would just fall out through the opening which was frustrating but I got a clothes pin and pined the two sides together and it works fine now
 Great item if not using a traditional diaper changing station . We were using the playpen changer for the most part since our son 's nursery was upstairs . One negative
 I almost did n't buy this product after all the negative reviews I read . However , I am glad that I did . I have not had a single problem with the velcro . It has been hanging on the crib for nearly a year without it falling off once . I have added cute bows as extra support but only becasue I wanted it to look `` girly '' . This holds everything for me , wipes , diapers , ointments , soaps , lotions , nursing pads , toys , and much more . I do n't know what I would do without it !
 I 'm not sure why so many people panned this product . I 've had it up in my nursery for 2 weeks and it looks and functions well . My only issue is that the velcro straps are not long enough , so I neatly rigged it with some twine and it 's plenty stable . The bins are n't sagging -LRB- so far -RRB- and it holds just what I need .
 I have this organizer hanging on the wall right by my baby 's playpen . It holds everything I need for her and more . I recommend this product to anyone who needs one place to put everything for their child
 . buena calidad , lo que m&aacute;s gusta es la calidad , se lo recomend&eacute; a los amigos , es bueno el producto
 I got this organizer to make the most of the tiny space we have in our home . It really is a nice design , and it has a lot of potential . I love this organizer , I wish that it came in other colors besides white and green . A blue and pink might be ideas , but for now it 's green . I figure I will even use this after my tot is out of diapers , to store things like toys or little things in the closet if I hang it from the rod .
 Most diaper hangers have one compartment for a big stack of disposables . We use a variety of cloth diapers and this organizer is great because it has space to hold our prefolds , fitteds , doublers , pockets and inserts , and covers . I have n't loaded heavy things onto it , but I 've never had a problem with the shelves being unstable as another reviewer did .
 If you want a soft-hanging organizer , this is the best you 'll get . It does tip forward a bit , as any hanging fabric organizer will , but it has compensated for that with pocketed shelves -LRB- as opposed to open shelves like on theDex Products Ultimate Baby Organizerwhere everything slides right off -RRB- . I use this Munchkin organizer with thePrince Lionheart Ultimate Wipes Warmerand it fits great right on top in a very convenient place . It fits everything I need in the organizer , whereas with theDex OrganizerI had to use an extra TV table tray to handle the overflow . The pocketed diaper middle section is great ! It actually holds the diapers in ! It 's tricky to `` restock '' it , but the fact that the diapers do not tip out more than makes up for it ! If you want something sturdier , you 'll have to go with hard plastic , because you wo n't find a better fabric organizer .
 This diaper organizer has a ton of space for diapers and other changing essentials . It conveniently attaches to the crib or door . I love the color and elegant look !
 There seem to be a lot of complaints about this organizer . But it works fine for me . It is true that the pockets can sag a little , but it probably all depends on what you put in them and how much you care . The items I have in my organizer are diapers , a tissue box , a small container of cotton swabs , package of wipes , a tube of baby gel and a bottle of baby lotion . It works well for me attached to the changing table . My changing table does consist of slats , so it was easy to install using the velcro tabs . The only part that I did not like was trying to install the organizer to be straight across - it is hard to align both velcro tabs exactly the same height . All in all , I am happy with the product . Mine is a blue color on the trim , not green -LRB- I got mine at Target -RRB- .
 I asked for and received this for Christmas . It is a really cute set , and it would be a great gift for a baby shower or a first birthday . The only thing wrong is that the little blue box -LRB- that says Mud Pie -RRB- was a little beat up and the lining was ripped a little . The boxes for the hair and tooth are small , which is n't a problem for the tooth , but it may not hold a lot of hair . All in all , I 'm happy with it and glad I have something that looks really nice to display these keepsakes .
 this is really cute . I bought it because my sister refuses to cut my nephews hair and he is 2.5 -LRB- in hopes that it would encourage her to do so but did n't work -RRB- . We both love it and she plans on using it when she does take him in for his first hair cut .
 This ceramic set is a precious shower gift that will be treasured for years - a true keepsake .
 I was pleased with the overall purchase . Availibility , price , delivery and quality . Thanks for a graet shopping experience .
 Cute design . Nice paper . I ca n't say how well it works on walls . I used it as decoration for a baby shower . It was really hard to find classic pooh decorations -LRB- or anything else for that matter -RRB- , so I used pieces of this as a kind of table runner . worked great !
 I really love this classic pooh border . It goes nicely with my Classic Pooh comforter set and valance . The colors are soft and subtle and the installation was easy . Very pleased .
 So cute and very easy to put up ! I saved a few dollars buying it here and it arrived quickly . Highly recommend !
 We ordered this border for our nursery . It was very easy to apply and was the perfect pattern . One thing to keep in mind -- if you want to match the pattern the whole way around , you may have to cut a few inches -LRB- 6 - 12 -RRB- off of each roll before you start applying it , so order accordingly .
 This item was on the wanted list of a baby shower I attended . It was a big hit and fun to see what young moms today want . recommended .
 What I love about this product : - The padded kneeler and elbow rest are comfortable.-The padded kneeler and elbow rest allow me to bath my child with minimal discomfort as I wash him . -LRB- I am five feet , two and a half inches tall -RRB- - The elbow rest is attached to the rim of my tub with suction cups , easy to attach and remove.-The padded kneeler has rubber , `` feet '' on the bottom that keep it from slipping on my wet , ceramic tile bathroom floors.-I have not encountered any mold or resulting smell from kneeler or elbow rest.-Both kneeler and elbow rest are easy to clean.What I do n't love about this product : - The mesh bag that hangs between the kneeler and elbow rest was not long enough to keep attached and use on my tub . -LRB- I have a pretty standard tub -RRB- BUT , it was easy enough to remove from the product so that I could use just the elbow pad and kneeler . I keep bath products and toys on and in tub anyway.-The rubber , `` feet '' of the kneeler come off too easily.-My twelve month old has figured out how to remove the elbow rest . Fortunately , the product is safe , without sharp edges so , this is nothing but , at most , a mild nusiance.I 've been using this product for over six months and it provides my knees and posture support and comfort during bathtime . I do also like the fact that the kneeler can bonus as a storage space AND a step stool for my child in the future . The padding on the top of the kneeler may not be slip resistant though so , that is something to take into consideration when using it as a child 's step stool . Still , that is easily fixed with some sort of adhesive material that prevents slipping , like the kind of strips you would put on stairs.Overall , I 'm glad that I purchased this product . It is sufficent and comfortable for my needs . At the time I purchased it , I felt this was the best product on the market , for price and comfort .
 I have a tub that is about 6 inches higher than a normal tub so I use this every bath time and it saves my knees and elbows !!! I just store it in the tub when I 'm not using it . I highly recommend this product .
 I bought this stool for my grandson to stand on when he goes to the bathroom . -LRB- He 's 3 years old -RRB- The little stool is just the right height but every time I pick the stool up the rubber feet fall off . Our bathroom is n't very big -LRB- that 's an understatement -RRB- so after he uses the stool I have to move it to stand it up against the wall or the tub and every time the feet fall out . I do n't know what to do to keep the feet in and I ca n't use it without the feet because it slips on the floor . I will keep using it and keep putting the feet back in but it would be nice if they would stay in : -RRB-
 We purchased this kneeler and it has been wonderful ! When we bathe our daughters , our knees thank us !! The suction cups do get worn out -LRB- after a few years -RRB- and may need to be replaced , but a great product !!
 I like this product ALOT , mainly because it 's a two in one product . My son -LRB- who is only 20 months -RRB- can use it by turning the step stool over , and I can use if for him for the bath , and it 's great !!!!
 I am all around happy with this product but I gave it only 4 stars because I wish I could store it in the kneel position , not the step stool postion , with the arm rest inside of it to make it easier for storage .
 After looking at several different variations my husband and I decided to go with this one . The cushioning on the kneeler is awesome and I also really like the elbow rest.The hanging organizer has two pockets which fit our daughters bathwash and bubble bath . We use a new washcloth at each bathing so this is really all we need to hold.What I liked most about this product was that it `` grows '' with your child so they can use it as a stepstool as they get older . For the price I think its the best choice out there . Mom and dad can use it -LRB- we actually bought it for grandma who loves to bathe our daughter but has an ackward time doing it in our tub -RRB- and then our daughter can use it to brush her teeth or to stand in the kitchen.The maximum weight on this product is 200 pounds so I think its a good product for adults as well who maybe need a little extra help reaching that top shelf in the kitchen !
 I LOVE THIS ITEM , MY SON IS 2 YEARS OLD SO HE IS SOME WHAT ACTIVE IN THE BATHTUB SO THING GET WET SO THE ARM REST HELPES YOU FROM SLIPPING IN , THE KNEELER HELPES ALOT AND THE BEST THING IS THE POCKETS , JUST PUT THE BABY BATH AND SHAMPOO IN THERE AND YOU NEVER EVER NEED TO TURN YOUR HEAD AWAY FROM YOUR CHILD.I LOVE THIS , IT IS A MUST HAVE !!!
 Although at times it 's hard to keep the suction cups in place , I find this product to be user-friendly . It does n't take up too much space on the floor , and it folds easily for storage . Also , it has areas in which you can store shampoo , wash clothes , etc. . It has vibrant colors that helps brighten up the bathroom too!When my son gets older , I think it will also be a nice step stool for his bedroom or bathroom .
 I bought this product several weeks ago and use it almost every night when giving my baby his bath . It is a lifesaver for my knees ! Before , my knees used to start aching while I was kneeling . This cushions my knees , and the elbow rest is also very comfortable . I do n't agree with the other reviewers that said the armrest is n't the right height -- it must be their bathtubs because it fits perfectly on my tub without the storage bag bunching or sagging . The only reason I gave it 4 stars was because the little rubber feet on the bottom of the stool come off when I lift the stool , so I do n't move it away from the tub . It could just be a problem with my stepstool , though .
 It is a great product if you are bending on your knees a lot to bathe children .
 This is a lifesaver . When giving the baby or in my case babies a bath , one can not expect to be completely comfortable . I was struggling with back issues until I got this . It has helped quite a bit . I have even incorporated a small squat routine using this aparatus while bathing the girls . Silly I know , but we have to find time to exercise somewhere .
 This works great in our master bath since we have an oversized tub and I need the added height this kneeler provides to reach/bathe my baby . In our other -LRB- smaller/lower -RRB- tub , I only use a towel -- since the step/kneeler would give me too much height and cause me to bend over more and hurt my back . So ... figure out if you need added height before buying this . If you do n't , go with a pad -LRB- or just folded towel -RRB- .
 I registered for this thinking it would be great for bathing baby . So far baby is really too little to bathe in the big tub -LRB- 4 mos . -RRB- BUT , this item was absolutely indispensable when I was first home and recovering from my C-section ! Without it I would n't have been able to get in or out of bed , the car , or a chair.As far as the reviews about it being too tall or problems with older bathtubs , my tub is about 85 years old , and I would n't begin to be able to reach the floor of the tub without this . Between getting high enough to reach over the side easily and getting a long enough reach to reach the floor of the tub , I have really needed the kneeler when I put baby 's tub into the big tub .
 Easy to put together and fits my tub perfectly . The part that suction cups to the tub does n't always stay in place but does n't slip off the tub completely , so it works well enough . Great value for the price !
 We got this product as a gift from the baby shower and it is one of our favorites ! we leave it up and have used this product every time we have bathed our child . This is one of the best gifts that we rec 'd and would highly recommend this to anyone .
 I couldnt disagree more with some of the other reviewers . This stool is great ! It feels sturdy and not cheap and flimsy at all . The stool has large gripers on the bottom of each foot to keep it in place . The suctions work fine . A good tip is to wet them a little before use . I love the little bag on the front for holding all the supplies . You can keep your hands on baby at all times and still quickly reach the soap or shampoo . It has truly saved my knees . With 2 kids and a third on the way this item was well worth the cost . I will be giving them as baby shower gifts !
 I love this product . It is great , my knees do n't hurt when I give the kids a bath anymore . I would reccommend it to anyone .
 This thing is great . Especially since I have a Japanese tub , which are very tall so it 's hard to bed over it to reach my kids to wash them . Unfortunetly the net does n't reach all the way but how many people have Japanese tubs ! I love kneeling on the stool and knowing when i go to stand up it wo n't be hard ! The elbow rest is great too . I highly recommend it for anyone with babies to bathe ! I would have given it 5 stars if the net reached .
 We have the one that is just the part for the tub with the mesh bag -LRB- no kneeler -RRB- . We like it . It fit our tub . We could fit a few toys and bath books in the mesh pockets on the inside of the tub , and could easily fit soap , shampoo , and baby oil in the outer mesh pockets . The only reason we quit using this was that when our one daughter hit about 9 mos . she thought it was really fun to yank the suction cups loose and fling it ... especially when we had our hands full with her sister . We 'll probably put it back on the tub once they find something new to throw about in the tub .
 We got this for the upcoming arrival of our daughter . But , the first time I used it was to clean the tub after my husband gave the dog a bath . IT IS AWESOME ! It 's very sturdy and has alot of padding . I love the arm rest , it came loose a couple of times but a quick cleaning of the side of the tub and suction cups solved that . I was worried when I read the other reviews of this product , but once I gave it a try I was hooked . Our daughter and dog will never have a bath again without it .
 This carrier is absolutely wonderful . I searched high and low for a carrier that was comfortable for my back and shoulders while carrying a very big baby . This carrier was the most comfortable front carrier out there -LRB- and I tested almost all of them ! -RRB- . It also allowed me to carry my baby until she was quite big , not just during the newborn phase like many other carriers . The way that it fit and wrapped made it look good on me despite the extra 25 pounds - other carriers made me looked like a sausage with my love handles pushing out . The front pouch is perfect and allowed me to often go out with my baby with just the carrier - I would put a couple of diapers , a small washcloth , a bottle and formula holder inside and off we went -LRB- I was surprised how much that little pouch could hold -RRB- . Finally , the little rain hoodie that 's inside the top zippered compartment -LRB- right behind baby 's head -RRB- was invaluable when we were out and it started raining by surprise - I was able to keep my baby dry or keep her little head/face from direct sunlight.I highly , highly recommend this carrier .
 I purchased two of these because they were so marked down and because they are organic and that means soft , and they really are . The color is not bright , very creamy since organic is never bleached which is a good thing.After I washed these they shrunk a bit especially the mitt , but I guess that is expected . They are made well , so I think they will hold up well through many baths . Would repurchase but not at full price .
 The dispenser provides a cushion for the faucet , so our daughter is a little less likely to hurt herself in the tub . It does n't do much as a bubble dispenser , but it does help with the jungle theme of her bathroom . Our faucet has a lever to change from tub flow to shower , so I used a drill to make a hole in the elephant . Reassembling the lever was a little tricky , but not bad .
 My toddler son loves this elephant , and it 's working very well . We have the kind of faucet that does not have the pull knob at the end , and it fits perfectly . It would not work on a faucet with a pull knob , though . It 's bigger than I expected and maybe a little embarrassing if your kiddie bathroom is also your guest bathroom , but it serves its purpose well .
 My kids really like this . Its a great idea . The only problem I have with it , is that it keeps slipping off the spout . I may have to buy something to keep it on there .
 This product does not work with shower diverters located on the bottom of the faucet . My fault for not reading the packaging well enough , but with some slight alterations it fits just right . The bubble bath dispencer leaves a lot to be desired though . Bath time is well over before the suds are dispenced enough to actually call it a `` bubble bath '' . It is great at protecting rammy children from banging their head on the faucet .
 I purchased this Elephant Bubble Bath Dispenser for a safety spout for our boys ' jungle bathroom ; it 's a wonderful bonus that it dispenses bubble bath -LRB- we seldom use this feature , though -RRB- . The boys have bonked their heads several times on the elephant , making me more confident that this was the right purchase to protect their little noggins ! We 've had it for more than 3 years and it 's still in perfect condition , no clogs , worn paint , etc. . It was a very tight fit to put it on and we 've only had to remove it once -LRB- to get to the shower switcher -RRB- ; my husband made a hole at the top so we can turn the shower on and off with ease . They should have made a hole large enough to fit the standard shower pulls , a simple thing to do on the design and manufacturing end . That 's the only reason I gave it 4 stars , although I 'd definitely buy it again . Our kids love pouring water in the trunk , watching the running water come out of the mouth , and just being silly with this little elephant . It 's a perfect safety spout and bubble bath dispenser and I 'm very happy with this purchase !
 This product is great and my child loves it . I did have to cut the back to make it fit onto my tub faucet but it was easy and you cant tell it was even cut .
 My son absolutely LOVES this faucet cover/bubble dispenser - it is adorable and makes great bubbles using less bubble solution . HOWEVER , be aware that in order for the item to fit over my faucet my boyfriend had to cut out most of the plastic inside and cut a notch into it for my shower diverter . BUT , after this minor adjustment , the elephant works and looks great and I am very happy I did not return it .
 hate your kids getting hurt by the tub fittings - do something about it ! these cute rubber animals do the job - bath time can be the most fun time of all , and this removes alot of the downside potential and stress ... my only complaint would be the water slops out of the mouth more than pouring , but besides that it is cute and effective . Thanks for this nessecary item designer folks .
 This is a great product . It stays on the faucet -LRB- especially older tub faucets -RRB- very well . It does n't fall off when the water flow is on high . My child is now 2 1/2 and we still use it in her tub . I would recommend this to everyone !
 I grabbed this for my niece who gets really excited during bath time . She likes to play and jump around and I was worried she 'd get hurt on the faucet . This was so easy to put on over the spout and she loves playing with it , and I can rest easy knowing she is n't going to bang into the faucet . Note - we have a standard bath spout and this fit over it with no problems .
 I got this just 3 years too late :-RRB- my boy is almost 4 ... but with another baby on the way we did get it and my son loves it , I 'm sure next one will enjoy it too . The water coming out of his mouth is cute , but word of warning -LRB- and one star off -RRB- is that it is made of pretty firm material so even though it is MUCH better than hitting your self on sharp metal faucet , it still might hurt your little one .
 My 1 year old is always moving and standing up in the tub . This product gives me peace of mind when he starts reaching , standing , and playing near the faucet . It does slip off with some wiggling , but generally has stayed in place . It is cute and makes me feel like my son is safe from a bad cut . Those sharp faucets can cause some damage .
 My little man would stand in the tub & play with the faucets . This fits perfectly & I was surprised by the fact that if you put soap down the trunk ... it makes bubbles . We have n't tried that ... yet. : -RRB-
 This was pretty much a necessity for our little man as much as he moves around under the faucet . The only con to this product is it 's solid , so we had to cut a hole in the top in order to be able to use the shower diverter . I would recommend this product .
 Ever since my daughter could sit up and play by herself -LRB- with my supervision -RRB- in the tub I have had this on the faucet . She loves it because it is an elephant and it disperses the water in a way that is not harsh and if you want to put bubbles in the tub ; an easy way to do it . It will also protect against a head injury if she were to fall against it .
 We had a difficult time getting it because of delivery complications but this is a great product . My daughter loves it so much we bought another one as a gift for a friend !
 This looks better in the picture but it worked best as a safety barrier so my boy did n't hit it by accident . Water ran through it ok .
 I bought the elephant bath dispenser for my 15 month old , she just loves it , she screams with excitement on seeing the elephant , it has helped turned bath time to fun time . The material is thick and fits the spout perfectly . I highly recommend this product .
 Bought this for a baby as a gift . Keep them entertained during bath time . Great way to protect them as we 'll as it covers the metal faucet .
 i 've only had it happen once but when i was running the water full blast the elephant came off . it 's i nice piece to have so i do n't have to worry about my baby knocking her head the water dispenset
 And it 's soo cute !! I love that she wo n't bump her head on the metal faucet , and she loves to play with it 's nose : -RRB- A must have for any parent with toddlers
 These plates are a terrific -LRB- BPA Free -RRB- choice for parents of toddlers . The are a nice size , the lids fit on them well -LRB- for travel or for storing leftovers -RRB- and they nest together nicely . I only gave them 4 stars because the plastic has n't held up well to our abusive dishwasher and microwaving . They have that white scratchy coating all over them now . But I think with normal use they would be fine . We 're not a very . . delicate family . : -RRB-
 I was looking for a decent sized , sectioned plate for my 1 year old to have at the dinner table and these were perfect . I have not used them to travel with but I do not think the lids would stay on the plates very well in that type of setting . They do work great for her leftovers though when I put them in the fridge . They are nice and slim and fit well into long skinny areas .
 I use these plates every day to pack my toddler 's breakfast and lunch for daycare . The sectioned plates are great for keeping the meat , grains , and veggies separated . The sections are sized correctly for portions . The lids stay on great . The liquids stay in -LRB- e.g. , if I send him to school with cut fruit -RRB- and the food stays in the sections . We put the plates in the dishwasher and microwave at the end of the day . They have maintained their color and shape for about 6 months now .
 I love these plates ! I bought them for my then 18-month old daughter when she started Mother 's Day Out in the Fall of 2009 , and we 're still using them now -LRB- April 2011 , and she 's three years old -RRB- . They 've held up well and we 've always put them in the dishwasher . I 've never microwaved them , however.The lids still snap on great and the sections are a good size and do keep the foods separate . One fits easily into my child 's 7 `` L x 7 `` W x 3.5 `` D lunch box with plenty of room for a sippy cup and frozen gel pack . I prefer the sectioned plates and find that I rarely use the ones that are n't sectioned . Honestly , I would prefer to have just sectioned ones.One thing that I love about them is that , because the lids are so easy to snap back on , the teachers at her Mother 's Day Out just snap the lid back on after lunch leaving whatever she has n't eaten in them . When I pick her up in the afternoon , I can tell exactly what she did and did n't eat , so I do n't have to wonder how well she ate there or rely on the teachers to remember and tell me .
 Beautiful color and the lids are great . My child loves the idea of plate of his own and the independence . The two plates with sections are very good for packing pre-school lunch
 The dividers on the segmented plates are not rounded so these plates are hard to clean . You 'd be better off buying the cheap plastic segmented plates at Walmart . That being said , the basic plates that are not divided are GREAT . I did n't really start using these plates much until after my son was older and had learned not to throw his plate since these have no suction to keep them in place . The lids are awesome for a finicky toddler because if he refuses dinner I can snap the lid on , pop it in the fridge , and pull it back out when he 's hungry . I originally gave this product a bad review , but I have a much higher opinion of it now that my son is older .
 We travel quite a bit by car and was n't quite sure if this would be comfortable for my son . The top part kinda wraps around the head and is great for laying his head sideways when he falls asleep . We also use a pillow that wraps around the neck for support during our travels so we do n't have to prop his head up with anything else . This is a great seat and my son seems to like it . I do have one issue with the cupholder . The cupholders are n't deep enough and easily tip over . I have other types of booster seats in two other vehicles we own and noticed this booster does n't have the arm rest , which my son likes .
 The brand Thermos is magnificent ! ... the best in it 's class !!! Unfortunately I was not aware how small this Thermos Food Jar was for my kid of 12 yrs ... so I went and bought a bigger one.happy Holidays ! All the best , abrazo , geo
 I bought this food jar because it can keep food warm/hot for 4 hours , AND it is stainless steel so you food will not get a plasticy taste/smell like some of the other food jars around . It is easy to clean and does not contain lead or BPA like most products do . I put pierogies in this jar hot and tested it for 4 hours at home and they were still `` warm '' but they were not in any liquid or anything-like a soup or other liquid -LRB- spaphetti etc -RRB- would probably maintain its heat better ! Pleased with overall product because of all of its features I found important-listed above .
 I have n't used this yet , because our baby is n't due until May . But , since I had n't seen this set in person , I was really happy when it arrived . It 's just what I was looking for and should complement the pieces I picked up in Kenya perfectly .
 The Animal Antics Crib Set is beautiful and the colors are great . It washed nicely . The different animals are made of a chenille material and they are adorable ! I am very pleased with this purchase .
 I bought these for travel and to cover unused outlets throughout the house . We have a 10 month old and so far she has not been able to remove them . I 'm not using them for outlets we use regularly , so I 'm not sure how easily they come out with frequent use ; but I have have used them in hotels and been able to pop then right out when we leave .
 The plugs actually work , I have purchased many other products only to have the baby immediately crawl over and pull them out -LRB- often more quickly than I am able to remove them -RRB- . They are more difficult for me to remove than other brands , as many of the other reviews have stated . This is a trade off though since most Items of child proofing that are easy for me to open or undo are usually also easy for the baby to undo or learn to undo . So in this case I do not view the difficulty in removing them as a negative for this product . I highly recommend this product , as I have a drawer full of others to compare with .
 They were so cheap I was worried they would not fit . I was wrong the fit all our outlets and gave us piece of mind . Thank you !
 These covers are not as thick as some others on the market , but just as functional . Definely worth it to skip the pricier ones .
 They work . Never had a problem with our toddler getting them out of the plugs but easy enough for an adult to get out for vacuuming , etc. .
 This product does what its supposed to - it keeps your outlets covered . They 're kind of a pain to remove when you actually need to use an outlet , but I think that 's sort of the point - they 're not supposed to be a cinch to remove .
 Does the job , covers the outlets . Our son has not tried to pick them off or anything . We also do n't have any issue removing them easily to plug something in . Good product , decent price .
 These are easy enough to get in and hard enough to get out that we put them all over the house . It helps when the grandchildren come .
 Do you have outlets ? Do you have a baby or babies ? Do you have babies that want to touch outlets ? If you answered yes to the first question , along with yes to either one of the other two , or even worse both , then this product is probably for you . These do what they say , they keep your babies out of your outlets , and that is generally a good thing .
 cheapy looking but they work fine , havent had a problem in a couple of months we 've had them . the baby has no interest in the outlets .
 We bought this about a month ago and the product does the job and the price is right . Good value .
 These are way better than those bulky plugs my son tried to take these out but he could n't . I totally approve of these .
 These plugs are very useful and are not quite as hard to get out as I remember from when I was a kid . Pretty cheap too , so not too worried about losing them .
 effective , do their job and not expensive . They are hard to get off when you need to use the outlet , but thats the whole point so your little one does n't get them off .
 These plugs are easy to use and they do what they shoukd - protect . They have perfect size so it is not easy to remove them so even I have to put some efforts . My daughter never interested in plugs so she never tried to remove them but I feel safe as even if she will one day , it will be very hard for her and absolutely sure not quick so I can notice that .
 This item was exactly as described and a great value for the money ! I would recommend this product any time !
 My daughter ca n't even get close to prying these plugs out . She gives up and moves on to the next thing .
 These are a little tight in the socket and a little difficult to remove . But I guess that is a good thing for what they are designed for .
 My toddle likes to put her hands into any small hole . I bought this and it really works . Good for the low-position outlets .
 I ca n't believe how inexpensive these were . Now I do n't have to worry about kids coming over and electrocuting themselves . Even if you do n't have kids but you have young children over regularly , you should install these throughout your house .
 These little gadgets are a must for a household with a toddler in it . They are bound to try to poke something in an uncovered plug .
 This product is great ! I was worried that it would be too easy for little hands to pry out , but it takes me a min or so to get it out so I know it is too and for my son and nephew to do it . I feel safer knowing the outlets are guarded and my little ones can get hurt by them !
 These out let plugs work good . They are easy to get in . They can be a little tough to get out , but I kind of like that since it means it is harder for the child to get out . Great deal for the price .
 Not much to say , except these do the job . While my toddler likes to pull out plugs , he has n't been able -LRB- or tried -RRB- to pull these out .
 My wife ordered these and this is what she thought : These plugs are easy to install and fairly easy to remove when needed . Our son is 11 months old and has not even tried to `` play '' with them yet . These are a definite must for baby proofing your home . I tend to use these on outlets that are never used because they can be a little difficult to remove and then they are small and easily misplaced . There are other products available for use on outlets that you need to plug and unplug things from on a constant bases . Over all , I would purchase them again and recommend them to anyone with curious little fingures in their house !
 It 's not like it 's a million dollar product , it does what it 's supposed to and is good at doing it ! My son and niece try sticking their little fingers and in and BANG ! NO ELECTROCUTION!My son gets angry at the thing and tries to pick at it , to take it off the socket and gets even more angered when he ca n't ! If you want to get your little ones mad , while keeping them safe , this is the product for you !
 These seem to be just as good as any other cover . We bought some of these and some of the Safety first ones that have the button for easy removal . We use these for outlets that simply do not get used and the others for ones where removal is frequent .
 I really like these outlet plugs , most of the outlet plugs are so flat that even when an adult tries to take them out so we can use the outlet we break a nail or hurt ourselves somehow . It is hard to explain but I like how my 1 year old ca n't get these out of the sockets but I can without an injury .
 These plugs work perfectly well , and they fit my sockets very snugly . I think the people who complained they fit too loosely probably had older sockets or something - there is no way my baby could pry them out . My husband barely can when he does the vacuuming
 These are the only outlet covers that our toddler has n't figured out how to pull out of the sockets yet . Thank goodness !!! I unfortunately bought more of the Safety 1st Press and Pull covers , which are easier for the adults in our home to put in and out . Guess who else they are no easy for too though ?! It 's more important to us that our kiddo is safe , so we are getting rid of the Safety 1st covers now and replacing them all with these ! I think they are a much better longer term solution .
 When my son started licking electric outlets , I knew it was time to baby proof ! These work very well . I have caught my son playing with the electric outlets and fingering the covers , but he ca n't get them off -LRB- thank goodness ! -RRB- . The good news is , with a little tugging , I can get 'em off for vacuuming and such . Solid product , good price !
 I was looking for something to keep my little one from sticking things in the electrical outlets . I was pleased to find this cheap package of outlet plugs . They are easy to insert and easy to remove . I will feel confident knowing that my little one wo n't be able to plug anything into the outlet with these neat little covers on them .
 These are basic plastic outlet covers that do exactly what they 're supposed to - stay in the outlet . In fact , I have a hard time getting them out sometimes .
 These do the job as intended , and do it well . In fact , I have a hard time getting them out of the outlet after I put them in . But that 's the point , is n't it ? Your kids will be safe from the powers of electricity when these are properly installed . Highly recommended .
 These work quite well and I am happy to recommend based on the following : - Easy to get in - Hard to remove - Not too noticeable once they 're installed - Price point is good .
 The second I noticed my little one reaching for the outlets , I jumped on amazon to get these primed over asap . A 36 pack is the perfect quantity to cover the whole house -LRB- three bedroom , dining room , living , den and eat in kitchen -RRB- . He has n't been able to pry these off and are easy enough for me to remove as needed .
 This little guys do the trick . They are easy to put in and hard to get out . For the price they are great . I do n't notice them in my outlets which is also a plus .
 Its really a great product , its so invisible that you dont realize that you have covered the sockets .
 This is a great deal on a great item . These are the standard plastic outlet covers we all grew up with and they still work just as well . Obviously there are many that come in the package but I find this to be super convenient . The large amount of covers allows me to keep some in my daughters baby bag for use on visits to other peoples houses and institutions .
 These are great outlet covers for low-use outlets . They are very tight , so if you have some outlets that you plug into/unplug often , you should probably consider a sliding or flip-type cover . You definitely have to shove some semi-rigid plastic pry bar behind them to work them loose ; fingers -LRB- even the adult kind -RRB- wo n't do the trick .
 This plug fits into the electric socket pretty well . Tougher for infants to remove , easy for us to remove . Really helpful . Had plenty of plugs and shipped fast as well . I 'm happy I made the plugs infant proof . : - -RRB-
 I tried two other plug covers before these and my toddler defeated them both in a matter of seconds . These plugs are great . They are much tighter fitting . I love them !
 Outlets no longer exist in our house . My little one started having a particular interest in shoving those chubby fingers into tiny outlet holes so I bought these very quickly . I installed them while he was n't looking and viola . . it 's like the outlets never exist . i never had a problem since . the trick is to never touch , remove or install them while your little one is looking . I have exposed outlets all over my house and this works like a charm .
 These are more difficult to take off by far . I have a heck of a time ... and that 's how it should be . I would definitely recommend .
 It does what it suppose to do . My 1 year old son can not unplug it out from the wall plate so I would say it is secure , at least for now . The quantity is sufficient for our 3 bedrooms townhouse . Also it blocks the cold air coming into the house from the outlet so it could potentially serves dual purpose .
 They work . Never had a problem with our toddler being able to remove these but easy enough for an adult to remove and use the outlet for vacuuming , etc. .
 So far , our 18 month old has not been able to pull these off ... and he has tried .
 These are the classic , two prong plastic outlet covers that have been around for years and work perfectly . They are exactly what you 'd expect , but this particular brand is cheaper than many of the others I 've found .
 this fits well and tight into the outlets . from the outside it has very slim profile and it is very hard for me to pluck it out and virtually impossible for toddler to do it . even older child would need tools for that . also , it is almost transparent so it does not attract much of my toddler 's attention , which is great . In a package comes lots and lots of plugs . Definitely would recommend !
 Its child proof and almost adult proof . Its a good tight fit and gives parents peace of mind . Well worth the money .
 I purchased these for my little cabin . Where I live is very high humidity , so I figured if I plug up the recepticles I never use , moisture wo n't get into them . I am not the air-conditioner type . Also , the coding required for outlets to be placed every so many feet and I do n't feel comfortable with water splashing or bedding to be in front of them . We get some wild storms here , and I just feel better having these in while I 'm at work . No children around , so that is not a problem .
 It 's funny - the hospital advised against using these types of outlet plugs . They said that baby 's little fingers can get underneath a corner and pull them off . Since I got these before giving that advice , I put them on and attempted to take them off . What a nightmare these are to get off ! It 's great that they do not easily come off so I do n't have to worry about my little one getting them off and either eating them or putting things in the outlet . I would recommend these to a friend .
 My 23 month old grandson was really stressing his mother , due to the fact that he could remove the child safety outlet plugs . He would take them out and stick them in his mouth . The problem was that he would do this during the time she was nursing the three month old brother . She tried everything she could think of to keep him from doing this.So , I went on-line and searched for difficult to remove outlet plug . I read the reviews about Mommy 's Helper Outlet Plugs . Most said it was difficult for even adults to remove these . I purchased a box of these for her . She replaced the plugs she had with these . They work !!! He can not remove them!At least now she can have peace of mind that she wo n't have to make an emergency trip to the ER .
 These do the job
 Does its job by covering outlets . So far my daughter has not been interested in the outlets so I have not had any experience with her trying to pull the covers off . I am able to pull them off when needed with relative ease . Great investment for the the price .
 What more can I say about this ? These stick in the outlets to protect your children from getting shocked . Does that perfectly .
 These plugs are nice and tight . My daughter can not get them out of the outlets . I also love the affordable price . Would definitely recommend to others .
 These are cheap and simple products to help child proof a home . Basically this plug gives you enough time to catch you child trying to get it off .
 Very easy to install , gives me peace of mind , thanks for this product ! Essential for the baby proofing process in the home
 These are not perfect since my 23 month old can still remove them . However , the fact that they are clear and thin makes him pass by them most of the time . And although my son can remove them , it takes him a little bit of work so I 'm able to stop him before he actually gets them off . Other plug covers I tried were offwhite colored and thick and very obvious , so they attracted my son to them . And because they were thick , his little fingers could remove them very easily .
 It 's a great product - it 's nice to get a package of 36 and not 10 or 20 which can happen .
 These plugs are very easy to install & uninstall when necessary . My son ca n't remove them & it gives me peace of mind when he is around any electrical outlets .
 I do n't know if these plugs work for children but they kept my curious little kittens safe . I have kept them in place just in case . Cheap & easy to use .
 These outlet plugs are a very simple design and work great . Rugged - not made out of a flimsy material . Snug fit into the outlets that our determined grandson can not remove . Fairly easily for an adult to take out when the outlet is needed for use . Plenty in the package to share with our niece who has a one-year-old . Nothing fancy here - just a reliable product that does its important job .
 Bought this based on other reviews and figured for the price of a coffee and cookie if this did n't work it would n't be so bad.They fit snug , so you have to use some force to pull them out . I was afraid a couple would fit loose , but all fit snug . They 're clear so ca n't tell they 're on.Love it . Recommend it .
 These plug covers are a great value . Far less expensive than the packages you find in Toys R Us , etc. .
 These plugs are easy to use and do the job . The new fangled products look like a pain and are probably no more effective than these . These are a good value for your money and you do n't have to waste precious time figuring out how they work and how you are going to install them !!
 The product arrived on time and no issues with the condition it arrived it . When i started putting this on all the outlets around the house , it fitted right in . Its not easy to remove once you put this in , but that is the purpose of this . It has transparent color making it almost invisible from far .
 Perfect for babyproofing . Much better than others I had used in the past because they are more difficult to remove -LRB- for my kids , not for me . -RRB-
 got and put into all the outlets so the baby would not get into them , works like they are suppose to
 Product does what it was intended to do . Price can ; t be beat either so why not buy them for your whole house ?
 I babysit my niece once a week . She suddenly had a affinity for one of my outlets that had a design outlet cover on it . I quickly decided that I needed to get outlet plugs . Fortunately/Unfortunately , I have 16 outlets near the floor in the two rooms I keep my niece wrangled in . The Mommy 's Helper Outlet Plugs 36 Pack was the perfect size and solution for this problem.The Mommy 's Helper Outlet Plugs 36 Pack is a great quantity and were affordable . The outlet plugs are clear , which is great because they do n't draw a lot of attention . They are easy to put in and hard to take out . Obviously , you want them hard to remove for babies/small children and they are definitely successful in that nature . They have a side that is flat that is suppose to help adult 's remove them . I 've had two adults remove them with no issue . Personally , I find them difficult to remove , but it beats the alternative.Overall , the Mommy 's Helper Outlet Plugs 36 Pack does its job perfectly . I would definitely recommend these to mommy 's , daddy 's , auntie 's , uncles , grandparents , and anyone else who is trying to keep little fingers and small toys out of outlets .
 This product works very well ! I must say it takes a little for me to remove the outlet plug so I know for sure my 10 month old will not !
 They are hard to remove , but i assume that is by design . Nice big pack -- plenty to fill all of the outlets at reach-able height in our house . Received it quickly once it was added to our order .
 These were fine . Functional , hard to pull out from the plug , which serves the purpose just fine . Although , iRecommend this product .
 Most hardware stores seemingly no longer carry these . Very basic product that does what it is supposed to do . No complaints .
 This is a very VERY useful product . It 's necessary to block all power outlets that are n't in use . Babies and kids are generally inquisitive , always poking things into outlets . One pack of these is more than enough to plug all those vacant sockets in the typical home.It fits tight enough to stop my boy from removing it while allowing me or my wife to easily get it out when we need to use the outlet .
 Not much to say about these . They fit very firmly into an outlet and they prevent most kids from getting them out . I find myself even using something like a knife to pry them out as it can be too difficult on some outlets .
 These little outlet plugs have been around forever . This particular brand is great , they are tight in the outlets so baby can not pull them out . Sometimes even hard for me to get out . . which is good because I would n't want baby to accidentally get them out . Plenty of plugs for the whole house , and clear so your walls dont look tacky . .
 They do what they 're supposed to do . I also do not have to struggle much to get them out but my 12 month old daughter can not get them out .
 What can you say ? They 're simple ... easy to use ... clear , so they 're hardly noticeable . Cheap , too . In some outlets it took a little work to get them in ... but to be honest , they 're outlets I do n't think I ever put anything into before . And you can pull them out as long as you have at least SOME fingernails or just use a knife or similar to start it . Once started out , just pull . No brainer . You do n't need to spend any more time researching this . Just get them .
 My wife and I are n't those overprotective parents that hover over our baby . -LRB- Watch , you 'll see me on the news soon ... uh oh . -RRB- Anyway , we got these electric outlet plugs and you ca n't beat them for the price . Great product . Keeps little fingers out of sockets . You can buy with confidence . Even if you are a helicopter parent .
 My husband and I originally bought the safety first pack of outlet covers -LRB- which my son figured out in 2 seconds flat , and then thought it was seriously funny to remove every one he could find -RRB- for a higher cost . We were fortunate enough to have a relative give us a few of this brand of covers to use in the play area that he could NOT remove . We are having a second baby at the end of November and one of my first buys was this product to cover the rest of the house!They are a little difficult for adults to pull out -LRB- yes , especially on newer outlets -RRB- , but that 's what is needed for tiny fingers ! Would recommend these over any other brand so far !
 There is nothing fancy about it . They work as expected . and stops kids from putting fingers in the plug . My only complain with this one is it just too difficult to remove them , i had to use knife/fork just to pull them out .
 We have these all around the house and they absolutely do the job that they are supposed to do . Great price on Amazon , too .
 I bought these to baby proof my house . They are very easy to install and they are made of a thicker more durable plastic . I am not worried about my 10 month old pulling these out . They are difficult enough to pull out that a baby could n't do it but yet still easy enough for an adult to pull them out without taking off a fingernail . I bought 2 packs for my entire house and it was plenty . I would definitely recommend these .
 Great productWe live in a 2 bed apt and my younger boy decided to stick a light sabre into an outlet so we purchased these . It can be hard to get off but this is a positive
 Just hard enough that an infant ca n't pull out ... but not too much of a pain for an adult to quickly yank out . Works great !
 If you push these all the way into the outlet , they 're hard to get out ! My daughter is 10 months old , so I 've gone around the house and put them in all of the accessible outlets . For the outlets that I use a lot , I pushed them in about 3/4 of the way so that she ca n't get them out , but I can get them out easily . Even with them only pushed in partially , she is n't able to pull them out , though that will probably change when she 's bigger . For the price , and the number that come in the pack , I 'm very happy with this purchase .
 Its easy enough to use and gets the job done and was inexpensive . I have n't had any problems with it yet .
 Something so simple and so cheap can just set your mind at e 's . Just plugged these bad boys in and boom all of a sudden mama feels much better when she turns her head with her little man .
 Any type of these work well , really . I 've yet to see either of my children pick them off . Though they are kind of hard to get off yourself when you get to get to the outlet .
 I had purchased a number of `` fancy '' outlet plugs . Many claiming to make it hard for a toddler to get out but easy for an adult to . My one-year old figured them all out and I was getting frustrated . Mommy 's Helper Outlet Plugs resolved that frustration . It is actually hard for my child to remove them from sockets and while it takes more effort for me to remove them , I rather that than my child be electrocuted . Did I mention they are alot cheaper than the `` fancy '' alternatives ?
 Extremely pleased with these little wonders ; white opaque nearly transparent color makes them hardly noticeable on the wall , easy to slide in , and once plugged ; amazingly difficult to remove even for me . . not to mention a toddler.Thanks
 I tried the fancier ones before I bought these and let me tell yoju , Do n't waste your money on those ! These are much easier , just pop in and out but not so easy that a child could get them out . I have a 3 year old and a new baby on the way . My 3 year old has tugged at these with no luck and he is very strong for his age . So , if he ca n't get them out , I do n't think any other young child could . Definitely worth it to just buy these , great value for your money !
 These are basic outlet covers . So far the baby has n't been able to pull them off . They 're unobtrusive so they probably do n't catch her eye .
 I was debating between these and the spring loaded ones . Glad i saved the money and went with these ... they 're hard for little fingers to get out -LRB- she tried once , failed , and lost interest -- story of my life , right ? -RRB- but i have n't had a problem either using plug prongs or my fingernails to remove them.I use these in every room of the house except her bedroom , where i sprung for the spring-loaded ones -LRB- ha - see what i did there ? -RRB- . I figure when she 's done with her crib and is wandering around the room when she should be sleeping , she 'll have more time to figure out how to remove the little plastic ones.Point
 These are tight and it takes a push to plug them in and a nail or key to take them out.As soon my 17 months old son realized that there is something cool in the wall he was able to take Safety1 plugs out , and kept bringing to me as a trophy ;-RRB- So far he did n't bring Mommy 's Helper yet ; -RRB-
 These plug into the wall easily and keep baby from sticking their finger in the socket . Great price considering the amount you get . I only needed about 15 so I just have plenty of extras . = -RRB-
 I would have liked for these to be a little more difficult to remove , so that is why I did not give 5 stars . But after buying one pack I did come back and buy a second .
 Does what they 're advertised to do . A bit difficult to get out of the socket when you need to , but this has a dual purpose in also being difficult for your child to pull out.I 'm a single dad , so do n't have the nails that would be needed - so I often have to use a knife or the prong on whatever Im trying to plug in to get these out of the socket
 This product provides safety from inserting objects , and it does not draw attention . You have to look very closely to know that it is there . It is very cost worthy .
 Inexpensive ones that fits tight , easy and nicely . Ca n't beat the price and they are just what they meant to be .
 Good plugs , hard for a toddler to get their finger in if installed properly -LRB- but not 100 % flawless -RRB- . They work
 We got these to put in all of our exposed outlets to keep our toddler from sticking things in them . They work fine , and he has n't started trying to remove them ... yet . They were inexpensive and serve their purpose .
 They fit well and keep the baby safe ! Great product with a low price , I highly recommend it !
 Ok guys the idea of using this is for kids not to be able to remove them and of course that makes us removing them a little difficult . I really like this product , it blends in very well with the light socket . I would definitely recommend this item .
 I tried fancier outlet covers but they just did not lock like they promised and of all of them ... this was the hardest for my child to remove . They cover all 3 holes and fit very flat against the wall . They even work great on our surge protectors !
 I am quite satisfied with these outlet plugs . They fit securely into the outlet so a toddler will definitely not be able to pull it out . I also think they are just easy enough for me to get out to use the outlet when I need it .
 These plugs worked well for me for a while . My 2 year old has somehow figured out how to dislodge some of them from the wall . I do not know how in the world he does it as some of them do not want to easily come out when I pull on them . It could be an outlet issue as well . For the most part they stay in place and do their job . I 'm assuming that their might be something off with an occasional plug in the packages that might make them easier to pull off.I would say for the most part they are properly manufactured and safe to use .
 These are not fancy , but they do the job . They 're clear and are very easy to install . They fit snugly so little ones ca n't remove them but we -LRB- the adults -RRB- have n't had any problems taking them off as needed . One pack covered our whole house .
 I have other plug blockers but they 're more dimentional and easy -LRB- ier -RRB- to get out than these . I wanted ones that nearly broke your nails to get out . Having a curious 10 month old , I 'm thankful for these . They fit tight , they are very flat , and VERY hard to get out -LRB- you do n't need to break out a knife to wedge them out or anything but they wo n't ever simply fall out or slide out easily - you need an adult 's effort -RRB- . They also are nearly clear so they 're not as obvious or ugly as some other options out there .
 I would say it is a must buy for every mother . Wonderful product . I am so happy I bought it .
 I purchased a set of these when I was living in my first house . When we moved , they were so good I went around the house and collected them so I could use them again . Two moves later I am still using the originals and have purchased more for the additional space . Easy to put in , easy to remove , and large enough so that they are not a chocking hazard . My child has sat and clawed at them but could not remove them .
 These outlet plugs are an excellent value . I did n't even realize my living room had so many outlets until the package arrived and I began to use them . Luckily , there are so many in the package that I still have many left over for when baby begins to hang out in the other parts of the house . The design is wonderfully simple , but works perfectly . If I need more outlet plugs , I will buy these again !
 Basic plugs and are enough for all the reachable outlets in a 2 BR apartment . At the price it makes for a great value . The package arrived in time and as described . The plugs are easy to use and need a flat head screwdriver to remove . I prefer that they be difficult to remove as I do not want the baby to be able to remove these . Would buy them again .
 Does the trick ! but keep in mind it 's not one of those covers that has a lid like design so you can leave it covered and when you need to plug something in just flip the lid open ? this one just covers the outlit so when you have to use the plug you got to pull on hard to take it off ! but I do n't mind , it keeps my child safe !
 These fit well into the outlet and are tough to pull out , but that 's good for little prying fingers that seem to be SO strong . Good value for money .
 What can I say ... nothing special about these outlet plugs . They are your basic , hard to take in and out plug . If your like me and have lots of outlets to cover and cant afford those expensive , fansy things , then these plugs are for you and they do the job just fine .
 Easy for adults to remove but not so easy that my 21 month old can do it . They lay flat and are clear so it does n't even look like anything is plugged in so my son does n't even get curious about them .
 They have been great ! We have a million of them throughout our house and my daughter has n't been able to pull out any !
 One pack of these inexpensive outlet plugs does the job for our house . Our home 's built in the late 1960s and these plugs fit the outlets perfectly
 For the price , you really ca n't complain . And yes , it is hard to take off once you plug it in the socket but at least this means your baby wo n't be able to take it out either !
 I have been disappointed to only find that there were only packages of outlet covers in small quantities . I have an average size home , but I think it 's pretty standard to have at least 2 outlets in each room and I do n't really use many of them ... . This is a very good package size , the quality is good and you definitely ca n't argue with the price ! I have been happily surprised !
 I 'm not really sure how in-depth I need to be here . We have a crafty 15-month old who ever since he was about 10 months could get those `` other '' outlet covers off . Since replacing them with these he forgets about the covers and now messes with things that are actually plugged in which is a whole different problem . The little fingers just do n't have the grip to pull them out . I do n't think they are a pain to take off when you plug stuff in but I could see how they would be annoying if you constantly had to . They 're pretty tight in there . These are the best covers out there , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I have tried several that my daughter has easily removed . These are the ONLY ones that she ca n't remove ! I even have a hard time getting these off if I want to use the outlet . Hands down best ones out there !
 simple function , simple product . correctly sized - they do n't fall out , toddler ca n't get them out , I have to use a pry-tool to remove them . So they work great ! very pleased
 My mother in law bought me some expensive outlet plugs to prevent my -LRB- at the time -RRB- 1 year old from messing with the outlets . Before she hit 2 we caught her taking all those outlet plugs out of the outlets . So when my 6 month old started crawling I decided to try out these reasonable Mommy 's Helper outlet plugs . And they are wonderful ! My now 3 year old can not take them out of the outlets . Which reassures me that my 6 month old will most definitely not be able to take them out !
 The shipment arrived on time and as described . These plugs are very useful in aesthetically blocking the outlet . They are transparent unlike the one i bought before . Over all , they are totally worth the money I paid .
 Was a little worried they would be too easy to get out . Not so . Maybe on an older house but I have one that istwo years old . Some plugs have never been used and they fit in tight and I have to work to get them out . Good purchase
 My baby does n't even look twice at these outlets . They 're easy for adults to take off but not for babies . And it 's a great deal .
 a must for grandparents !! ample quantity for all around the house where curious little ones might crawl . small price for lots of safety !
 Neat looking and easy to install . Good value for the money.Might not be enough for a big house though .
 The Good
 These seem to work very well . They 're not too difficult for me to get in or out , but my daughter ca n't pull them out , so its perfect
 Works as expected . reviews are correct . I need more ! My 6 month old is finding interest in plugs and these did the trick . How can you go wrong ? They are easily removed by me but my infant can not remove them . So , can they make them in black ? That would be my question as we have one room darker than the rest with black plugs -LRB- man cave -RRB- . Thats really not a problem though .
 For the price you ca n't really go wrong with these outlet plugs.They are extremely easy to install . It seems from reading these reviews the fit varies wildly -- cant either be extremely hard to get it out or easy , or something in between . For me , these plugs are somewhat difficult to get out but i can still do it without the aid of a tool other than my hands/fingernails . For now , while my daughter is still very young , these will work but as she gets older I imagine she will be able to figure out how to pull these out . Hopefully by then she will have lost interest in outlets -LRB- one can hope , right ? -RRB- If you find yours is very hard to get out , I recommend buying a few of these to keep around the house : Baby Buddy WedgEZ Outlet Plug Remover with 6 Bonus Plugs , Orange/ClearAnything else thin and non-metal would work , if you would prefer .
 I bought this for my son when he started crawling . This is ideal for the safety of toddlers . GREAT price too !
 I like this item mostly because their is no installation required and because its transparent cover do n't attract any attention towards it . Also give me a piece of mind with my 17month old who seems to want to stick everything from his toys to his tongue into my outlets !
 These were easy to install , and ca n't beat the price ! They went firmly into the outlets , so I 'm sure they wo n't be too easy to remove , but is n't that the point ? I just ordered another box .
 The whole point of this product is to prevent children from getting their fingers in outlets , and it does accomplish that very well . I was happy with how inexpensive this product was . However , I will say that they are very difficult to remove ... I have never had other outlet plugs so I ca n't compare , but it is tough to get these out when I need to use an outlet . But it can be done , so overall this was a good buy .
 These outlet covers are workhorses in the baby safety game . We recently moved from an old house where they were a lot looser in the ancient plugs - but my 14 month old still could n't pull them out . And now that we 're in a newer house , they are so tight that it 's difficult for me to get them out sometimes . But I 'm fine with that - I have no problem enduring a little inconvenience to make sure she 's safe . The good news is that after a while , she started ignoring plugs because she knows she ca n't get into them . Even at non-baby-proofed houses , plugs are n't as attractive as they once were . So these double as a training aid as well as a deterrent - I could n't be happier with this purchase .
 Package came pretty quick and looks good . They are extreme thin ! You still see the holes after insert . But , it does the job .
 At the begiingn they were hard to get out , but now i got the trick ... that baby does not even notice them as they are transparent and she is not attracted to go to the outlets .
 These plugs are pretty difficult to take out , even for me . They are actually a bit of a pain in the butt when I want to plug something in , such as the vacuum cleaner .
 I found these easy to push into the outlets and difficult for kids to remove so safety wise they are great . I do n't have long fingernails so it is difficult for me to remove them . The transparency help these to match any color outlet or switch plate you put them on .
 These work good . We tried the IKEA ones once , which are horrible as they come right out of the socket . Our 12 mo old had no problem removing them ! So I bought these , and they are very difficult to remove . I loves these because they are cheap and we can buy extra to take when we go to hotels or other people 's homes . Simple product , does the job , really good price .
 Made out of plastic . It is not too thin . Can be inserted and removed with ease by adults . Need to wait and check if DD is able to pull them out . After all she has just become a cruiser .
 I use these at home to cover outlets in order to protect my pets from potential hazards . I also use them in my grooming shop . This is a great value and the plugs fit snugly and smoothly . Obviously , they 're a breeze to install -- just pop 'em in ! I can rest much easier now that I do n't have to worry as much about my dogs sticking their tongues in outlets .
 These work great ! They are even a challenge for adults to get in or out ! I love how clear they are and do n't draw attention to the outlet . Great product at a great price !
 Does the job . Blocks the outlets so baby 's fingers do n't get in . I do n't have a problem with them being hard to get out because that means baby wo n't be able to get them out either .
 these are perfect ! they are a tight fit in our 7 year old outlets . they take a lot of work by an adult to get out much less a child . i think maybe the people who reviewed them as being too loose had older homes where the outlets may be different .
 Bought 2 packs through amazon with prime shipping and the package came in 2 days . Put them in all our outlets lower than counter height and two packs worked out just right for our 2 story home . Regarding , the ease of removing mentioned in some of the other comments , you probably want them to be hard to take off since that is part of the purpose of this item . At any rate they do n't seem all that hard to take out for an adult and you can just use something slender to pry it out if its stuck in the outlet . Worked perfect and keeps our little babies fingers out of the outlets . I also put these in open surge protector outlets . Although they do n't fit perfect you can overlap adjacent inserts and they still stay in the open outlet .
 Pros : Economy pack - has enough outlet plug cover for the main rooms . I would suggest a bigger pack for 2 story home.Design / look not bad.Competitively priced.Cons : Not very easy to remove from the plug.Design / look not bad -LRB- meaning - have seen better -RRB-
 these plugs are easy for adults to pull out , yet difficult for children to pull ... i have other ones that are almost impossible for me to get out , which can be frustrating . .
 I received these last week and in 5 minutes I had baby-proofed our living areas from baby fingers that like to explore every nook and cranny . These plugs fit snugly and securely . They cover all three holes of a grounded outlet . The plugs are easily removed by an adult , but do require a little focus to get behind the cover and remove them . The price is excellent for a count of 36 . These do exactly what they are supposed to do .
 These are the first kind that I 've ever used , so I do n't know any better . They are not very easy to pull out . I give them four stars because I wish that they were a little harder to get out . I think the more you take one in and out of a socket , they wear down and would be easier for a child to take out . Overall , I 'm pleased with my purchase . They work fine .
 We bought these outlet covers to keep our puppy from chewing electrical cords . She 's nearly 3 years old and had never done any cord chewing in the past , but one time is all that 's needed . We put the outlet covers in any outlets around her areas -LRB- bed , crate , etc -RRB- and there have n't been any problems since . The 36-pack is helpful so you can use them in many outlets that are n't being used . Great product that works exactly as expected , price is good , delivery was fast and easy .
 Not much to it . Fits my outlets , does n't shock me when installing or removing , and is a royal pain in the arse to remove which is great because the kids ca n't remove them .
 I actually bought these to further seal my outlets after adding insulation behind them . These covers are well made and stay in the outlets pretty tight .
 I use these to block cold air from coming into the house during the winter in a draft old house . These are perfect and cheap . If you are using them for kids , they are not easily pulled out , so good there too .
 These do n't break off in the outlets and they 're really &#34; in there . &#34; Our daughter ca n't get them out but if I need to get to a plug , I can wiggle my nail under the plastic and pull it out .
 They are super snug -LRB- almost too snug -RRB- so I do n't fear my son will be able to pull them out .
 We bought these for the obvious reason ; our 2-year old tried to put anything and everything in the outlets . Since using these he 's stopped . He has n't tried to remove these from the outlets yet , so we 're not sure how the would hold up to attempted removal , but the are good .
 I really like these covers ! They are a clear frosted color so they look nice . Most important though , they are a tight fit so my daughter can not pull them out !
 I like that they 're clear so as to not draw much attention to themselves . You also get a bunch for a good price compared to the other options out there . I 've found that the level of difficulty in removing these plugs really depends on the actual outlets . We 've used them in two homes and it was easier to remove them from older outlets -- probably because those outlets were more worn out .
 If a baby or toddler can pull these babies out , then they are more talented than I.Peace of mind is something I dont have much of these days , but these help .
 The plugs do what they are supposed to do . They keep kids fingers out of the sockets . They fit fine .
 I love this product . Keep your babies safe too . They fit perfitly . I love this product . Please try it for yourself .
 I started off getting a different brand and sure enough my 2 year old son popped them out of the socket in an instant . I turn around and got these and they work perfect . Kind of need a finger nail or something sharp to get them out of the socket but to me it 's way better then my son pulling them out . He tries desperately to get them out -LRB- because he wants to vacuum -RRB- but so far so good !
 They stay firmly in the outlet when ever the kiddos try to mess with them . Exactly what I needed . Would buy again .
 Fast shipment . Love the clear color . Are a little hard to remove -- but that means just that much harder for little ones to remove as well .
 I used these to plug some outlets where my dog likes to jump up on the wall -LRB- there is a counter above where his antlers are kept between chew sessions -RRB- . I popped these in and now I can have peace of mind - though I now have 34 that I done need/use .
 They 're clear and look great plugged in . 10 month old has lost interest in poking her fingers through the &#34; faces &#34; on the wall . : -RRB-
 This product is very helpful for keeping the cords out of child 's reach . We had the cord wrapped around the little metal attachment that you nail to the wall , but our daughter would unwrap it and have the ends in her mouth . The seller even sends an email that makes you feel like they 're there for you if anything is needed before , during , and after ordering . I recommend it for those that want their cords dangling , or bunched up in a extention cord fasion . It definitely serves it 's purpose .
 So important helps protect mobile babies so they do n't hurt themselves . Nicely priced and easy to install product . Would buy again
 It works . You wind the drawstring around the inner spool and snap the thing shut . Can come apart if you hold it while raising/lowering blinds , but it 's easy to re-install .
 Considering the price , these are great . I had no trouble with the 4 I bought . Only one clicked open while attaching it and it was easy to snap back together without having to redo it . Once attached they wo n't move , so these are n't going to be convenient for a window shade that is adjusted constantly , but they are exactly what we needed . I plan on buying more .
 I just received my order and the cord wind-ups work great ! They are so easy to install . I highly recommend this product .
 We have blinds in every room of our house and have anywhere from 3-6 cords on each set of the blinds . These work great and scrolling up the excess cords so my little ones ca n't get at them.They are so simple , inconspicuous , and safe . I have them in every room ! I would highly recommend !
 We love these -- Easy to install , easy to use and effective at keeping toddlers from jamming items into open sockets -LRB- though it still does n't prevent plugs from being yanked out , so vigilance is still required -RRB- . It takes approximately 2 minutes to swap this in for an old outlet cover -- all it takes is a screwdriver , no special tools or experience needed -LRB- just take normal safety precautions -RRB- . These are better than the plastic plugs because it 's still possible that your toddler can pry those off and perhaps choke on them.The outlet cover slides back into place when nothing is plugged in.Enjoy !
 When I came across these I ordered one to see how it worked . All you need is a flathead screw driver , you remove your existing plate cover and put this one in its place . They come with new screws that are longer to accomidate the thinker plate . Its great ! Keeping track of the plastic plug in style electrical covers was a pain . These outlet covers slide easily and they look really nice to boot . I ended up ordering a dozen more to do the rest of the outlets in the house .
 These outlet covers are fantastic , and I have put them on every outlet in my house . My 10-month-old tested them immediately , by crawling over and pulling out a nightlight that I had plugged in . The cover instantly snapped shut , blocking access to the outlet . Genius .
 Easy to install , easy to operate . Spring tension seems about as heavy as it could be to dissuade small fingers without making it too hard for an adult to operate . Slides do not bind , and while they add a small thickness of plastic between the plug and outlet , do not prevent secure insertion of the plug . Bulk pack came with several foam inserts to put behind plates on drafty walls . The foam was n't pre-punched with holes for the mounting screws - trying poke the screws through and insert resulted in foam twisting around screws , so it was necessary to use a hole punch to make holes in the foam ... but hey , I was n't even expecting the foam pieces at all .
 Replace your outlet covers with this simple but effective child-proof plate - just slide to use . It 's safer than plug-in outlet protectors which are choking hazards and my 3 year old has yet to figure out how they work -LRB- he can figure out almost anything -RRB- . Also , these plates are very modern and clean looking and will give your rooms a nice mini-makeover , especially if you 've painted recently and have old outlet plates .
 Best outlet cover for curious children and for the price . My 3 1/2 yr old son is very curious and still has not been able to figure out this product . With no holes to see he is n't tempted to try and stick something in it or pull out the old fashioned outlet cover .
 Someone else posted a picture describing the problem already , but just to reemphasize , the problem reported in the pictures in Jan 12 is still a problem in Nov 12 . In May I ordered these plates through Amazon -LRB- fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- before my twins were born , and they worked out great ! They fit perfect , items are easy to plug in , and honestly they look nicer than the plates we replaced too ! The gasket in the back is a great bonus also . When I ordered more plates now in Nov as the babes are on the verge of getting mobile , the order was fulfilled by QualityDeals instead , and as you can see in the picture Lydia ` sMama posted , the plates we received were loose in an unmarked plastic bag with the screws separate - the plates have different screw holes and no gasket . They are definitely not the same model , if even the same brand , and are not as nice quality . They do not fit too ! Clearly a totally different item . I have filed a claim against the seller to be reimbursed for these plates and will reorder through Amazon 's fulfillment .
 Installed easily with supplied screw.Well made construction , definitely has some weight/size to it - not flimsy plastic.It would be expensive to do a lot of outlets with these . We installed it on an outlet we use all the time . Otherwise we use the inexpensive plugs on other outlets .
 I always read the reviews before purchasing products on Amazon and I have to agree with the majority on this one - these are easy to install and effective ! MUCH easier to actually use the outlets when we need to vs. trying to get a finger under those cheap plastic inserts . I do n't have nails so I always had to use something to pry them off , which is not safe ! And the springs used for the sliding covers are strong so I do n't worry about my 1 yr old pushing them up . Great product ! I am ordering more !
 High quality product . Thick plastic . Baby can not slide the plastic cover over , but much easier for an adult to slide than trying to pull out those annoying plastic plug-in covers that then become a choking hazard.You do n't need one of these on every single outlet , but if you have a place in your home where you will be plugging things in and out on a regular basis , this is great . My husband plugs in his laptop and works at the kitchen table - so we have one of these on the outlet by the table , which is a perfect example .
 The outlet plate is of good quality , with solid plastic and good spring-back action on the outlet cover . However , as other reviewers have mentioned , the safety outlet is essentially a two-layer cover , so a standard outlet plate screw -LRB- 1/2 '' dome-head -RRB- will not usually be long enough to reach your outlet 's threaded center hole . Unfortunately these covers do n't come with a longer -LRB- 3/4 '' would do it , I used 1 '' -RRB- screw supplied , which they really should , as one does n't usually keep white dome head screws around the house.My outlet covers came in a small plastic baggie instead of the full packaging , which is actually great.Note
 I have slowly been replacing all the covers in my house with these outlet covers & have even given them as shower presents for new parents ! My oldest has not figured them out -LRB- 3yrs old -RRB- & they are still very easy for us to use ! Very happy with this purchase !
 At first I was concerned because some reviews mentioned problems with screwing these in since the screws on a standard plate are a bit short for this product . I was very pleased to open the box and discover that each plate also came with it 's own screw ! No issues here ! My husband I installed each one in a matter seconds !
 To my surprise , and contrary to other reviews , the extra long screw needed to install this outlet cover was provided . Bonus!The outlet plate installed easily , -LRB- one screw -RRB- and the sliding outlet covers are strongly sprung to make sure the outlet is immediately covered when its not being used.The cover is about an 1/8 '' narrower than a standard outlet cover , so if you are covering flaws with an oversized outlet cover , this product may not be for you.I would recommend this product .
 No complaints here ! Does what it should and seems to be well made . I installed these on the outlets I use most often -LRB- ie , for the vacuum cleaner -RRB- , and then put these little plastic covers on the rest - Mommy 's Helper Outlet Plugs 36 Pack
 Perfect way to have a safer situation so children can not pull out the pieces of outlet plugs and choke on them .
 My 1 year old , as I 'm sure yours is as well , is very good a problem solving -LRB- puzzles -RRB- . The crazy outlet plugs worked for about 30 seconds . This system requires about 2 min and a screwdriver to create outlets that cover themselves . No wandering covers to keep track of . I 'm a huge fan , and have used them for all my outlet needs .
 I ordered 4 of these to try out , was hoping for something cheaper but needed to try something other than the safety plugs , the young ones are figuring them out and other people in the house that use the outlets often forget to put the plugs back in when they are done.So the price is not bad and with supersaver shipping you can make out nice.PROS . . Installs very fast and easy , from start to finish you can have the old cover off and this one in place in 60 seconds.It works ! . Comes with its own screw that is a little longer than standard as required for this cover and it works great.High Quality , These are actually very high quality and look great , nice thick quality look and feel , Not the cheap flimsy quality I was thinking it might be . I am back here to order more for the rest of the house.Comes with a foam insert that works as weather stripping which is a bonus.CONS.Only one I came across and not a fault of the product . Our house was built in the 50s and still has old outlets , one of the covers after being installed did not line up perfect with the part in the wall so when I tried to plug something in the holes did not quite line up , the holes in the cover were just a couple millimeters higher than the holes in the outlet . But it was a simple fix ! I took the cover back off , slid the face over so the holes in the cover were open , then took a kitchen knife and carved the holes a little to make the holes a little longer/more off the bottom , then replaced the cover and it worked fine , no problem . But again that was an issue with my existing outlet and only one did that.So really nothing negative to say about these , I wish I got these in the first place , The plugs are a pain in the butt and the kids figure them out too easy.So I say buy .
 I have purchased several of these and love them . Originally , I bought a lot of the regular outlet covers and only of these but have gradually been replacing them as I determine which outlets I need to access . While they are not necessary for those outlets that are rarely used , it is a huge time saver for plugs that you use even a few times a week -LRB- vacuum , computer cords etc. -RRB- They also blend right in and you would n't know they were child proof unless you went to plug something in . Highly recommend !!
 We were introduced to these outlet covers when we had our house professionally baby-proofed . After while I realized I liked them so much more than the regular outlet covers . They look really sleek and futuristic , and they cover up the yucky painted-over plugs in our older home.I ordered 2 more after we had some work done in our living room that added 2 more outlets , and when they arrived I realized they also come with a foam pad that helps keep air out of the room , insulating the house more effectively . They look great , they protect the baby , and they help keep energy costs down ? Hallelujah ! I ordered 12 more and now all our outlets -LRB- including ones the baby could n't possibly reach -RRB- are upgraded with these covers.I do n't think I 'll ever live in a house again with the old outlet covers . These things are the best.NOTE
 Best plate covers we 've seen . The little caps always seemed a chocking hazard to us and others left the outlets not really accessible to all types of plugs . These seem to work well with all sizes and shapes of plugs and snap back into place as soon as they are removed .
 I was using those little plug in things but he has made it his mission in life to pick them all out . I purchased one of these , screwed it in and waited ... . Within 2 minutes he was over there checking out the new goods . Ha ! he is walking away . Ha ! I win . Ordering 2 more.Edit
 My 8 month old daughter just `` tested '' one of these plates for us and they came through with flying colors . the plates themselves are a sturdy plastic and come with a longer screw so you can -LRB- although the manufacturer does n't recommend it necessarily -RRB- put the plate over your existing plate . We had a couple of outlet covers that were painted onto the wall and all the exacto knives in the world could n't have gotten them off , so being able to cover the existing outlet plate and still have it work , was great .
 I bought some of these and also the KidCo Universal Outlet Cover to compare them . These worked much better for me - they fit up against the wall better , they 're sturdier , and they come with the foam gasket to help make a seal against the wall . It 's easy to insert a plug , but the cover snaps closed as soon as the plug is pulled . And , even though it has nothing to do with safety , I just liked not having the two loose `` buttons '' on the KidCo cover that would have popped out to fit a decora-style outlet . But order these from Amazon , not Quality Deals -- the Amazon purchase came with each cover in the original packaging , and had the foam gasket . The Quality Deals purchase was a loose cover in a plastic bag , and did n't have a gasket .
 I 've tried 3 brands of the sliding switch plates . These are the best . Our son pulled out the other types of outlet plugs . So we needed something more secure . Ours came with screws that were longer than typical outlet cover screws . They need to be longer since these covers are not as flat as regular outlet covers . Other reviewers had issues with the screws for some reason . These covers are large enough to cover any paint imperfections on the wall ... they hit the wall in exactly the same place as a standard cover -LRB- not oversized cover -RRB- . And once tightened , they do not warp or bow out in any way . Other brands did that to where our son could grab and pull on the corners of the cover and pull it . These do not do that . They lay flat and tight on our walls .
 We tried several of the outlet covers that you plug into the outlet , and found them to be very dangerous ! My daughter actually pulled them out with her teeth ! Then , once out , she would chew on them . She was always MORE interested in touching the outlets when the protective plugs were in place . So , I began to search for the best option . I found these and I love them . I have five installed in her play areas . She absolutely can not get at these . Another plus , these come with screws ! The screws that are already in your outlet plates would be too short , so in other packs -LRB- that do n't come with screws -RRB- you have to go out and buy new screws and make sure they are just the right length . These screws are perfect -LRB- although the paint rubs a bit if you over tighten -RRB- I will never buy another outlet protector again .
 These are really nice to have because the other outlet protectors you have to remember to put back into the outlet after you are done , which seems easy enough but believe it or not sometimes it is easy to forget when you are in a hurry . these slide outlets are stiff and hard to move for children . I do n't have to worry about plugging something back in . For some reason my 1 year old does not seems as attracted to this outlet vs the one that has the plugin safety . The other one seems more attractive to pick out . Great purchase and looks nice in the house as well . I also do not have to worry about someone else in the house forgetting to put the other safety plug back in . These are simple and safe . I am happy with the purchase . They are easy to switch out as well .
 This plate cover works ! When you pull a plug out , it slides into place and seals ALL the holes when closed . Other brands and types I tried do not work as well as this one .
 We purchased a few of these and installed them strategically around our house in areas that we often need to use outlets . These BY FAR beat the little plastic inserts that are in the rest of our outlets , but because of cost , we have both . The spring is pretty tight , and certainly does n't seem like it would be easily manipulated by little hands who would need to slide the cover all of the way over and then insert finger into the plug . It took my husband only a minute or two to change out the outlet plate.Overall-happy with this purchase !
 this is a great item ! much better than the Babies R Us brand and others . very secure , solves one particular baby-proofing challenge in spectacular fashion . highly recommended .
 Exactly what we needed to stop our 1 year old from playing with the outlet . Works much better than the plug in covers .
 Buy these , not the `` safety first '' ones from BrUs . These are about ~ 1/8 '' ?? thinner -LRB- so not as bulky -RRB- and the screws are long enough that you can actually screw them in to the wall -LRB- unlike the other brand , in which the screw is way too short -RRB- . Note
 We have purchased at least 20 of these for our house and they have been a great product . They are very well made , look great , and most importantly , keep our children from the receptacles . Highly recommended product .
 This is an incredible product ! These outlet covers are super easy to install -LRB- I usually shy away from anything that requires a screw driver or other tools -RRB- and esthetically pleasing . I wish I had known about this product 2 years ago when my daughter was born , but at the time we opted for the simple plugs , which not only look ugly , but also end up lying around all over the house . I had to find an alternative because my daughter wants to plug in the Christmas tree lights by herself and have found a safe option in this product . I 'm ordering enough for the rest of my house !!
 I LOVE these covers . They look nice and are easy to use . If your toddler unplugs whatever is in there , they just snap back so the outlet is still covered . Super safe !!!!
 I wish I had them for every plug . You do need to check your previous screws . I would give them 5 stars but the price is a bit high especially since they do n't come with screws .
 We 've had these in our home for a year & a half now and I am extremely satisfied with this product . I am in fact in the process of replacing the rest of my outlet-plugged rooms with these plates . Love them !
 This products works exactly as expected . There is one potential problem . before you buy , make sure you unscrew your existing plate and measure the length of the screw . It should be at least 9/16 '' , or else when you put on this plate the screw wo n't reach the threading . I found that some screws in my house were long enough and some too short , so I had to go to the hardware store and buy a set of extra screws to use these . Otherwise , the product is great .
 This product is a must-have if you need to baby-proof a house . Much more convenient than the simple plastic plugs you can stick in outlets . You can plug and unplug as needed without needing a screwdriver to remove stuck plugs . The spring loaded mechanism is pretty tight making it very hard for an inventive and strong toddler to slide the cover aside . Even if the toddler is capable of that , it would not leave a free hand to actually stick anything in at the same time . With the cover on it is impossible to stick anything in.To install , just replace the face plate of the outlets with these . They cover the original outlets , so no rewiring is needed . Screws are supplied in case the original screws are too short to accommodate the slightly thicker plates.There are some flimsy competitive products out there . So I made sure to get sturdy ones . These are pretty sturdy , allowing you to screw them on real tight without cracking or even bending them .
 Easy to install and covers the outlet entirely . Other safety faceplates I tried never covered the outlet completely and my son could stick a straightened paper clip through . Not this one ! They are very easy to use for an adult as well . : -RRB-
 We knew that we wanted this type of cover rather than the plugs , but we first purchased the KidCo brand . They look the same , but the plastic is thinner and actually broke when we screwed it on . Be sure you get the Mommy 's Helper brand , and these are great . We 've found that some cords do n't stay plugged in as well as others because these are thicker than the traditional plate . However , if you have outlets with cords plugged in continuously then you should get the covers that go around the whole plug anyway so that children ca n't pull out the cords .
 We love these for so many reasons . We did a lot of research on what to get and they were recommended by Consumer Reports , and we see why . We do n't have to worry about little plug covers that are choking hazards or get lost when you are using the plug . And if little one pulls a cord out of the outlet , these snap shut immediately and there is no danger . We also do n't have to worry about forgetting to replace the plug covers . I read a review somewhere that they did n't come with screws , and I was thinking I would have to go to the hardware store to get screws , but ours came with screws and were just perfect . They are slightly smaller than the old covers which is unfortunate if you have to do some touch up , but overall they are fabulous ! I 'm going to have to look for some Decora ones for the few GFI outlets we have , but I 've seen those online too .
 This is my favorite outlet cover . I wish they were a little cheaper , but they can be used for a long time . The `` Thermal Gasket '' , a foam ring installed behind the outlet cover , is a nice feature , not only are you making your house safer , but you are saving energy too.They come in white including the screw ; other brand/types seem to only come in a alabaster/ecru color . I used to be able to find similar horizontal plates at a local baby store , but now I am unable ; this is a great place to order them.They work well , DC adaptors fit in them , they seem reliable when opening and closing , and are not too obtrusive . The big advantage of this type of outlet cover is that you will not forget to plug back in the safety plug .
 Love this product - good price , easy to install , and works well . I 've only had one intermittent problem with the product , which I describe in the update at the end of this review.This product was easy to install and came with the hardware needed to do so - namely , a longer center screw . Two nice touches
 I like the design of this outlet cover that replaces a standard outlet plate . I think what 's better about this product over the plastic plug-ins that you insert into the plug is that if there is something plugged in , and a toddler unplugs it , this snaps shut so the outlet is protected . You can never have an open outlet using this outlet cover , and you never have to pry out one of those plastic plugs . We 've had a couple different brands of these , and this one seems to be a little more cheaply made -LRB- plastic bends more easily at the screw , slides are looser -RRB- , but it still works just as well .
 This a great product . My curious toddler is unable to figure out these outlet covers which is great . Every other kind I tried were really obvious so he was frequently trying to play with them . He does n't even notice these !
 This is perfect for toddlers who are amazed by the little outlet plug covers ... . he ca n't make this move at all and I can still plug stuff in when necessary .
 Nothing to say - works perfectly . Works as described in product review . Would buy again . nice product . thanks thanks thanks
 Really easy to install , they look nice , and they work . No worries that my daughter will learn how to take them off , no parts to misplace when I want to plug something in . You just use the plug prongs to slide the plate over and plug it in . When you take the plug out , the spring action closes it again automatically . Will definitely buy more of these for my next place and/or child .
 Tired of broken fingernails trying to remove those small , white , hard-plastic outlet inserts ? Try these plate covers . I have them on every visible outlet in my home ... and I am the grandmother . Never have had them break or fail to close . No child has ever outsmarted them at our house . Easy to install . Easy for adults to use the outlet . Not expensive and make great baby shower gifts .
 I very happy that I purchased these for all the outlets in our home . They fit perfectly on all our outlets and do n't even look that bad . I also have n't had any issues with plugging in items . They take a little work to open which is exactly what I want to prevent my daughter from accessing the outlet . What I love the most is not having to deal with the individual outlet covers -- pulling them out to use the outlet , putting them in a place where my daughter ca n't reach them and then remembering to plug them back in . Additionally , if my daughter pulls out a cord that 's plugged in , the covers automatically slide shut . In my opinion , they are definitely the best option for child proofing outlets .
 I purchased the white ones . I think they look good , and I love that the cover slides closed when you remove a plug . It is thick so you need to use a long screw , and it comes with one so as long as you do n't misplace it , you are good .
 We bought these for the play room - and we 're now buying more for the rest of the house . I 'm way too forgetful of a person to always plug those plastic ones back into the outlet after using it - so then that means there 's not only an open outlet , but something that my son is immediately interested in chewing . I only wish I could find this product in a quad option !!! We have 2 of those in the playroom ... it would be so much nicer to just have these on there !!
 I 've installed about a dozen of these throughout my house and am impressed with the quality . They do n't stand out and they are much easier to use -LRB- plug something in -RRB- when necessary versus the standard plastic babyproofing plugs which can also pose a choking hazard . So far my little one has shown little interest in these and hopefully it will stay that way . Careful when screwing in the plate as the screw head is made of very soft metal and strips easily -LRB- the paint chips even easier than that ! -RRB- . I definitely recommend these over plugs if you have the budget .
 After trying multiple types of individual outlet plugs we decided to order one of these Safe Plate covers for the most used outlet in each room . I 'm so glad we did ! I get to give my fingernails a break from trying to pry out the other plugs ! These work so well ... You just slide the covered portion to the right as you plug in your appliance . My little one has n't even come close to figuring them out.So happy with these !
 Good product , easy to install and safe for our exploring baby . I have n't tried any other outlet covers , but this one works great .
 I 've switched the whole house to these . They make great safety deterrents for kids and I highly recommend them . Easy to install , jus a screw driver and a couple of minutes .
 one person posted that you need a new screw size as the plate is thicker than standard - this is true but mine came with the longer screw .
 Our son was obsessed with removing the standard outlet cover protectors . He could take them out in no time , so this cover is exactly what we needed ! We knew he would be ok even if he unplugged something with these covers .
 I like these a lot , my only complaint was that they did n't come with any screws so it was irritating to have to go and buy those .
 We have a 2008 home one screw outlets . These fit great -- they cover the entire area that the old outlet covers did -LRB- no worries about touch-up painting needed -RRB- and the little covers slide smoothly -LRB- but not do easy that my child could move them -RRB- . I was worried that big plugs might fall out of this , but so far the only time a plug has fallen out was when the vacuum cleaner cord was plugged in and the cord was stretched too far.These look nice - they do not look like you baby proofed your house . And , they eliminate the need for plug covers that could become choking hazards if your child was able to pull these out -LRB- we have exclusively these in my child 's room for that reason -RRB- .
 These plates fit over the existing boxes in our nursery without any alteration . If you use a large laptop charger -LRB- Mac , for example -RRB- and find it difficult to get the charger to stay in , just use the top outlet .
 The good thing about these is if your child pulls out a cord that is plugged in , the holes will immediately be covered by spring action . Make sure you check your outlets for single or dual screws and order the correct ones . The only downside is they are thicker than most covers and as such the plugs must be seated well in order to get power , but this minor issue is worth the peace of mind to us . They look decent and are easy to use . Recommend .
 Perfect for covering those outlets to keep little fingers out ! The outlet plug covers really are only a short term solution . It 's not long before your little one figures out how to get the plugs out , and then , really , they are just a choking hazard . These come with a longer screw for a single screw installation . They also have a foam backing to ensure a snug fit . And if your house is older , as ours is , you may have different color outlets -LRB- ie , beige , tan , white -RRB- , and this product covers the whole outlet and no one is the wiser that they were different colors!Definitely buying more of these .
 These are awesome , i placed these in my daughters room and they work fantastic . I no longer worry as much about my kid messing with the outlets because these cover them perfectly . Of course you still need to supervise your child around any kind of outlet even with baby proofing but these work because since my girl cant figure out how to slide them over she gets bored with looking at them after a few minutes .
 The plug covers were great and were definitely worth the extra cost . My son could easily pull out the traditional plug covers . He can not figure these out and has quickly lost interest . They look nice and I like not having to take a plug out and remembering to put it back in when I use a plug . I have already recommended to several friends .
 I feel so much better knowing that the outlets in my son 's room have these outlet covers on them ! They were easy to install and are working great so far ! As soon as I had them on , I plugged in the lamp and wipe warmer we had plugged in before and they still work great ! Also , both of the outlet covers I have opened and installed so far came with screws that worked perfectly .
 It works well and I did n't have any problems with it fitting snug to the wall or making a connection with the electrical plugs . Two prong ones seem a little loose but they stay put just fine . I think they are a little pricey but for commonly used outlets , it is worth it . I think I will replace all the plugs in my sons room .
 These are perfect for our curious 9 month old . Easy to install and will give us peace of mind .
 I installed 19 of these 25 safe plates around our home in about an hour , or so . They work great ! They completely cover the standard electrical plates I had used before . The price is fantastic , and the product is exactly the same as the product I bought in a retail store for $ 5 per outlet . 25 was more than I needed , but now I have a few left over to use as a gift to others who may be starting to baby proof , or to baby proof a room at the grandparents house . It is still way cheaper than buying them individually or in 3-packs .
 This is EXACTLY what I was looking for . Outlet plugs ruin your plugs . I 've seen this in two houses we 've lived in ... they loosen the plug and things like a vacuum wo n't stay plugged in snugly . I ordered five and will be getting more.Some have commented on the length of screws needed to fit with it , but they sent screws with the plates , so this was n't a problem . The only small issue would be that it is a little smaller than usual plates , so I did have one outlet site that needs spackling because the hole was cut too big for the plate to cover . But that 's easy enough and worth it for a sliding outlet protector that works great !
 Highly recommend over the standard outlet covers -LRB- the ones you press into each outlet -RRB- . Easy to install and they look good too !
 I like these Face Plates , the plastic is durable and will last . They were very easy to install and the `` screw issue '' others have experienced has been resolved . I received screws along with the order and they fit perfectly . I do n't mind the price , I have seen others that were cheaper but they were not a durable . So you get what you pay for in this product.The company is green and send with minimal packaging which I like . They will change packaging if sending item as a gift just contact them with your request , nice touch.The only issue is my 2yr old figured out how they work as soon as I installed them!Even so I am keeping these Face Plates , they are nice to look at and they will present a challenge for my son to stick anything in the socket even if he knows how they work . So , order with confidence , you 'll receive a great product and a company that stands behind it . That is well worth the price for me .
 i love this bed set . it is soooooooooo cute . the only downfall to it is that the comforter doesnt fit the crib , it is too small in length , and too wide in width . the fitted sheet for it fits great though . when i went to buy it at the store located in vernon hills , il. , they me that they were going to discontinue this set , and wouldnt sell me thier floor model , so i had to go to the schaumburg , il store which was totally out of my way and a pain in the behind to get to . so if youre looking to buy it , call the store beforehand to see if it is in stock or if theyll sell their floor model to you .
 i started my baby registry today and when i saw this in the store it was for a mini sized portable crib . i was wondering if it would fit on a full sized crib ? thanks
 THIS ITEM IS OF GOOD QUALITY , COMFORT , AND THE PICTURE OR DESIGN IS VERY DETAIL.IT COULD BE USE BOTH FOR BOY OR GIRL , AND IT FEELS GOOD TO THE SKIN . VERY GOOD TESTURE.ONCE YOU START WASHING HAVE NO FEAR , NO EVIDENCE OF PICTURE FADING .
 I bought this about a month ago and I love the way it looks ! I take it out every once in a while to see how cute snoopy is and how soft the fabric is . I 'm due 8/2/04 and I 'm buying a new house in about a month so I have n't been able to see it set up or to wash it yet . I found endless matching baby snoopy items on dreamtimebaby.com < - the cheapest place yet , and on ebay . You may also want to try snoopystore.com . I have a whole nursery full of baby snoopy knick-knacks that I ca n't wait to put up ! I 'm very pleased with my purchase , not one regret . Totally gender neutral , which is great for me since the baby wo n't show us what he or she is .
 It 's so hard to find snoopy items . After shopping around and seeing a few different Snoopy bedding this is the best . I love it . My son can sit in his crib for an hour looking and the different designs watching the mobile spin and play music . I recommmend this to anyone that is looking for a snoopy theme .
 I love this crib set ! It 's really cute and is not as expensive as the other snoopy set -LRB- My little snoopy ... -RRB- the only thing about this set is that it only comes with the quilt , the bumper and the fitted crib sheet , the skirt and the diaper stacker are not included.I found mine on the internet ...
 What a great price !!!! this was the first purchase I made , and I am soooo happy I did . After searching endlessly I know I had to have this set . Being a single mom I have to shop around . Do n't let the price fool you . This is a wonderful crib set .
 My husband and I chose Baby Snoopy for our nursery theme . This crib set is very affordable and worth every penny ! When I got it home and out of the package it smelled like the plastic it came in -LRB- like all new products -RRB- . After one washing it smells great , looks great , the colors did n't fade at all , and it did n't shrink ! The sheet fits snuggly on the mattress , no gaping or pulling away from the underside , and the bumper is nicely padded and fits securely on the crib . The ties on the bumper could be a little longer at the corners , but they fit nicely around the large end posts of our crib and since they are shorter I did n't have to trim them . You wo n't be disappointed with this set !
 I got this baby snoopy bedding set the other day at my baby shower , I loooove the snoopy theme idea and the price was MUCH better then what they wanted for the others.I have yet to set it up though , need to buy the mattress still.I only gave it 4stars because I have yet to actually use it , wash it and all that dandy stuff - see how it holds up.but as is , I 'm sooo pleased with it :-RRB- Good price !
 I bought this set before my son was born because I am a big Snoopy fan . My son who is now 3 months old loves to look at it - I think it is the black and white contrast on snoopy . It always brings a smile . The only down side is that the one of the 2 sheets I bought did not fit properly and the material is a little rough .
 My husband and I originally were n't going to go with a theme for our newborns room , but when we saw this we just could n't resist . It 's so precious , and anyone who knows me knows that I 'm obsessed with Snoopy . At first I had the hardest time finding anything to go with this , like the dust ruffle and wall border ... I ca n't wait to order some more of this stuff as my baby seems to love it , he justs lies in bed sometimes and stares at the Snoopies all around him .
 I think this is so great because its so cute and it can be used as a nuetral.Its also great because i have sun , moon , and stars in my room thats why its great .
 This set is absolutely adorable ! It is also washes well . If you are looking for matching pieces , especially the dust ruffle , you can find them at dreamtime baby dot com . They have everything to match , since Babies-R-Us does n't carry the entire set . It 's a charming set for a boy or a girl !
 As soon as I found out I was pregnant I went online looking for baby bedding.This set was the first one I saw and I knew right then and there this was `` the one '' ! I think I have honestly looked at just about every other available bedding set since then , and none even come close.I have made or bought an entire room full of things to match , and I can honestly say this bedding has made my baby 's room the best I have ever seen . I ca n't stop going to the room just to look at it ! The price is better than all other sets , yet it is stilll high in quality . I have heard of other sets fading and not fitting the crib after they are washed . . not a problem with this set . A few warnings
 i saw this bedding set online and thought it was a cute set . so , i ordered it and when it arrived i was so happy . the colors are bright and cheerful and the quality of the product is very good for the price . now i have all the sleepytime baby snoopy products that i need , all i need now is that sweet baby boy i am waiting on .
 My Husband and I just got this set and we sure love it ! We are pregnant and do n't know the sex yet ... this will be great for EITHER ! I am really confused as to WHY ? that one review says it is not unisex ... EVERYTHING about it is cute for a Girl OR a Boy ... yes , it has a lot of blue , but so many other cute colors and I do n't believe a Girls room has to be pink , pink , pink . Do you ? If you think it 's cute in these pictures ... just wait till you get the set !!! Also ! This is a SUPER GREAT BUY a lot less than the other snoopy sets , but the quality is AWESOME!There 's Lots of other Baby Snoopy stuff online ... you can create an entire nursery theme around this ! ORDER IT TODAY !!!!!
 This bedding set is great.Honestly i thought that it was going to be bad quality because of the price but its really good quality , the colors do n't fade and it 's durable and cute!The only thing that upsets me is that it does n't bring the dust ruffle or the diaper stacker and babys r us does n't carry them so it 's hard to find something that matches the set.But other than that its a great buy .
 When I was pregnant I shopped around for the best bedding for the best price . I knew I would be doing the theme of my baby 's room in moons and stars , so this was perfect . It also has all kinds of accessories to match -LRB- mobile , lamps , wall borders and wall stick ups , etc -RRB- , you just have to browse the net a little to find them . My son LOVES to look at the bright colors and the black-and-white snoopys . Primary colors are what babies are most attracted to from birth , so the snoopy theme was perfect . He is 5 months now and stares at snoopy for up to an hour ! He especially loves the snoopy murals his mommy painted on the walls for him . Altogether a great set to go with !
 ... With the Sleepy Time Snoopy set , you get the essential 3 pieces , all for a great price . I fell in love with the Snoopy print right away . The quality is durable and the price , unbeatable . Remember mothers that babies grow up fast . It 's better to save that extra money for things he/she really need , like formula , diapers , and lots of love . : -RRB-
 I love this set and so does my daughter , who is now 13 1/2 months old . She 's had this set since the day she was born and I 've washed it quite a few times , obviously . It has n't faded and has only has gotten softer ! The bumper pads are as soft as the comforter , so she does n't hurt her head when she falls while walking in her crib . It 's way less expensive than most sets , too , but a lot cuter . It 's a great deal and a great crib set ... Just buy this set !
 When I saw this theme , I absolutely fell in love with it and knew I needed to get it no matter the price . I did some research on the internet and found it here . I was amazed at the priced which was cheaper than some other places . The colors are brighter than pictured , and the quality is great . You will be pleased with this if you chose Baby Snoopy . There are matching wall stickers and lamps available .
 This bedding pattern does not fade after washing and is applicable for a boy or girl . I am having trouble finding the dust ruffle . I wish the set came with it !
 I bought these , J & J , and Lansinoh shields to see which I liked best , and most days these are the ones I grab . Here 's a comparison : THICKNESS & ABSORBENCY
 I love these pads ! I had unbelievably sore nipples and was using comfort gel pads , which was great at first , but they 're so expensive ! A friend of mine gave me two of these pads , just to try , and I love them ! I thought there was no way they would be more comfortable than gel , but they are great ! These are thin , the lanolin makes it much more comfortable on your nipples , it 's not goopy -LRB- like when you try to apply lanolin on a dry pad -RRB- and they 're super soft . I have tried Lansinoh pads , johnson & johnson , and madela ; because I ca n't find first years where we have recently moved . Nothing compares to these pads ! Lansinoh is a close second . If you want a pad that 's thin and absorbent , Lansinoh are nice.First year pads are thicker and plusher , but they keep their shape , they are n't bulky , and they 're super soft ! Plus the lanolin in the pad make it much more gentle on your nipples . And you do n't get as cottony fibers stuck to you , as you do when you use lanolin and dry pads . Plus I leak a lot when I nurse and these have never leaked through or gotten messy . But neither has Lansinoh ...
 These nursing pads are amazing , they 're the only ones I 've found that are pre-coated with lanolin nipple cream , are very comfortable , do n't slide around , and do n't show under clothing . What more can I say ? No complaints .
 These nursing pads are so fabulous ! This is my third baby and I 've always had problems with leaking . I thought I was just doomed to be constantly wet and get up several times each night to change my bra and nursing pads . I tried these pads because nursing had been incredibly painful with this child and I was considering formula because my nipples were always blistered and cracked . These pads not only kept me dry but are very moisturizing and saved my nipples . I am so glad to be able to breastfeed my beautiful little girl !
 I have tried Lansinoh & Gerber pads and these are by far my favorite . I love that they are individually packaged -LRB- great for traveling as well as to have a spare in my diaper bag -RRB- . The Gerber pads were uncomfortable & the Lansinoh pads were too big , bulky & pink . Who wants to draw attention to nursing pads that accidentally peek out from your v-neck shirt ?
 These are so much better than having to put the creme on yourself . Works great ! I used for the first couple weeks of breastfeeding when you are more sore then I did n't need anymore .
 The First Years Lanolin Disposable Breast Pads where one of 5 different brands I tried while nursing . I had very sore and cracked nipples with my first child and nothing seemed to be comfortable enough to use . Because these pads had a natural lubricant on them , it prevented any sticking to my already sore nipples as well as providing a soothing touch.In addition , these pads are absorbent , I never once had an issue with leaking while working in a hospital with long hours . They are sleek and could never be seen under my clothes no matter what shirt I wore.I would most certainly recommend these to anyone and have given them away as gifts .
 These are really great because you do n't have to stop and apply lanolin . I used them in the beginning and again now that my baby has teeth .
 I have tried almost every brand of nursing pads and I think these are the best ones out there ! these eliminate the step of applying sticky lanolin if your nipples are sore . they are very comfortable and absorbant too .
 I received a sample of these and was thrilled to find them here on Amazon after not finding them in stores . They work great , especially during those first few weeks of breastfeeding when you are cracked and sore . A tube of lanolin is expensive , gooey , and painful to apply , so these breast pads really fit the bill . They are absorbent , but not as absorbent as the Lansinoh ones . I would have given it 5 stars , but on occasion I have a pad or two with sharp edges that I quickly replace .
 This has been my favorite nursing pad since I had my first child almost 3 years ago . The are light , portable -LRB- thanks to the individual wrapping -RRB- , and are the most comfortable I 've found -LRB- soft and contoured-not folded -RRB- . However , I have noticed a few changes that I 'm not happy with . Previously , all the individual packages were perforated for easy opening . Now , it is quite difficult to open them without it . I find myself fighting with the wrapper , pulling and stretching it , almost ripping the pad at times . They should change it back . Also , when I first used them , every pad was uniformly coated in the center with lanolin . Now , I occasionally find that some pads have little to no lanolin applied . Otherwise , I still think this is the slimmest pad out there . It 's discreet under most shirts and does n't get bulky once wet . At times , I have to check to make sure I 'm wearing them . Also , keep in mind these do not have any adhesive , but they have only moved on me literally once or twice during the night .
 This is a great product for nursing moms . It has lanolin on it therefore eliminating a need to apply directly to the breast . It 's thin and does n't show through most tops , but is very absorbent . They come in single packs which are simple to throw in the diaper bag for on the go moms too . I 've gone through three boxes of these and would buy more . I 'd also suggest them to friends !
 The lanolin really does come off onto your nips and helps with soreness . They are worth more $ $ than the regular ones .
 These are the only ones I will use - absolutely . I would pay twice the cost of these w/o a doubt ! They 're the perfect size , thin , contoured , absorbant , and the lanolin is comfortable . I would recommend these to every breastfeeding/pumping mom out there ! I only wish they came in a larger quantity and were a part of the subscribe and save program .
 As a new mom with a VERY heavy milk flow , I have tried several different breast pads over the last few months . Here is my overview of each : Johnsons baby nursing pads - 60 Ea
 This nursing pad is the very best ! I 've tried Lansinoh , J&J , Nuk and these ... The First Years . These are the best for your nipples and do a great job at absorbing leaks ! Wish they were sold at my stores here in OKC !
 These are the best nursing pads I have found and I have been using them for 7 months now . They are by far the easiest and most convenient ! I only gave them 4stars however instead of 5 because they are a little itchy around the edges when you first put them on but after awhile it is n't so bad . Its definetly worth the time saving and convenience ! Using these I have had no soreness and all that awful stuff I had in the beginning while searching for the best product for me .
 These are my favorite breast pads . They are not too thick nor too thin , they do n't show under clothes , and the included lanolin is great for soreness but without the mess or hassle of applying it myself . They are a bit less soft than some of the others , but I still prefer them . I also tried Lansinoh -LRB- my 2nd favorite -RRB- , Medela -LRB- do n't like these - bulky and scratchy -RRB- , Nuk -LRB- thin but non-contour shape bunches up funny under clothes -RRB- , and J&J -LRB- soft but too thick - I sometimes wear these overnight -RRB- .
 I would recommend this product to any woman out there who decides to breastfeed . They made learning to feed my baby much easier ! I tried using lanolin out of a tube but it was a pain to apply after every feeding . These do the work for you . Just pop them into your nursing bra and you 're done . My skin never cracked or bled with these ! I am so happy with these pads I am going to give them as baby shower gifts to every pregnant woman I know !
 I have tried a few different kinds and these are my favorite disposable . I mainly use the Bamboobies washable pads , but if I forget to do laundry these are great to have around .
 I really like these pads . The only thing I do n't care for is how thin they are . They are still really absorbent I just like the feel of a thicker pad . The lanolin is great though . I still use them for every other pad change just to get the lanolin . Would buy again.UPDATE
 These breast pads are thin and absorbent , and the lanolin has made a noticeable difference to my skin . I wear these during the work day so I do n't need to bring my tube of lanolin with me to get the benefit.I 've tried Johnson 's , Medela , and Lansinoh breast pads . Of those three I preferred the Johnson 's , which are quite thick but did n't look bunchy when under a thin shirt like the other two did . But they still saturated often . The First Years ones here are very thin , but perhaps because of the lanolin they do n't end up saturated and heavy.I highly recommend this product and I feel it 's worth the extra cost per breast pad . I still use the cheaper ones overnight but I 'll be buying the First Years ones again soon !
 These pads are super absorbent and the lanolin is wonderful . They are good sized pads and hold a lot of milk . I only wish they had a tape strip on the back to hold it in place . They can be seen through a tight shirt but it has n't bothered me because they far surpass the absorbency of any other pads I 've tried .
 I bought these because they were one of the cheaper versions . However , these turned out to my favorite . I 've had the ones in the purple box and another cheap box from the store . These are so soft and curve slightly to form a cup .
 I 'm a second time nursing mother and I am very glad I found this product . Other reviewers are correct that the amount of lanolin can vary from pad to pad , but I disagree that some pads have no lanolin at all . I am on my 3rd box , and that has n't happened to me yet . I try to use lanolin or another nipple cream after each feeding , but when I forget , my nipples still seem fine because of these pads . My favorite part is that because of the lanolin , they stay in place better at night . With my last child , the pad would sometimes slide over at night , and I 'd wake up with a soaked bra/shirt . This generally does n't happen with these , because the lanolin is slightly sticky , and so they tend to stay right where I put them . They are very absorbent as well . Overall , great product .
 After my baby was born and started going to town on my nipples they were really sore and these pads came in handy not only to absorb milk but to moisturize my nipples between feedings and to protect them from chafing against nursing bra fabric . These provide even more relief than air exposure , I use them every day .
 I have tried many pads before settling on these . I just ordered 2 packs . They are soft , the lanolin treatment does make a difference and they hold leaking quite well !
 We 're expecting our first child , so we 're probably over the top on our room decorating . The border is very brightly colored , so I was concerned that if there were different production lots in the shipment , the colors would n't match up well . Fortunately , when we did receive it , all the lots did match . The pattern repeats frequently enough that it 's easy to match without significant trimming or waste . It 's about like any other wallpaper border to install.Overall , the entire series of Animal Antics products have good color matching , and we 've been pleased with everything we 've gotten .
 Well i think that the title almost says all there is ! ... this stuff does a pretty good job of cleaning up the powerlung , easy to use all you do is add 1 cap-full to about a quart of water and your powerlung sitting in it and it does its job . . only thing is it seems really similar to regular soap , i almost think you might be able to get some kind of dye and perfume free soap that is safe for baby 's toys like a pacifier or something , although im not sure about that one i just know that that the powerlung people say buy this stuff because it is specially formulated to not damage the sensitive membranes in the powerlung , so for the price i paid for my powerlung sport i definitely do n't want to mess it up . . and its not too bad this much will probably last you around a year if you use it sparingly and honestly after that much time you probably need to replace your powerlung anyways if you 've been using it regularly .
 This product is simple and effective . It is useful beyond washing your Power Lung!PROS : - Works wonderfully for my Power Lung-Works great for cleaning my CPAP componentsCONS : - It could use a pre-measured dispenser-It could also use some sort of rubber grip around the bottle
 This car seat has been THE best thing we bought for our son . The time has come for us to move on and it is so hard to find anything I feel is as safe AND comfortable for him . Worth every penny !
 I plan to use this rather than a booster seat so long as he falls into all the safe height and weight guidelines because it is safer because of it 's support and 5pt harness . I 'll be sad when we have to give up this great car seat!We used it rear facing till he was almost 30lbs without any trouble.I love how easy it is to adjust the straps on this seat . The weather can cause wardrobe to differ so much even day to day that it is great to just be able to loosen or tighten it as needed.My son looks very comfortable in this seat - and very safe . I would recommend a Roundabout to anyone .
 I bought two for our twins . So far I am thrilled . The installed very easily for read facing and also very easily for forward facing . The babies are now 12 months old and I wonder if they will really fit in them until they are 3 or 4 , but the sales person insists they will . So far we are deilghted with these seats .
 This is by far the best car seat I have ever used . It is extremely easy to use and install . FYI - Consumer Reports rated this car seat the number two carseat in their extensive reaserch of convertible seats . I have been very pleased and sincerly have no complaints . For those of you who do have problems installing your carseats , or would just like a little assurance you should check with your local fire station who , in many states , are certified and trained to install all types of seats .
 I have three children and have bought several car seats . This is finally the one . It fits securely in my car , better than any other , the straps do n't tangle , and it is very comfortable for my daughter . I have had just about every other brand , but I would highly recommend this one , it is definately all it advertises and much more .
 This car seat is incredibly comfortable for my baby , simple to get him in & out of , and extremely easy to install . I love the padding , and the little velcro pieces that hold the straps down while you 're getting your baby out are a nice touch . My son , now 7 months old , hated his infant carrier/car seat from day 1 . Maybe it was because he was a large baby , but I have friends with smaller babies who had the same problem . He would scream and cry every time we put him in the infant carrier . The minute we put him into the Britax Marathon , riding in the car has been a dream .
 This car seat is worth every penny ! My daughter is 11 months old and is growing out of her infant car seat . I had planned to transfer her to my son 's old car seat -LRB- he 's 5 and has outgrown it -RRB- , but it would n't fully tighten down in our new van -LRB- a Nissan Quest - can only use LATCH car seats -RRB- , even after getting help from someone with more arm strength . I researched car seats on Consumer Reports and read many , many reviews . I am so glad I purchased the Roundabout . In addition to having a high safety rating , it was incredibly easy to install - 5 minutes and NO aggravation . It also has super features that make it very user friendly . The shoulder straps loosen and tighten smoothly , and the push button release and tightening strap are easy to reach , even in the rear facing position . The seat itself is very comfortable . I will definately be recommending this seat to the other two new moms in my family .
 We have 2 Roundabouts . One for my car , one for my husband 's . We would never buy anything else but Britax . It is so well made , and baby loves it ! It 's very cushioned , comfortable ! The Latch installation is a breeze . Also , other friends have complained about their children being able to unbuckle their car seats ... Not the Roundabout or any Britax for that matter . this seat has a great safety rating -LRB- per Consumer Reports -RRB- and is worth every penny ! Spend the extra money and get the best !!!
 Love it ! It 's the greatest ! I would absolutely recommend it over any other carseat ! We have had it for a year now . My daughter is 19 months and is always comfy in her carseat ... frequently falls asleep . : - -RRB-
 This is a great car seat . This message is just a warning for parents that have an older model Dodge Durango -LRB- and possible other SUV 's -RRB- . I took the Britax Marathon to the CHP to have them install the seat in my 2001 Dodge Durango . It can not be safely installed in the center of the back seat . The three officers spent over a half hour attempting to install it . They told me it could be installed on the left or right of the back seat , but it would not be as safe . Yikes . Apparently , the seat design of the Durango prevents the car seat from fitting over the middle section of the back seat properly . -LRB- I have the 40-20-40 split seats -RRB- . I then went to Babies R Us and they tried out almost every car seat there ... no luck . We are left with a few choices
 I just purchased this seat -LRB- rear facing -RRB- for my 9 month old son . I read all of the shining reviews but I was surprised more people did n't comment on the installation . I took this seat to our local police department to be installed and when they saw the seat I had , they said `` oh , boy . '' This seat is made for European cars and requires -LRB- to be installed correctly -RRB- that you use the tether . `` American '' cars do n't have this feature , so you have to make some compromises . I have a Toyota Highlander SUV and the car seat is wide which made it impossible to install in the middle seat and it could not be installed using the LATCH system in the side seats so we had to use the seatbelt option . I 'm sure this seat works great but god forbid I ever have to reinstall it while it 's still in the rear-facing position . Hopefully it will live up to the hype .
 We purchased this seat for our 6-month old when he outgrew his Evenflow infant seat -LRB- which he hated ! -RRB- . The seat is very easy to install in any car , though the lap/shoulder belt installation seems to be more secure than using the LATCH . We have a Toyota Camry and Toyota Tundra truck and we purchased one for each vehicle . Our son goes to sleep every time he 's in the seat and his head never slumps . He 's in the 97th percentile and has LOTS of room to grow into this seat . Great investment !!!
 Excellent for a tall baby . Extremely easy to use . The design is engineered to meet the European safety standards which far surpasses the US . This one fits better in our sedan than the infant car seat . Bravo to Britax for the Roundabout !
 Well I 'm a first time Mother , and i take alot of the things i buy for my son serious . I think a Car Seat is one of the most important things you buy for your baby . So when i needed to buy a car seat for him i looked at alot of different kind of seats . I made the mistake of buying another brand before i bought the Britax roundabout . Thank god i decided to take the other car seat back and buy the britax I LOVE THIS SEAT !!! My Son is so comfortable in this seat he just falls to sleep as soon as he 's in it , not only is it comfortable it was pretty easy to install.I know it 's expensive , but i think it 's worth every penny when it 's for your kid .
 I love this car seat . We first bought a Graco and returned it . The reason for it was because when it is rear facing the lever to push and the strap to pull were not reachable . With this car seat the button is not covered by the back of the car and the strap is easily rached .
 Our son outgrew the infant car seat after 6 months ... After doing some research on convertible car seat , my wife and I liked this one from Britax . We put our son in it in the store and he looked fine and comfortable!We got this seat professionally installed at the police station and the lady who installed it said this one is the best in its class ... All good , but we understood the downside of it a little later ! My son threw up on the seat ... We had to come back home , remove the cover and washed it ! The cover has to be hand washed and lined dry ... Of course it took 24 hours to dry it ! Had no choice but to sit and play with our son and watch TV ... Got some household pending tasks done though that Sunday was a waste!This seat is so nice , I do n't want to replace it , but for the fabric , Britax need to provide a machine washable cover!Point to be noted , if you want an extra cover for the seat -LRB- from Britax , not machine washable -RRB- it 's about $ 50.00 . Could be handy -LRB- expensive though -RRB- when you are on a trip ! I am yet to find a good generic machine washable cover for this car seat . I saw a couple on eBay ; do n't know if they would fit Roundabout .
 After doing much research to find the safest car seat out there for my daughter - price should n't matter when it comes to safety - I found that the Britax is the best . My 17 month old daughter has been in it since 10 months old and has always been very comfortable . The only down side is that the SUV that I have has the LATCH on the ceiling so every time I look through my rear view mirror I see the straps . A little distracting , but at least I know my daugher is safe . Now I have a 4 month old and will be purchasing another Britax car seat fro him , so I will have two sets of staps hooked on to the ceiling . At least my children will be safe . I love this car seat .
 I have four children , three of which are still in carseats -LRB- 2 1/2 year old , 11 month old twins -RRB- I love the roundabouts , they are safe and comfortable , for toddler , baby or even a newly born baby!At BRU we were possitive that we would purchase two more Triumphs , they werent too expensive , and were safe . But once we heard about the roundabouts , we KNEW we had to get them . They looked great -LRB- contimplated purchasing three actually , until we realized our daughters triumph was fine -RRB- and they were rated HIGHLY in crash test ratings ... So we have 2 different brands of carseats in our car , but for saftey you cant beat it!We have used these seats since DAY ONE with the twins , with our daughter we used the Triumph since she outgrew her carrier . Its easy to install with the LATCH system -LRB- assosiate at BRU installed it -RRB- or easy to install without -LRB- I have to do that when switching carseats from my car which has LATCH to my husbands which doesnt -RRB- . Either way the carseat is adjusted to fit very tightly and securely . It has NEVER ruined the leather seats in my mini van , or the fabric seats in my husbands explorer . They are easy to adjust the settings of the straps and they can even be held out of the way by two pieces of velcro on the sides of the carseats -LRB- dont irritate the boys though -RRB- The roundabout grows with baby up to 45 lbs ... thats your average four year old , but if your willing to spend more , the Marathon -LRB- also by Britax -RRB- holds up to 65 lbs . The seats fabric is plush , comfortable , easy to wipe up , and easy to take off and put in the washing machine . I love the ease of moving it to different cars , and I ADORE how safe they buckle in!Its not a question over price , but rather one over saftey ... The roundabout ensures that your baby will be safe in the car , so choke hard on the price tag and purchase one for your precious cargo .
 We just bought this seat for my son - he is 5 months old and is very tall for his age - he 's about 27 inches now . He outgrew the infant carrier by the time he was 4 months old , but I hated to part with it , so I put off buying a convertible seat for a month . I did extensive research and the Britax was the only one that seemed to get consistent good reviews , and the other thing that sold me was the safety rating , the best around.Luckily I had a seat to return that I had gotten at a baby shower , so that offset the price of getting the Britax by $ 100 , but it would still be worth it paying full price . This seat is amazing . SOooooooo easy to install , even though our car is older and does n't have the latch system . The material is high quality , I was very impressed . I also love the velcro tabs on the side that hold the harness apart for taking baby in and out of the seat . Very nice feature especially on hot days , and also the ease of adjusting the tightness/looseness of the harness ... just the push of a button ! When my husband came with me to buy it , he was at first drawn to the other car seats that had all the `` bells and whistles '' but I convinced him to go with this one and he is glad he did ! This seat is so secure in our car , it does not move ... unlike our infant carrier base which had a tendency to slip and slide a bit . Our son is so comfortable in it , and when he falls asleep , his head does not flop forward like it did in the infant carrier , which I love.We go on vacation next Sunday and it will be a 10 hour drive , and I would not be looking forward to the drive with a baby if it were n't for this car seat.This is one item where you are n't paying extra just for the name brand ... you are getting a quality , ease , and comfortable seat that is so worth it !
 I purchased this carseat when my daughter was 9 months old and outgrew her infant seat . I shopped around and it came down to two Britax products , the other being the Britax Marathon . I chose the Roundabout because although I have an SUV , the Marathon just seemed too large and bulky . I am so glad I chose the Roundabout ; it is the perfect size for a mid-size SUV and my daughter has plenty of room to grow -LRB- she is now 15 mo. -RRB- . The cover is easy to remove and washes really well without it wearing and the seatbelt is easy to work with -LRB- the velcro straps on the cover makes it easy to keep straps out of the way and untwisted -RRB- . The biggest plus is the high safety ratings on this seat . You can never put a price on that . Well worth it !!
 I am an obsessive car seat shopping mom . I have purchased 6 car seats in the past two years for my two kids and two cars . Not only did I thoroughly research all the brands and models , I asked the dozens of women I know with children about their car seat experiences . Britax comes out worlds ahead of all other seats . I have also owned the Cosco Alpha Omega -LRB- horrible problem with the straps tangling and baby 's head falling forward , HUGE mistake purchasing this one ! -RRB- and the Graco ComfortSport . While I 'm sure they will keep my baby safe during a crash , they lack several crucial elements
 We have 3 roundabout car seats and love them . Once the children were older we attemped other brands because of price , but ended up buying another roundabout . It is very easy to install and un-install -LRB- that was a problem with another brand -RRB- . It also cleans up very well . Hope this review helps .
 ****************************************** Well , it was time for our baby to move-on-up to a carseat and out of her infant carrier . So we went to Toy-R-Us and put her in every carseat they had available . Guess what , this Britax is the only one she did n't complain about . All the other carseats -- she would twist and writhe , and struggle to get out.The Britax cradled her so she felt comfortable and secure . So we left her in it for a while and we looked at strollers nearby . No peep from her as she observed us from close by . People walking by were asking US about the carseat , and we just told them , `` Putting her in the various carseats was the best measure to see which one works for her '' . I `` sold '' a few Britaxes to the young couples who were searching for their perfect carseat.Sure , the Britax is pricey , but it 's well made , soft and cushiony , and it has an easy recline handle . You ca n't really see it in the pictures Amazon provides , but I quickly noticed that the harness buckle has a big , soft padding surrounding it , so the buckle does n't rub or chafe baby 's tender thighs and crotch area.The latch system of this Britax is quite fancy . The side latches are contained in what looks like seatbelt buckles , complete with red buttons to depress . This makes it easy to push and latch it on to the hooks of your car . Kinda hard to explain , but the Britax Latches were easier to latch on to my car than the Graco latches we have for our twin toddlers.The carseat is light enough for me to carry on the airplane . Compare the weight of this -LRB- 16 lbs -RRB- to the Britax Marathon -LRB- 32 lbs -RRB- , or Eddie Bauer carseats -LRB- around 20 lbs or so -RRB- . Also , there is a metal horizontal bar that I use to grab on to when I am transporting the carseat . It sure makes it easier to carry than trying to cradle the entire seat with both hands , or grabbing the seat by its harness straps.This is purely convenient , but take notice of how the box that the carseat comes in opens up
 I purchase this car seat after my daughter , 5 months old -LRB- 16.4 lbs . and 26.5 '' long -RRB- outgrew her infant car seat . After doing extensive research and going into a local babies r us I decided to spend the additional $ 60 and go with this car seat . I do n't regret it at all , its worth every penny . This car seat is `` car seat for dummies '' I 'm using it with the latch system and its was in the car within three minutes . Living in the city and parking in the street this is an advantage because I have to place the car seat in the car everytime I 'm going out with my daughter . Adjusting the strap is a piece of cake , with the button in the front you could access it from rear facing position . I 'm glad with my decision and thank everyone that posted their review it made my decision very easy .
 I really liked this seat from the moment I saw it online . I currently live overseas , so I was n't able to really get a good look/feel for seats before actually buying . That so , I had to do a lot of consumer/safety record research as well as rely on reviews of other Britax owners . I was extremely pleased as soon as I received the carseat . I immediately -LRB- and easily -RRB- installed the carseat in my car!I 've now had the seat for approximately 6 months , and although I was happy to spend the money on something I knew was a good product , I 've never been so relieved to have gotten such a SAFE product until this past weekend , when my family was involved in an auto accident in which our car was hit by a truck on the highway . Because of manufacturer 's instructions regarding carseats involved in accidents , we have to buy another seat . There has not been one doubt in my mind that we will be ordering another Britax - as far as I 'm concerned , this company 's product helped save my daughter 's life
 When it comes to our children , it is our obligation to keep them as safe as we can , purchasing this seat when my son grew out of his infant seat was non-negotiable . My son is now 3 and he and I both love this seat . Although the cover says it needs to be handwashed I have always put it in the washer and dryer with no problem .
 I have this car seat and the Marathon . I like both for different reasons . If you have a smaller car -LRB- or a smaller child -RRB- , go for the Roundabout . Britax car seats are the best you can buy - and when it comes to the safety of my child in a car , I 'm all for the best . If the cost of this car seat is stopping you from buying this , do n't let it . I bought mine for $ 169 -LRB- w / free shipping -RRB- by `` shopping around . ''
 I had registered for and got the Triumph 5 car seat . I registered for that particular one because it had close safty ratings to this car seat and was less money . Once we started to use it when my daughter turned 9 months we found it was less money for a reason . The carseat started to give us trouble after 3 days of use . We started to have trouble releasing the straps.Evenflo uses a knobe and lever to system to tighten and release the straps and after 2 weeks the release mechanism flat out broke on one side rendering the straps frozen . I had just come out of the mall and I was unable to lossen or tighten the straps to put my daughter in the seat . If my daughter was in the seat when the straps locked we would to have cut the straps to get her out . We had to buy a new car seat to leave the mall.We had wanted this one originaly so we spent the extra money . We love it . It is much easier to use one button to release the straps and a cord to pull to tighten them . It was a breeze to install and so light I can lift and carry it with one arm . I love the velcro on the side that holds the straps in place when they are not in use it makes getting the baby in and out much easier . The padding is so thick , plush and soft . We returned the Triumph5 and got a second roundabout for my husbands car . My mother bought one for her car as well because of how easy this it to install and use . She has the baby alot and had a base for her snug ride , but was unsure about the Triumph because it was so heavy to lift in and out of the car . She has arthrits and also did not think she could use the metal locking clips on the seat belt but the roundabout has the built in locking clips on the side that you just snap shut instead of trying to fit them over the tightened seat belt . She has no problem installing this car seat and taking it out when she is not using it . All around a much better value for the money .
 I love this carseat so much . When I first bought it I was worried that I went overboard with the price but when I hear about complaints that others have , I know I made the right choice . I have had this seat since my daughter was 9 months and have used both RF and FF.First off the carseat fits great into any car and is very easy to install . I am very strict about how much the carseat moves around in the car . For FF , All I have to do to install this is put my knee in the carseat to ensure it is pressed against the seat and then tighten the seatbelt . The seatbelt latch on both sides of the carseat holds the seatbelt in place . It takes me about 2 minutes to put in . And I am 6 months pregnant with my 2nd now.For RF , it is just as easy except now you have the latch system to secure it even more . So no knee needed.Harness is great also . It NEVER twist and is very easy to adjust to the bulkiness of her outfit -LRB- winter months she wears more clothes -RRB- The lock is great because it is easy for me to do but very hard for her to do . I have heard some kids are able to do it but I think they have an older model.I love that it reclines . Although this feature is for the infant , I use it to install the seat in smaller cars . If I do have a hard time installing it -LRB- the seat moves around too much for me -RRB- then I put the seat up in the upright position and after I buckle it in , I recline to get make it a little tighter . Works GREAT !! VERY EASY TO CLEAN !! The cover comes off and is machine washable which makes life very easy . This is one of the top complaints I hear from my friends , that they ca n't keep it clean . The cover is VERY easy to remove and put on and it takes me only minutes to do it.I know that this is a pricey carseat but the way I see it is a good carseat is about $ 150 . This is worth the extra dough !
 I have two Roundabout car seats , one is nearly 7 months old , and the other is around 5 years old.I have a 4 year old daughter , and 6.5 month old twins , one Roundabout was my daughters old one , and the other is a new one -LRB- both in Grey Wicker Print -RRB- . I love how easy it is to install these car seats with the LATCH system in my minivan , or even transfer them into my mothers car without using the LATCH , yet the Roundabouts hold strong , and sturdy like a rock . I love how the car seats cover matches my interior , and also provides comfort and safety to the child who is inside them . The straps are amazingly easy to buckle , in fact my daughter likes to `` be a mommy '' and buckle in one of her brothers , which she is able to do flawlessly , as am I and my husband . Its easy to open , so easy that my daughter managed to do this by 3 years old , which we didnt worry about because by then we were already searching for a booster for her . -LRB- by the way you can go with a Roundabout from birth to toddler-hood , and then a Compass Folding Booster , rather than the pricier Marathon . I say this because I suspect that you would need a booster after using the Marathon , but only for a short while ... that 's basically my reasoning for purchasing the Roundabouts , because when you purchase a booster after a Roundabout its actually used for a while , unlike it would be after your child outgrows the Marathon -RRB- . I love that the straps , and recline positions can be adjusted with the car seat tethered/LATCHed into the car , and the seats fit well rear-facing as well as forward facing . I have even FLOWN with one Roundabout , and both . They fit well in airplane seats , but in the rear-facing position the seat in front of the Roundabout can not recline ... most people are generous and understanding , but I would suggest trying to sit up front ! The seat holds up to 45 lbs , although my daughter `` outgrew it '' before then , since her brothers were `` on the way '' and since she was able to unbuckle herself.I love the Roundabout ... Its reliable , user-friendly , and defiantly heirloom quality ! A great purchase and defiantly recommenced !
 I love this carseat . I wish I bought it first . I bought a Eddie Bauer 3 in 1 and hated it . I also had the Evenflo Titan , and my son out grew it by 17 months . He is tall 97 % . We also got the the Graco comfort sport as a gift . WE liked it but not as much as the Britax.I have wasted so much money on carseats . Please take my advice and by the Britax Roundabout . I bought one for my husbands car and then I went out the next week and bought one for my car . We love this seat and it is worth the money . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My son is 5 months old and has already out grown his infant seat . I started researching convertible car seats and came up with 3 that seemed to be well liked and tested well ... the Britax Roundabout , Evenflo Triumph 5 and the Graco Comfort Sport . My husband and I headed off to Babies R Us to check them out . If you have a BRU near you , I suggest going . The BRU near us has a car/van bench seat that you can try the car seats on before you buy them . I was concerned about the price of the Roundabout , but after trying them all out , it was by far the best . Without testing them ourselves , we may have purchased a different carseat . But the Roundabout was so easy to install and to take him in and out of . I wish I had bought it sooner .
 This seat fit perfectly into one of our cars that has LATCH ; in our 2001 Nissan Altima we could not fit this , or any other car seat , without use of a leveler . Be aware that the shape of the rear seat on your car can make as much of a difference .
 Buy this carseat ! It is worth the money . I read consumer reports and they said that the safest carseat is one that fits in your car , and is EASIEST to install . The Britax has a bigger hole for the seat belt , making it easier to install in any car , and also easier for people with bigger hands -LRB- like daddy -RRB- to install . Also , the base fits nicely on the seat of my car . I have an SUV and WAS using a cosco/eddie bauer . The cosco/eddie bauer has such a wide base , that it extended past the edge of the seat . I did not think that was safe so I went out looking for a carseat that would fit nicely on my seats . THe britax is perfect . I will never purchase another brand as long as I 'm reproducing .
 This is a great car seat . I have one other and a Bodyguard booster seat . They are expensive , but so is my cargo in my opinion.Equipped with the LATCH system which stands for Lower Anchors and Tethers for Children . This Anchor system is wounderful feature , it makes installation so much easier , especially if you ever have to switch the seat into another car that is also equiped with the anchor points . Some vehicles do n't have the anchor points which would require the standard seatbelt installation.These anchore are 2 locking devices , one on each side of the car seat which clip install into metal loops which are factory installed on some vehicles inbetween where the back of the seat and the bottom of the seat meet . You can feel them or see them if you dig or spread the cushion . Check your service manual for the location.You simply push the achors and snap them into position . Then just kneel on the car seat and pull the tethers tight . removing is a simple push of a button.The Versa-Tether , which keeps the seat from tilting forward or backward is a nice additional safety feature . Again , with vehicles built with the tether anchors installed . You do n't need to use the anchors but if you can it helps anchor the seat.The seats are rather large , make sure they fit before you just buy one . You can do that by testing one with a local retailer . I 've found that getting a comfortable reclining angle while rear facing to be harder . It 's easier forward facing , but those are based on my own vehicles , that can vary so again , you should try before you buy.I 'm overall very happy .
 After reading hundreds of reviews , we decided on this seat . It has a crash test rating to 60 mph , the British requirement . The US requirement is 30 mph . I do n't know about most of you , but once we get out of the neighborhood , we 're no longer doing 30mph . The reviews added to this fact made us opt for this seat . Our son is comfortable , the straps never get twisted like they did in his infant carrier , it 's easy to adjust even with one hand when he has on a bulky sweater one day and a t-shirt the next . We have another one on the way , and this time , it 's just a matter of which fabric to select . I have ZERO complaints about this carseat and I feel very safe having him in it while we are out and about town .
 We have the Roundabout and an Evenflo Triumph 5 and the Britax trumps the Evenflo by far ! It is super easy to use and install and is extremely cozy for our toddler ! It is worth every cent spent ! The seat is also extremely lightweight if you need it to be portable -- or for carrying through an airport , etc. .
 I read the reviews about the Britax Roundabout over 4 years ago before my first son was born , and they were excellent . I have since purchased 2 of these seats , one of which we 've been using for about 3 years now , and the second we 've been using for almost 2 years . They are great and are still in excellent condition !! I do not have the LATCH system in my vehicle and the Britax Roundabout is about as easy to install as it could ever be . Both the shoulder belt locking clips and the versa tether make this car seat so sturdy and tight that I do n't worry about the seat coming loose without the LATCH system.I also have a Graco seat that I purchased for my husbands car because it was much less expensive and I did n't want to have to move car seats back and forth , and the Britax is substantially better . The 5 point harness on the Britax is very sturdy , where the Graco seat belt gets twisted very easily and seems much flimsier . Needless to say , I now switch my carseats when I need to tote my kids in my husbands car because I think the Britax seats are so much better.Bottom line
 We bought two of these for our twins , mainly due to reviews I read and its safety rating on Consumer Reports , and have no complaints so far . We started with them rear facing and found the installation pretty simple . The forward facing position was even easier . It did take me a little while initially but once you do it , it 's really easy to do it again if you need to move the seats.My only complaint is that it 's a little difficult to remove and then replace the seat covers if -LRB- or when ! -RRB- they get really messy . And the first time they spilled milk on their seats , I took them out and was annoyed to see that they said handwash only . I took the chance and sent them through washing machine on the handwash cycle and they were fine . I 've done it twice since and also lightly dried them in the dryer.It 's very easy to adjust the straps and getting the girls in and out of the car is very easy . Overall , I would definitely recommend these seats . -LRB- And although we have not tried this yet , I 've also read that all britax seats will fit on an airplane . -RRB-
 I love this car seat . The fabric is nice . The straps easily adjust which matters right now because we are transitioning between seasons and sometimes my daughter has a jacket or sweater and sometimes not . It got the highest safety ratings everywhere I checked and of course that is the most important thing . It was also much easier to install than I thought . I had it installed at the fire station but had to take out . I decided to try myself instead of taking it back to the fire company and I was able to install it .
 I love this car seat and it very safe and sturdy especially compared to relative and friends ' carseats . When properly installed with latch system , it will not budge . The car seat becomes part of the car !!! My 23 month old loves the seat and has been in it since birth and my new baby will have one also . I never felt comfortable with those travel system that click into the car and can be easily removed to become a baby carrier . This car seat is the best for safety !!
 I 've read a couple of reviews that I disagree with . First , someone mentioned the seat cover is not machine washable . My Roundabout seat cover has been washed -LRB- and air dried -RRB- many times , so no problem there . Second , the latch system is so easy to attach and tighten . Something must have been wrong with the one a previous reviewer mentioned . I found the latch straps easily , loosened them so that I could attach them and then sat on the seat and pulled up . It 's that easy . My son is almost 4 and still fits in it . Although , we will be getting a booster soon because of his height .
 After a less than stellar experience with my son 's infant seat , I really researched his convertible seat . This one is the only one that consistently performs in safety tests . This compnay makes airplane safety products too and is the # 1 maker of safety seats around the world !! Yes , the price is a little high , but totally worth it . I feel very secure when my son is in this seat in my car and I love that it can be tethered to the cars structure for extra support . I always had trouble getting other seats tight enough in the car , but not this one . It is very easy to install and my next baby will have the new Britax infant seat .
 I just love this carseat . it is easy to install and beautiful , the cover feels so soft . there is so much padding . it is like my daughter is riding on a cloud . i just love this seat !
 She finds it quite comfortable and falls asleep within 10 minutes of me putting her in it when she is tired . It is very easy to put in your car -LRB- especially if you have a latch system -RRB- and the straps are pretty easy to adjust as well . If I had to say one bad thing about the seat is that sometimes I find it a little difficult to snap the bottom part of the belt into the position between her feet . It 's a little low down and you really have to push the buckle down into it to hear the `` click '' . Otherwise , the seat was well worth the money -LRB- and it 's also rated very high on safety -RRB- .
 This is the second car seat that I own and it will be the last brand that I will ever buy ! I also have the Alpha Omega -LRB- not recommend -RRB- , and it does not even compare to the Britax Roundabout . Instillation was extremely easy and quick . It is also the safest car seat on the market according to consumer reports ! -LRB- Britax has the top two convertible car seats -RRB- It has safety features that are above and beyond federal standards . We are expecting our third child soon and we will be getting another Britax . I ca n't say enough about this car seat and brand . Do n't make the same mistake that I and others have made by getting anything else . This car seat and brand is number one for a reason .
 Love this carseat . We had returned another brand shortly after purchase and took a chance and spent the money on this one . My son has always been a large baby-maxing out on the growth charts and he fits well in the seat - he jumps right in and tells me where the buckles go and lately has been trying to buckle it himself -LRB- he is 2 . -RRB- We were able to use the latch system - I believe if your car is 2003 or older you should have the brackets for the latches already in place which makes installation a breeze . We are expecting our 3rd and will be purchasing another Britax without hesitation . It is well worth the money .
 I really love this car seat . I bought it because we have a Subaru and it fits well in the back seat of a smaller car . I have used other car seats -LRB- Graco , Costco & Evenflo -RRB- and I find the ease of use and installation for this car seat fantastic !
 I chose this car seat because it is a Britax and because the Marathon seat would probably be too large for my mid-size sedan . Indeed , the roundabout is a good fit for a car with limited back seat space . And , the grey wicker matches the black leather very nicely . Most importantly , my son seems to sit comfortably , and I feel assured that Britax is a safe brand .
 I recently traded my daughter 's Graco Snug Ride in for the Britax Roundabout . WOW ! This seat is so incredibly easy to install in so many different cars ! The price is more than other seats , but , with this seat , I do not have to buy a `` spare '' for my husband 's or grandparent 's cars . SO , the extra money spent is still less than a second seat . I pride myself on being a `` car seat enthusiast '' who tries to keep up on car seat safety and installation . I 'm telling you , this is SO EASY to use ! The padding is PLUSH and so comfy to my baby -LRB- at least I think ! -RRB- . Also , this is one of the first seats I 've used where the straps do NOT TWIST !!! WOW ! There is also a `` belly pad '' that protects the crotch area of the baby - another bonus feature . Britax also has an incredible reputation - they are by far the best in their recall history AND , in the event of a recall , they do it quickly , appropriately and make it as easy as possible for everyone . I love this seat and encourage anyone to look into it .
 Had the Triumph 5 and returned it for safety reasons . Purchased the roundabout and had it installed with the child strapped in in 5 minutes . The Roundabout has been a dream ! Easy to use , install and VERY safe !
 Ok ... we have a Mitisibushi Galant ... and size was a huge issue in what next size car seat would fit in our car without obstructing the view of the back window.My orignial idea was to get a Britax Marathon ... then I read consumer reports which ranks the Marathon at number 10 . Then I decided to get the Evenflo Triumph which was number one.I met a girl who has the Britax Roundabouts for her two kids so I was able to see them in person . They looked to be the perfect size to fit in the back seat of my car . So it was from there which car seat I would go with . Later I started to consider the Graco ComfortSport car seat for sake of money.We went to BRU to look at them in person , see the real size ... then decide which ones to buy -LRB- and if cheapest there , leave with our new seat -RRB- First I look at the Marathon ... its HUGE ! Holy cow ! Then the Triumph ... Jeeze its even BIGGER ! Then the ComfortSport and its just as big as the triumph ! Holy God how in the world was I gon na put a car seat in my car ? Then at the end of the isle is the Britax Roundabout -LRB- # 2 in consumer reports -RRB- and as it was in my friends mini van ... its the perfect size for a car.We bought this one and took it home ... it fits wonderfully in our backseat . The recline feature does not interfer with my husbands driver seat being as far back as he needs it . You can see over it through the back window ... does not obstruct anything . And its the easiest carseat I have ever installed . Its extremely easy to adjust the straps without having to fuss with anything in the back . Also it has clips that hold the seatbelt locked in place ... I used all my strength and did not manage to budge her car seat.I feel very pleased with my annoying 4 month long car seat shopping quest 's outcome . I feel I have defentially made the best decision and do not grimmace what so ever at the $ 199.00 price tag on that seat ... the way it did n't budge when I tryed to rock it made me very very happy with its security .
 My husband and I knew very little about carseats and early on in our research we kept hearing that Britax seats were the best . In the end we bought the Roundabout and we could not be happier ! Our son grew too tall for his infant carrier at the ripe old age of 4 months so we needed a convertable seat for him earlier than anticipated . The Roundabout is plush and comfrotable , not to mention being one of the safest seats on the market . I drive a VW Jetta and the seat fits nicely in the middle . The rest of the backseat is tight but getting two more people in there is doable . We have a Graco Comfortsport in our other car and while our son likes both seats , there is a huge difference between the two . The Roundabout was fairly easy to install and it is easy to adjust the straps.I love it and would but another in a heartbeat .
 Just wanted to share that we have the Britax Marathon for our nearly 2 year old , and have two covers for it -- both of which I have machine washed 3-4 times . Regardless of what the Britax website states , we have had no problem with cleaning them in this manner . I am a busy mom of 3 , and do n't have time to handwash the carseat covers in the event that an * accident * occurs . Anyway - just wanted to share in case there are any concerns out there . We could not be more pleased with our Britax , and would STRONGLY recommend it to all . WELL worth the $ $ $ !!!
 My son went to a convertible carseat at 3 1/2 months and we first purchased the triumph which was nice but very wide and did not seem to offer much support . I brought both triumphs back and purchased two roundabouts . After 1 weeks I purchased another for my mother in law . My son never complained or cried while in his seat . If he did not fall asleep he sat there playing and looking around . Make the investement the first time instead of having the headaches later on .
 My 19 month old was just turned around a few months ago , and is now forward facing in his Roundabout!PROS - Love how easily it installs with the LATCH , maybe 20 minutes ? - Very sturdy , highly rated by consumer reports - A very easy to use height adjustment , you just peel back the fabric . Adjusting the tension is done with the easy to use lever - I happen to love the harness . Its comfortable , protective , and very easy to use . It also is never tangeled - It fits well in the rear of my mid-sized SUV next to my infants SnugRide - The fabric is plush , and easy to wipe clean . Its also easy to clean via washing machine . - Reclines very well rear-facing and gives children leg-roomCONS - Not as safe as the Marathon - No infant support for little babies - A bit on the heavy side for transporting between cars - My son sometimes gets a bit sweating while on a long , hot drive while in the Roundabout - Replacement covers are A LOT of money ! - Only holds 40 lbs , wish it held 60 . All in all I highly reccomend this carseat , because its easy to use , safe , and comfortable . A definate must-have !
 I purchased the Britax Roundabout carseat -LRB- Denium : > -RRB- 2 weeks ago and love it ! It is very easy to use , last week me and my 1 year old daughter took a 6 hour car ride and she seemed to be very comfortable in her new seat . I also had to change the seat over several times into many different vehicles , one an Acura MDX , a chevy truck and a 2-door Ford Mustang and the seat fit perfectly in all of these types of cars -LRB- forward facing -RRB- and was very easy to install in each one . So far I have no complaints . I still would recommend buying a smaller infant seat for newborns ... mainly for the convience of being able to carry it around with you ! but the britax roundabout is definatly a great seat for older infants !!!!
 We bought this seat for my when she was about 4 months old . She was to tall for infant car seat . Shes now 2 1/2 and still using the seat . It 's great ! We have no complants at all . Worth the money !
 We have the Roundabout in the grey wicker cover . You can get a roundabout on line for a good chunk of money less , if you look . You just ca n't get it in wicker , and I * had * to have the wicker cover because I loved the texture and the color complimented my baby 's eyes so well . -LRB- YES I am ashamed of myself -RRB- All right . The most important factor in choosing ANY car seat is , is it safe ? And the Roundabout has always ranked very , very high in safety ratings . So you ca n't go wrong there , with this seat . Truthfully , the Evenflo Triump 5 also ranks high - just as high , sometimes higher - so if you ca n't or do n't want to pay the price of a Britax , it 's OK ! What I am saying is this is a very safe seat , it 's a good seat for that reason , but it is certainly NOT the only way to go . -LRB- However I will say that especially when rear-facing , I am not sure all car seats have this `` versa tether '' feature that makes the car seat REALLY solid while rear facing , PROVIDED you can find something to anchor the tether to - not all cars I have been in had something we could use -RRB- Second , it is important that a seat be easy to install . This seat is . I have never used any other seat besides the bucket -LRB- and my husband installed THAT -RRB- so I ca n't compare - but this seat is VERY easy to install especially if you use latch . I have moved it back and forth between several cars and it only takes a few mintues - I would say less than five - to get it in there rock solid and safe . Hook one side , hook the other , kneel in the seat and pull the straps hard as you can . EASY . This is a wonderful feature especailly if you will be moving the seat about frequently . -LRB- We fly to visit family a lot , and sometimes just ride somewhere in someone else 's car ... -RRB- Third ... I think a seat should be comfortable for the child , and this seat seems to be ... usually . Every so often while sleeping my little guy 's head will slump waaaay way forward which may or may not be a feature of the seat . -LRB- FWIW it does n't seem to bother HIM at all , just me . Kids can sleep in some pretty weird positions -RRB- Fourth ... maintance should be easy . This seat cover says hand wash only but I did it on the delicate cycle on cold in our washer and then line dried it and it came out beautifully . The nap just needed brushed up a bit -LRB- I just rubbed it hard with my hand -RRB- Now here are the bad things about this seat.For the price ... I really wish we 'd gone with the Marathon . When we got this we figured we 'd use it until he was ~ 3 and then move to a booster . Well now I do n't want to move to a booster because I feel the all-out car seat is just safer . -LRB- A friend was in a car crash a few months ago ... her and the driver of the other car walked away but the 3 year old in the back seat of the other car who was in a booster was killed -RRB- Also recently in another friend 's car , my child rode in her child 's Marthon , and when he fell asleep there was no slumping . As this is a one time event , obviously I do n't know what will happen in the future ... but i think the Marathon might be more comfortable , I think it may naturally recline just a tad more . Of course with the size , you risk a very small child being lost in it - my little guy is 20 months and kind of at the bigger end of things . Anyway most importantly , we could have gotten the Marathon for the same price as this -LRB- look around on line ! -RRB- and used it longer ... but 1 . I was n't sure a Marathon would fit in our car rear facing -LRB- I 'm still not but I am pretty sure it would -RRB- and 2 . like I said I just had to have the wicker cover . -LRB- I 'm just re-iterating here about the price because someone commented the Marathon is nicer but costs too much - look on line and you can find the Marathon for the same as BRU charges for this seat - and you can find different covered roundabouts for about three forths of the price -RRB- But with all that , this seat * is * a very good seat for the category it is in so I ca n't * really * say it 's a strike against it that it does n't accomadate a larger child . And at 20 months , my guy is ~ 29 pounds and ~ 34 inches and still has a while to go on the middle belt slot , so we 're in no danger of outgrowing this soon . You * will * get good use out of this seat.My bigger gripe with this seat is , we lost the belly pad . Now as far as I can tell ... the belly pad does n't do much . But it LOOKS nice . And it maybe makes the seat belt a LITTLE more comfy for your child . But any protection it offers from hot or cold buckle is made up for by your child 's clothing especially if he or she is still in diapers . Anyway we lost ours . They get loose over time , slip off easily ... and somebody , somehow ... I 'm not gon na name any names , but I think it was my husband ;--RRB- ... anyway , it 's GONE . Not a huge deal ... but the thing is , you ca n't replace it . You can go to Britax 's website to order replacement parts , and you ca n't get the belly pad in wicker . So if you buy this seat , the pad * will * become loose over time -LRB- the all do -RRB- , you may lose it , and you ca n't buy a new one.You might consider stealing one from a floor model . A ha . But all the BRUs I went to had no pads on the floor model Britaxs . Which makes me think a LOT of parents are stealing belly pads.Anyway , the gist of it is , you pay a real premium to get the exclusive fabrics , and then you 're paddleless up the proverbial creek if you need a new belly pad . So keep your eye on it . Which I guess is good advice even if you go with a different cover , because once you add in shipping those things are absurdly expensive . -LRB- And if you 're thinking what 's the big deal if it does n't matter much anyway , the big deal is you MAY want to re-sell the seat , and of course we ALL know you 're not supposed to buy a used car seat but the fact is a lot of people do and their kids are no worse for the wear , and people buying used car seats look for good condition , and missing pieces , no matter how trivial , detract from the value . -RRB- Overall this is a GREAT seat . But it 'd be an even greater move , brains-wise , to go for a different pattern ... and possibly even the Marathon instead.One more thing , not for or against the seat ... If you fly , and use the car seat with the seat belt on the plane , you may need to TWIST the seat belt . It may seem counter-intuitive , against common sense , but otherwise the flap you lift to release the seat belt may be pressed flat against the back of the seat and you will not be able to lift it to get the car seat out , you will have to wait for the plane to empty , and the flight attendant will have to take the seat belt apart to get your car seat out.Oh . And CUT THE MANUAL OFF THE ELASTIC CORD when you get the seat . If you tug at the cord , you will crack the styrofoam in the seat . Ridiculous feature . Directions for installation are printed on the seat , anyway . Read the manual and store it in your glove box .
 My daughter is almost 4 and will soon outgrow her Roundabout , which is very disappointing because I love this seat so much . We have two , one for each car . I was very concerned about buying her car seat and wanted to get the safest possible model . After extensive research , I found that this was it . I have our car seats professionally installed and our installer states he would not put his children in anything else . -LRB- He also is disgusted by how many people come to his dealership and spend $ 45,000 on a new SUV , but then balk at spending $ 200 on a carseat ... but I digress ... -RRB- In addition to it 's safety record , this seat is comfortable , attractive & easy to use . My daughter has never ever complained about having to be in this seat , it 's well padded and very comfy . When she grows a little bit more , I will be buying a Britax Marathon or Husky , because I am so impressed with the quality of their products .
 In response to some previous reviewers questions : YES THE ROUNDABOUT WILL FIT IN A STANDARD -LRB- COACH -RRB- AIRLINE SEAT . Keep in mind that the seatbelt buckles on airplanes are different from auto buckles , they secure in the center not at one side so it IS A PAIN to install and uninstall the seat on a plane ... helpful if you have small hands ... but with that said it 's the fault of the airplane ... I do n't think there is a forward facing carseat out there that is really easy to install with that type of buckle . Most often you ca n't use the seat rear-facing on the airplane because of the seat in the row ahead -LRB- if the seat is reclined it smashes into the car seat -RRB- . It may be possible to reserve a seat in the front row to alleviate that problem , call your airline EARLY to inquire about such arrangements . Some airlines do not allow you to use ANY rear facing car seat on the plane ... they will have you use the front facing seats only or ask that you lap hold your child instead ... again call your airline to get the scoop well in advance.MACHINE WASHING
 Consumer Reports rated the roundabout carseat the best in class ... however , it pays to shop around . I bought mine at www.babycatalog.com for $ 159 + free S & H.
 This is the best car seat . I 've been through a lot between 3 of my own kids and nannying others . This is so easy to install . It 's rated above any others in crash test and in recalls . The straps do not twist -- by this I mean that at the shoulders or in the fastening clips the straps are too thick to get twisted round and round like the others seats do . I was always struggling to get the straps evened out and facing the right direction in our infant seat . The only reason I did n't buy this seat sooner is that I got an awesome deal on the stoller/car seat combo and it came with a 2nd base so I waited until baby was 10 months before I just had to go out and get the Britax . The belly pad is great not only for the hot days but also if you have a plump little pot bellied baby -LRB- like my little buddah -RRB- it 's nice to know you 're not near to pinching him or her.If I had to come up with a negative it would be the instruction manual being strapped to the seat but that could be a plus too if you need to see how to put it in an airplane or need to remember how to set it for rear facing at a later date . Who knows where those instruction manuals go after the baby is born : -RRB- Although it 's high priced , if you think about getting roughly 4 years of use out of it then really it 's nothing ... I 'll spend more on Starbucks in the next year!Good luck to the shoppers out there compairing . I have n't found one better .
 My Daughter & I were in a head-on collision September 20th , 2004 . She fared it all just fine . Her Pediatrician checked her thoroughly from limb to limb and head to toe & confirmed what I already knew , that she was completely fine physically . I did not fare quite as well & wish I could have been harnessed in such a safe & comfortable car seat as her Britax Marathon.I , as many of you , gasped at the price initially ... now , I 'd HIGHLY reccommend Britax products to you . They had a recent recall with the adjsuting belt & SWIFTLY sent out the new one . *** MAKE certain you mail in ALL registration cards with ALL products you purchase , ESPECIALLY baby items . *** ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ **** To the gal from September who had sticky buckles ... Britax reccomends washing the buckles & latches thoroughly with warm water as food & drinks often get spilled in them & cause the problem you complain of . &#60; http://www.britaxusa.com&#62; . *** Please check there as well as Amazon.com 's listing of recalls & suggestions . *** ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ My car insurance company states that I must purchase a New car seat as the one I own has now been in an auto wreck -LRB- They cover the cost thankfully ; HOWEVER , I 'd pay the price again to keep her equally as safe as she was this past Monday !!!! -RRB- She used to hate being , &#34; Trapped &#34; in her old car seat -LRB- a cheaper brand & model & far less comfortable -RRB- as she stated **** she never complained about her Britax ... more often than not , climbing into it willingly & freely . She was always VERY comfortable & I felt equally as comfortable knowing she was in the safest possible seat as I researched them for a couple of months before choosing the Britax Marathon ... I used to use a special device * -LRB- Called &#34; Mighty-Tite Car Seat Belt Tightener by , Sunshine Kids -RRB- * ... we loved that device -LCB- -LCB- -LRB- I Highly reccomend it if you are using another brand of car seat it was only about $ 20.00 when we purchased it years ago though the price may have changed it is well worth the cost . . READ the instructions thoroughly before installing of course & it will work quite well to keep your child 's seat still !! -RRB- -RCB- -RCB- before we discovered the Britax seats -RRB- to hold the car 's seat belt in place until I bought the Britax which comes equipped with it 's own device to secure the shoulder strap & thus the car seat . I can attest 100 % to the safety & Honorability of the Britax brand !!!! *** I am looking into another Britax as it spared my petite 4-year old from any harm ... she was well harnessed with the 5-point & well cushioned & sustained no impact from the blow other than a bit of natural fear as any of us would ! *** Obviously , I thank the Lord Above for protecting us as well I thank \ Britax company / for protecting my daughter as promised in their literature when I purchased this seat initially a year and a half or so ago . Britax offers such a vast range of weight allowance that your investment will last years as well as protect your child for that duration !!! Good Luck in your search ... your child 's safety is of utmost importance & I hope this helped your decision somehow ! ~ A Grateful & Blessed Mother in the USA ~
 Let me start off by saying that I am diligent about using Consumer Reports as a guide to buying products that are supposed to keep my baby safe as well as product reviews to make my decisions . When I was pregnant , the Marathon was rated high on CR top 10 list and I registered and received it as a shower gift . It dropped on the list due to problems with tilting so I took it back figuring I had plenty of time to get one after she was born . Well , I have a baby in the 95 % for height and weight and she outgrew her infant car seat -LRB- Graco Snugride which I loved and miss :--LRB- at 4 months - and that was pushing it . So I went through the CR list . The Evenflo Titan was # 1 , but there were so many bad reviews on the strap length and it not fitting well for bigger babies , that I skipped it . Then I borrowed my sisters Cosco Elite -LRB- # 5 on CR -RRB- and the straps constantly twisted and my daughter hated it - to be fair it was 2 years old . I then bought the Evenflo Triumph and it was a nightmare . Installing it was n't terrible , but kind of a pain . The straps are odd to secure and was already tight on her . -LRB- I wo n't go into detail , but you can see my reviews on the Triumph for additional info -RRB- . Then , I got the Roundabout -LRB- # 2 on CR -RRB- . A breeze to install . They have clamps for the latch instead of clips which make it so easy plus you can tighten it from each side . The straps are simple to use therefore you know its correct and secure . My daughter sits in it without a peep and seems to be very comfortable . I will always get Britax FIRST from now on .
 Almost neurotic about choosing baby gear , I researched and found , as others did , the top three models
 I bought the Britax Roundabout after much research and have been well satisfied with my purchase . The carseat was so easy to install that I spent less than 10 minutes in my car -LRB- a lovely thing as it was below zero at the time -RRB- and experienced zero frustration during the process . This was not the case two weeks later when I tried to install a Graco ComfortSport in my mother 's car for when she watches my 10-month old son . That was a terrible , frustrating , interminable experience , not helped by an amazingly poorly written instruction manual . The instructions for the Britax were coherent , complete and the answers to any questions I had were very easy to find . With the Graco car seat , the manual would say something like `` Adjust the seat to the recline position '' without telling me how to move the part that adjusted the angle the car seat was resting at . The Graco seat also required some fairly impressive brute force to adjust that part when I figured it out . And as a single parent , I provide all the brute force and I normally do just fine . : -RRB- What really sold me on the Britax carseat was the ease of use with my son . I find it very easy to get him in and out of the seat . The straps move easily to loosen or tighten -LRB- not the case with the ComfortSport -RRB- , the buckle is very secure yet I am able to press the release button and undo it one-handed . Someone mentionned that their kid could unbuckle the seat themselves ; my son definitely wo n't be able to do so for a long time -LRB- the buckle is n't that easy ! -RRB- but I 'll certainly be on the lookout.When rear-facing , as it is for me now , the release button to loosen the straps is also perfectly accessible due to the design of the Britax seat . With the Graco car seat , the strap release button ended up pressed into the back seat of my car . To install it so that I could reach the button , I would have had to have the car seat dangerously reclined back with more towels -LRB- above and beyond the one I needed to use anyway -RRB- . Unacceptable.Lastly , I know it 's a twenty-five cent touch , but I love the velcro that holds the straps to the side so that when you put your kid in , you do n't have to dig the straps out from under his or her butt . Anything that saves me three seconds of aggravation makes my day brighter.When I bought the Britax seat , I wondered if I 'd just wasted my money . I wondered if I would regret spending $ 200 on a car seat when there were other reputable manufacturers retailing seats for so much less . And I have to say , that after struggling with the Graco ComfortSport -LRB- which my mother is returning to the store tomorrow -RRB- , I feel like I got a bargain . The instruction manual alone is worth the extra money for its clarity .
 I spent hours researching convertible car seats for our son , and the Britax Roundabout was a clear winner in many categories . If you check out www.consumerreports.com , you can -LRB- for a small fee -RRB- look up crash test ratings for many different convertible car seats . The Roundabout actually rated higher than the Britax Marathon -LRB- which is more expensive ! -RRB- , and scored excellently in categories such as side-impact protection and ease of use . I strongly urge parents to research car seats before they just go out and buy one that is cheap and that matches their car 's interior -LRB- I have friends that have actually done this -RRB- . This is your child 's safety you 're buying -- $ 200 is really not much when you put it in those terms . Britax car seats have a great track record of being very safe , durable and easy to install and operate . I can honestly say I will never buy another brand.Also , one reviewer described the seat as being a teddy bear and a car seat in one -- that is so true ! It really is so plush and comfy-looking . My husband has remarked that he would love a giant chair with the same material and design . Our 9 month old sleeps comfortably in it , and he truly seems more content in this seat than the last one we had -LRB- a Graco model -RRB- . So anyway , you may initally balk at the price of this model , but it really is worth the extra money . I would have paid even more just because of the stellar safety ratings . Hope this helps !
 At first I was n't sure how to thread the belt for the forward facing position . Once I figured that out , installation was a breeze . My daughter was very comfortable , and I loved the security of the five point harness . The harness can be put on by pulling from the sides instead of over the head which is a big plus.I also tried the seat in the rear facing position but for some reason , in my vehicle -LRB- Dodge Grand Caravan -RRB- it seemed wobbly in that position . This may be correctable with one of the seat pad accessories but I have not tried this since my daughter is big enough to face forward.B MorrisonWilmington , NC
 When it came time to buy car seats for our twins , my husband and I did our research and purchased the Britax Roundabout . Safety was our number one concern , so the higher price was fine due to it 's higher performance and safety results . We love these car seats and highly recommend them ! They are very easy to use , move , and the cover fabric has been so wonderful . I 've read concerns about cleaning , I have n't had any reason to completely wash my car seat covers . The kids barely spill , and if they do , the liquid does n't absorb into the fabric very fast . I merely dab it up with a cloth or paper towel . I highly recommend this brand and we are currently in the process of buying `` two '' more car seats ... the Britax Husky .
 I bought the Britax after trying out the Eddie Bauer 3-in-1 , I had to sadly return it after I could not install it properly into my minivan . After talking to some friends who are Britax enthusiasts I thought I 'd suck up another $ 40 and purchase the Britax . I LOVE this carseat . It is so easy to install and my 8 month old daughter who HATED her infant carrier loves this carseat . It sits high up , its cushy , and she can fall asleep comfortably in it as well . I highly recommend this carseat .
 Easy to use for our 9 month old , we also have the Marathon and do n't really like it . The only concern is that our son already seems tall for the seat . The seat is supposed to hold a baby up to 40lbs and our son is only 21 lbs and he seems large in the seat . The Marathon is nice because it has plenty of room for our son , but it is a pain to get him hooked in due to the position of the buckle . All in all the Roundabout is a nice seat and easier to use than the Marathon , but I question the weight limit and length of time for us to use the seat .
 I bought this as a second car seat my main one is the boulevard . . I think it 's a well put together seat but I wish it had the side impact protection like the boulevard . also I bought this seat and realized that the weight limit was like 40 and the boulevard is 65 so I should have spent the extra money and got another boulevard because I am going to have to buy another seat anyway once she reached 40 pounds ! My baby seems to like it though as far as being a comfortable seat . . the only other thing I do n't like is that her head slumps over sometimes when she falls asleep .
 So far , we really like our new car seat . It 's quite sturdy , and my almost 1-year-old son seems to find it very comfortable . But , if this is the easiest carseat to install , I feel bad for anyone who orders a carseat that is difficult to install ! Weaving the seatbelt through the seatbelt holders was a challenge for me -LRB- maybe the problem was our car , not the carseat -RRB- . With that said , it 's not budging now , so I 'm happy to feel that my child is traveling safely .
 I just purchased the Britax for my 13 month old because I was dissatisfied with one I had . It is easy to install and fitsgreat in the car , truck or SUV . He sleeps alot in the car andhis head does not hang forward . He sits up high and looks really comfortable . I think the crotch strap is a little short but overall its DEFINITELY worth the money .
 Kimberly , Britax actually has a customer service department in the US . Here 's their toll-free number
 I just love this carseat for my baby girl . It is easy to use and my little one does n't fight me when she is in it like her other carseat . It is also not bulky so it fits in any car .
 I bought this car seat when my baby was only 3 months old . My baby really hated her infant car seat she seemed so uncomfortable and after only half an hour of driving she would start crying . After buying the britax roundabout my baby loves car rides . She seems so happy and she even takes naps on the rides . I chose the Britax Roundabout not only for my baby 's comfort but also because consumer reports gave it good rating for both infant and toddler safety . So I know my baby will be safe and comfortable when we go on our car rides .
 I did a lot of research before buying this carseat . I am very impressed with how easy it is to install . My husband and I switch cars a lot and thought we would have to buy another car seat , but I can literally install it is less than a minute , so there is no need . My daughter loves the carseat . We are about to purchase another carseat from Britax , as we have had our second child in 15 months . Britax does a great job !
 I do n't know how much fun or educational a car seat can be , but I love this car seat and felt it would be an injustice to give it less than 5 stars . Like many new parents , we originally bought a travel system with infant carrier when we had our first child . It was great being able to carry him around and put him in the car without waking him , but infant carriers -LRB- the one we had , anyway -RRB- only are safe for a child under 26 inches . Our son was 22 inches at birth and was 26 inches by 3 months of age . We started using the Roundabout around 4 months . It was safe and comfortable for the baby at that age and still is at 24 months and 38 inches tall . He falls right to sleep almost every car ride ! I do n't have any problems with shoulder width -LRB- he 's a good size at 34 pounds -RRB- and he even has room to stick his sippy cup between his leg and the edge of the seat -LRB- toddler ingenuity ! -RRB- . Because of his size , I plan to move him to a booster seat instead of buying a bigger car seat . He did vomit on it once and the cover washed beautifully in the machine . By the way -- we liked it so much we bought another one for our other vehicle and it has held up just as well .
 I think that Britax is the best car seat makers ever . Granted it does have the latch system which is incredibly easy to use I still feel safer with the seat belt . Not to say that the latch system is a downfall ... I am just paranoid . I have a roundabout and marathon and I love them both . I guess with everyone saying how the marathon is easy for kids to loosen I guess I will just have to cross that bridge when I get there but I do n't see it being a huge problem I will just find a way to make it so he ca n't open the flap and loosen the straps . Once that is done it is the best seat on the market . I would rather have my child in a Britax even though they are a bit pricy then a cheap carseat .
 We just purchased this seat and so far , so good . Installation in a mid-sized car rear-facing was easy , and the seat seems very secure . Getting baby in and out is easy , and the seat seems exceptionally comfortable . I was even impressed with the packaging . The seat did n't fall out in a million parts when I took it out of the box . Everything was contained and easy to find . The box was even L-shaped to make getting my purchase home that much easier . Even the recall card was already filled out with all the information . In this case it seems like the extra money was well spent . This was an exchange from the Alpha Omega which we absolutely could not install securely in our back seat . The Roundabout fits perfectly .
 I bought this seat along with the Graco ComfortSport -LRB- for the non primary car -RRB- . The Graco is horrible for the rear facing . You can not get to the strap tightening/release . The Britax was easy to install and use . I love the features they have built in . They thought of everying . There is a pouch for the tether cable when not in use , velco for the harness for ease of putting the child in and out , and the release/tightening is easy to use and get too . The seat is rock solid once installed thanks to the Britax dual Tether system which they recommend even for rear facing . Do n't waste your time with other car seats , go right for Britax .
 We 're very happy with it . This is one of the safest seats you can buy , and looks great in any car . The base has a wide footprint and does n't tend to leave permanent marks on leather or cloth interiors . It 's reclinable and the fact that our daughter can be in a really fussy mood and still fall asleep in 5 minutes in it attests to its comfort . The latch attachment is very easy to use with simple push-on and pushbutton release mechanism , and when secured it is ROCK solid . I also find the seatbelt harness easy to use and also holds it securely -LRB- although latch is the most stable -RRB- . Also , it is VERY easy to tighten/loosen the shoulder belts with their pull strap tightening system.We 've had the great fortune of our daughter vomiting all over it , and we had no problems putting it in the washer on gentle cycle . All the belts and buckles come off pretty easily , and only the bottom buckle I hand washed in the sink .
 After extensive research on the other car seats and their safety , I went with the Britax Roundabout . We bought the seat for my daughter almost 3 years ago , after she outgrew her Graco infant seat . I love the ease of installing the Britax seat in my car and I like the extra foam cushioning on the sides and bottom . The padding is thicker than the other brands that I have seen . Getting my daughter strapped in the seat takes very minimal time and energy , while keeping her secure . The five point harness is easy for us to use yet difficult for my daughter to un-do . I also like the velco sides for attaching the seat belts while getting my daughter in and out of her seat , especially when it gets hot . We also purchased a Century-Graco brand seat for our other car . This seat can not even compare to the Roundabout . This specific seat is made with hard plastic that makes my knees hurt when I install the seat in the car , unlike the ease of the Britax.In this case , I believe , you get what you pay for ! I am so pleased with this seat that I will get another Britax -LRB- booster -RRB- for my daughter when she outgrows the Roundabout . I believe every parent should get a Britax . It is worth every penny!Without a doubt , I am now a loyal Britax customer . .
 Great car seat big and comfortable . my son is 14 months old and he falls asleep in it everyday when we pick up his sister from school.It is well made and sturdy . It got great crash test ratings and seems to be very popular.The straps do n't twist that is the best part . Very expensive but worth all $ 200 we paid for it . We bought an evenflo car seat for our 4 year old two years ago and we hate it . We are now going to throw out the evenflo and buy a Britax marathon for her . These car seats are priced high but well worth the investment in my opinion .
 We have had ours for only a month but we are extremely pleased . It seems that Britax has thought of every which way to make the seat easy-to-use , comfortable for baby and safe . My husband has done extensive research on this stuff and has determined NOT TO SKIMP on safety . We definitely recommend this carseat !
 We purchased this seat after buying the Eddie Bauer convertible for our other vehicle and now wished we had bought two of these . My husband installed it in about 5 minutes -LRB- he gave up on the other one after a half hour of fighting -RRB- . I also love the Velcro on both sides of the seat that hold the straps open so that getting my squirming baby in there is so much easier . Another huge plus - the padding in front of the buckle that protects the baby from getting pinched . Unfortunately , I had to learn how great this feature is by accidentally pinching my child in the other seat . Even the packaging is convenient . The box has a handle to make it easier to move around and we were actually able to get it in the car in the box because it 's not just a huge rectangle . These guys thought of everything ! I highly recommend this seat to anyone .
 When my 4 month old boy outgrew his carrier car seat , we were ready to go out an buy a new one . Being that we live in Northwest Kansas , there are not a lot of options for places to purchase new seats nearby . The one we were able to find within a 40 mile radius of our town did not fit in our Ford Focus without the passenger seat being moved completely forward . When this was done , NOONE could sit there . We were not happy with this , so we drove the 200 miles to Denver to Babiesrus and found the ONLY seat that would fit rear-facing in our car . It just so happened that it was the Roundabout . The drive home was one of the easiest we have had with our son . He loves his seat . Not only does it fit our car , but it is a perfect fit for him . We had two opptions that weekend , buy a $ 200 car seat , or buy a new car . The car seat is great !!!
 We had to go out to buy a new seat over this past weekend , when our daughter outgrew her infant carrier -LRB- at 4 months is 26 inches long -RRB- . I had received the Eddie Bauer 3-in-1 convertible seat as a shower gift , but when we opened it up , it did not fit rear facing in the car , and I did not like the way our daughter fit in it . We did some research , and came upon the Roundabout . We love it ! It went into the car so easily , and it is easy to get our daughter in and out of . There is velcro to keep the straps out of the way . She went to sleep in it her first time in the car ! I highly recommend this seat for the price !
 I FOUND THIS CAR SEAT WHEN MY DAUGHTER WAS TRANSITIONING OUT OF HER INFANT SEAT . AFTER RESEARCHING ONLINE , CONSUMER REPORTS , AND TALKING TO NUMEROUS PEOPLE , I FOUND THAT THIS CAR SEAT IS TOPS . IT IS RATED # 1 BY CONSUMER REPORTS AND NOT ONLY THAT , IT IS TESTED AT A HIGHER RATE OF SPEED IN CRASH TESTS THAN AMERICAN MADE CAR SEATS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND IT STILL CAME OUT ON TOP !!!!! THAT WAS AMAZING TO ME . THAT BIT OF INFORMATION SOLD ME INSTANTLY , THE PRICE WAS NO ISSUE AFTER THAT!I HAVE NOW OWNED IT FOR ABOUT 6 MONTHS AND STILL LOVE LOVE LOVE IT !!!!!!!! YOU CAN ADJUST THE RECLINE POSITION SO THERE IS NO CHANCE THAT YOUR CHILD WILL BE BOBBING THEIR HEAD OR GETTING A CRICK IN THEIR NECK WHEN THEY ARE TRYING TO REST ! MY DAUGHTER JUST LOOKS COMFY AND SECURE IN IT.IT IS A BREEZE TO INSTALL AND ADJUST THE STRAPS , IT IS RIGHT THERE IN FRONT UNDER THEIR FEET UNLIKE OTHER MODELS WHERE YOU HAVE TO REACH UNDER THE COVER TO ADJUST.I ALSO LOVE THE FABRIC USED ON THIS SEAT . IT IS SO INCREDIBLY SOFT AND IT JUST LOOKS REALLY REALLY NICE . ALSO , AFTER HAVING IT 6 MONTHS , IT STILL LOOKS BRAND NEW ! I PROMISE , IF YOU GET THIS CAR SEAT , YOU WILL NOT QUESTION WHETHER YOU MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE !!!
 My son is 3 years old -LRB- TALL -RRB- so I just transitioned him into a booster seat , but I am keeping the Roundabout because one day my now 6 week old will need to use it too . -LRB- 1 -RRB- I found it super easy to install with LATCH into my Lexus RX330 . It fits well next to the SnugRide as well , and I bet it will also fit next to the booster . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Adjusting the tension of the straps can be done by using the lever on the side of the carseat . Easy to do -LRB- my son never found this lever -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- Adjusting the height of the straps is also easy to do with the seat in the car -LRB- 4 -RRB- The seat can hold 40 lbs , but my son is a very tall boy , and his head was nearly over the carseat . -LRB- 5 -RRB- The Marathon seems to be of higher quality , and has nice colors -LRB- I for one love the racer -RRB- but its too expensive and doesnt fit as well rear-facing . Also , my son was riding in a friends Marathon , and although his head didnt slump forward -LRB- like it does occasionally in the Roundabout -RRB- he was able to loosen the crotch strap ! I can not see how he did it , but its not `` do-able '' with the Roundabout , because pretty soon HER daughter was doing it too ! They have both ridden in the Roundabout , and niether of them loosens their straps ! So I for one will take slumping heads over loosend straps ANY day ! -LRB- 6 -RRB- The wicker print is great , and I was able to wash it on the lowest setting on my washing machine , and even got away with throwing it in the dryer on tumble low . -LRB- 7 -RRB- The belly pad is more than decoration -LRB- to another reviewer who lost hers -RRB- . It protects your child from the hot , or cold buckle , and makes it more comfortable . I have also gone to BRU asking how much the replacements were , and they said they would take something like a belly pad out of the store model and give it to me free of charge!All in all its great seat , that I love more than the Marathon since its just as safe -LRB- those safety ratings are always changing ! -RRB- and cheaper . I think its comfortable for long car rides , and a little slumping is deal-able . HIGHLY reccomended .
 Great seat for mid-size cars - I have a subaru which has shallow seats - and this fits well , still allowing room for the front passenger to have adequate legroom . One single problem , however , the straps to secure the child twist and are not easy to fix without removing the seat and reinstalling the straps entirely . If there 's a way to fix this problem - this would clearly be the seat to buy , hands down .
 I bought this carseat a few months ago and am extremely pleased with it . I am using it rear-facing as my daughter is still under a year old , and I had it professionally installed by our local police department , which I would highly recommend to ensure accurate installation . I bought this carseat based on both online reviews , and Consumer Reports , which rated the seat high for both safety and ease of use.The seat seems very comfortable , and my daughter has stopped crying in the car since moving into this seat , so , I can only hope it 's because she is happy in it . The straps are extremely easy to loosen and tighten as needed based on clothing ... etc. . There 's one button to loosen , and one strap to tighten - all this can be done with the child in the carseat , in the car ! I had used an Eddie Bauer infant seat , and did n't realize how cumbersome the seat was to adjust until I experienced the ease of the Britax seat.Yes , there are less expensive carseats , but , when I considered what I waste $ 100 on over the course of a month , it did n't seem like so much when I considered that this was an investment in my child 's safety ... and , one that would last for several years .
 Few people need convincing to buy Britax since their reputation is so great , but I thought I 'd try anyway ;--RRB- This seat is the greatest - although I 've heard wonderful things about the Marathon as well . My son has been in his seat since he was 6 1/2 months old and has always seemed comfortable . In fact , he is now 14 months old and 24 pounds and is still rear-facing -LRB- has n't exceeded the 33 pound weight requirement yet -RRB- and is just fine that way . If I had a dollar for every parent who told me they turned the seat around because their kid was going crazy facing backwards ... My best friend is a certified car seat tech and recommended this seat or the marathon.Anyway , this seat does take some time to install properly but it is easier than any other I 've ever tried . The attached locking clips ensure a tight and secure fit . This is soooooo worth the money !!! Your little one will be safe and secure and that 's what is most important !!!
 I was starting to believe the hype by some that Britax `` was resting on their laurels '' or not worth the extra money . After buying and returning the Evenflo Triumph 5 DLX I ordered this seat -LRB- in Puma print -RRB- and once again love it . I bought my first 6 years ago and thought this time I 'd go for the Evenflo as it was rated the same at the Britax Roundabout in Consumer Reports and was $ 50 + cheaper - I hated it . Britax is just easy to use . I researched the Marathon but decided it had too many issues given it 's low CR report and some of the other items I found on the NHTSA website . I doubt this child will exceed the roundabout 's 40lb limit as my 7 year old boy never did . Just a good quality seat and worth the extra . Only complaint - instruction manual in very stupid place - you 'll see !
 AFter trying several car seats for my 20 lbs 4 month old this was the best !!! He fit in very nice , it installed easily and proper . the belts do not twist and it secures tightly around his shoulders . Very user friendly . Do not even bother with another car seat this is the one for any baby !!!!
 I bought the Roundabout after using two other carseats , and I love everything about this one ! After my son outgrew his snugride after only four months , I did a lot of research on convertible carseats since I did n't want to be purchasing another carseat in another four months . I actually initially went with the Evenflo Titan 5 based on Consumer Reports ratings -LRB- it did slightly better than the Roundabout overall -RRB- and because it was only $ 70 , but my son , who is otherwise a very easy and very happy baby , HATED being in that seat . Even though I had installed it properly -LRB- even had it checked by CHP -RRB- , it just did n't recline enough for him . Turns out , rear-facing carseats should recline between 30-45 degrees . For the Evenflo to be installed properly -LRB- using the leveler -RRB- , it was only at 30 degrees , which is technically safe , but uncomfortable for such a young baby . So , I decided to stop being a cheapskate and buy the Britax . I was sold on it forever the first time I put my little guy in it . He snuggled into the ample padding and fell right asleep . He still has no problems with his carseat -LRB- although at 10 months , he 's a little sick of facing the back seat -RRB- , and snoozes almost every time we 're in the car for more than 10-15 minutes . It fits well in my Toyota Camry with room to spare when it 's there alone , and it even fits fine with two other carseats back there with it -LRB- although only one can also be a rear-facing for them all to fit unless you have infant seats without bases , then they all fit -RRB- . It takes me about 10-15 minutes to get it installed when I have moved it out of my car , and I LOVE the Latch system buckles . They are SOOOO much easier to install and release than any other carseat I 've seen -LRB- and I have 5 nieces and nephews in carseats in addition to my little guy , so I 've used a lot of different systems -RRB- . Highly recommend skipping all the other seats and going straight for the Roundabout .
 I bought this seat for my 7 month old , and she immediatly loved it . I had origanlly bought the marathon thinking it would be great for her to grow into , but even with our explorer it was just to big and bulky . This seat was perfect ! I now have a 2004 accord which is equiped with the latch system , installing this seat was a breeze using the latch . Just make sure to carefully read the owners manual it can be a little confusing . My daughter is now one and facing forward , this seat does n't budge and inch , although when it was rear facing I dide n't feel that it was as secure as it should be , I guess because there was nothing holding onto the back . Anyhow I highly recommend this seat to anyone willing to pay a little extra for peace of mind , easy installation , and of course the most important thing the safety of your child . It is of course a little pricey but with all the research I did this was by far the best seat . .
 We have this seat and an evenflow.The good
 After going through several less expensive car seats for my niece , I finally came up with the money to buy this one . I thought it was an awful lot of money for a car seat but I had heard such great things about it . I can tell you , out of all of the other seats I 've ever owned , most of which were `` professionally '' installed still slid side to side and front to back no matter how tight the seat belt was . The LATCH system for this seat makes it easy to install -LRB- literally minutes as opposed to a half an hour -RRB- and if you put your knee into the seat and press your weight into it while tightening the straps , it wo n't budge . I could literally try to rock the seat and the car would move but not the seat . By far the only choice for small children , after seeing the difference , $ 200 is a very small price to pay for peace of mind .
 My wife and I bought 2 of the Roundabout seats from Britax . We did alot of research and narrowed it down to the Marathon and the Roundabout seats . We opted for the Roundabout because the size was a little better fit for our 2 vehicles . We own a 98 Chevy Cavalier and a 97 Chevy Silverado extended cab pickup . The seats installed quite easily in both vehicles . I bought a seat adjuster -LRB- foam for under seat -RRB- and did need it for the pickup.Our daughter is 6 months old . Her weight is n't a problem but her height is . She outgrew her infant seat and needed a convertible . We thought about spending less on a Graco but liked the reviews on Britax , not to mention the reputation of the seats . I would definitely recommend this seat to anyone . It is a well designed seat both comfort and safety .
 I LOVE THIS SEAT !!!!! After having bought the Cosco Aplpha Omega Elite we instaled into our car as soon as we got home and put our 6 month old in for the first time . The first thing I realized was the seat was a little big for our sedan , then after driving about 5 min down the road our son fell asleep , the seat does n't recline back much and his head fell foward chin to chest . I wound up riding in the back seat with him with my hand on his forehead holding his head up all the way back to the BRU we bought it from . We then exchanged it for the Evenflo Triumph 5 . It was the same thing all over again . We now have the Roundabout and 2 months later we still love it . Sooooo comfy I wish they made a car seat for me ! The restraints are very easy to use and there is a cushion under the buckle between his legs that keeps the belt from rubbing on his thighs . I would recomend this seat to a friend .
 I bought this seat for my son when he outgrew the Graco snug n ride which he hated because he always cried when in it . I researched online for hours , probably at least 10 and this is the best seat on the market . For someone who had never installed a car seat before , it was mildly challenging the first time until I understood the purpose of the belt lock which are too wonderful . I know a few complained of the strap lying across the legs and I have not found anywhere either online , the health dept. , and a police dept , that was aware of any problem with it . I called Britax -LRB- 888-427-4829 -RRB- to make sure that the straps do indeed lay across the legs . The straps do not twist because they are too thick and it fits very well in smaller back seats , much better than the Graco . This seat is so good , the store can not keep it in stock and you have to order online . I have been very pleased with this seat and it has been worth the money .
 I bought the Marathon after having used two Roundabouts for my older sons . I had been very pleased with the Roundabout and used them until my sons were almost 4 . They loved them , easy to use , and they always fell asleep in them . Worth every penny.The Marathon is a total joke and has a huge design flaw to it - the buckle is too close to the crotch/back of the seat , so there 's no way that it could accomodate a 65 or even 25 lb child . I 'm so disappointed in Britax for making the Marathon and hawking it as better than the Roundabout . It 's not even as plush or padded as the Roundabout . And it was way too big for my minivan!Stick with a good investment and a solid , long-term winner , the Roundabout . I know I 'll have it for many more years and get good resale on it like I did the other ones . And the sales cleark at BRU said that they see too many returns on the Marathon because it does n't fit babies ' crotches and it does n't fit most cars/vans .
 This car seat proved itself when I was involved in an accident last May . My son was sitting in the center of the back seat of my Honda Civic and did not sustain any injuries -- except for minor belt `` burns '' that went away in a few days -LRB- I did n't have neck protectors on the straps -RRB- . The car was totaled and I did injur my back and neck in the accident . So the proof is in the pudding . I also think it is easy to install . I ended up replacing his seat with the Marathon after the accident just because he was getting bigger anyway . I ca n't say enough about that seat either except that it was recalled -LRB- not due to injuries -RRB- and I didnt ' get a notice from the company . On their behalf , we did move but did n't get a forwarded notice either .
 This is a really cute car seat and gets really good safety ratings . It is nicely padded and my daughter never complains . She actually loves to sit in it and watch her movies in the car . The velcro on the sides helps the straps not get tangled most of the time . It does take me a while to get everything un buckled when I am washing it . Other than that it is a great seat !
 After returning the CR best buy Evenflo Titan we bought this car seat and we are pleased . The only down fall is that if I 'm not careful the straps are snug around my son 's thighs .
 Has anyone used the Roundabout with an infant ? The other reviews were very helpful , but everyone seems to have purchased this seat after the infant stage . Any recommendations or cautions on using this beginning with an infant ?
 This carseat has seen 5 cars and has fit perfectly in all of them -LRB- VW Passat , VW Touareg , Porsche Cayenne , BMW 745 and a Prius -RRB- . It 's the easiest to install of all our carseats and looks the best . Ca n't go wrong with this seat !!!
 Can anyone tell me if they have used a Roundabout on a plane ? I read a comment on another message board about a Britax seat that was too wide to fit in a plane seat , but it did not specify which model . My 8 month old and I will be traveling over the holidays and I would hate to get on the plane , only to find that the seat will not fit ! Any comments are appreciated . Thanks !
 On CBS news they said these Britax car seats can support children up to 65 pounds , and I just reciedved a magizine that said the same . Dont litsen to the weight limit online it is not true . I hope thisinformation helps you !
 After spending way too many obsessive hours researching car seats , I finally bought the roundabout and I am so glad I did ! I first bought the graco comfortsport and it is NOT for a rear facing infant ! It is impossible to tighten or loosen the harness straps when rear facing ! -LRB- they are pressed to tightly against the seat of the car -RRB- I read that on the reviews and because of the price I decided to give it a try and returned it the next day ! The people who liked it must either use it foward or are not educated on how to use a safety seat properly . -LRB- the straps need to be tight enough that you ca n't pinch the strap -RRB- I also called the safety council and they knew a lot more about Britax than any other company . They currently are the only rear facing seat that has a tether and they test their car seats at 30mph compared to the US that tests at slower speeds.The Roundabout is GREAT ! I installed in so quickly -LRB- actually in the BRU parking lot ! -RRB- The lock off clips are wonderful and make the seat so secure . The harness straps are easy to adjust ; which needs to be done often .
 We 're buying our third one of these - it 's easy to install , easy to adjust straps , they do n't get tangled like others , the velcro holds straps open when putting child in , etc. . It 's really great .
 We bought the Roundabout back in 2000 , after the Evenflo kept literally breaking on us . We 've always been glad we bought it . It was a lot of $ , but so worth it - I wish Britax would lower their price , but they see us all say it 's worth it . Anyway , the one thing I really liked about this seat is that the cover is washable . However for some reason , their newer car seats ' covers are only hand washable , which I feel is a very bad move ; a great disservice . If baby 's diaper leaks or baby spits up/vomits , you want to stick it in the washer and dryer and get it over with . Now we 're forced to spend $ 40 to $ 60 for a backup cover . Good move for Britax 's bottom line , but not ours . The other problem we had is that it did tip , but I think that was more from my hubby not installing it correctly , although it should really be idiot proof . One day we were driving down a mountain and ds was wild , rocking his seat back and forth . We heard `` Uh oh '' coming from the back seat and found he was laying on his side in the seat . Hubby tethered it then and stopped the problem . DS is now almost six years old and says it 's still comfortable . I wish their seats had footrests . He could put his food up on the bottom rung of the seat , which I do n't think the newer seats have . We were going to move my 6 mo. old dd into his seat , but were advised that you should not use seats that are over 6 years old , as the straps , plastic and foam break down , along with it being old technology . We went ahead and bought the huge Marathon instead because it will go up to 65lb , not 40 like the new Roundabouts . Our next move is to get a new seat for our six year old , which will probably be the Britax booster seats . One note
 I have a marathon for my first child and the decathalon for my second , but I was reading the reviews here and wanted to say that I have machine washed and dried the covers A LOT and they are fine . The fabric has n't changed or shrunk . Britax is the leading manufacturer for carseats -LRB- and recently other products -RRB- . I would n't put my children in anything else . Do n't worry about the cover - wash and dry it - and do n't make that a deciding factor ! Safe travels !!
 We thought we did the `` right thing '' when we bought the Peg Perego ! Oh how wrong we were ! My son yelled and screamed as if someone was pulling his fingernails out every time he was put in the seat ! I finally just gave in to the fact , my child hates being in his car seat ! For three months I dreaded going ANYWHERE ! Finally we decided to try another seat . After extensive reviews and consumer reports ... this is what we decided on ! The day I bought it I was backing out of the Toys R Us parking spot and my son was already asleep ! He would NEVER sleep in the seat before ! Now no problem driving 1 1/2 hours to see grandma !
 Spend the extra money on this high-quality , comfortable seat . We downgraded our Graco ComfortSport -LRB- junk -RRB- to Grandma 's car , and bought 2 of these . I could not be more happy .
 We have an eddie bauer 3-in-1 , and this . This one is heavenly . The eddie bauer one is supposed to go all the way to 80 lbs , but although we have a 50th % tile 2 yr old son , it is a struggle to get him in and out . The roundabout on the other hand is true to its promise on weight allowance and is just ergonomically designed . We have traveled at least 5 times and taken this carseat with us and inserted it in literally under one minute in every type of rental car . The straps never twist and the fabric is so comfy . We have bought it for two other close family members despite the price because it is totally worth it !!! You will not regret buying this one .
 We bought this initially to move across country in a tiny 2 door coupe . The seat fit great in the back seat -LRB- I was pleasantly surprised -RRB- Our son looked comfortable and happy . We then moved it to our SUV and it fits perfectly . I love the ease of removal and getting our son out while sleeping :-RRB- I give this model ten stars !
 We love this car seat ! We purchased one when our oldest child was 6 months old and over the weight limit for her infant car seat . Following the reviews we chose this car seat and have been thrilled . Our daughter loves it -LRB- as she tells us -RRB- , and it has been extremely comfortable and easy to clean . She is now 2 1/2 and still has room in the car seat . However , our new baby is now over the height limit and we will buy the same seat for him . Truly one of our best buys !!!
 Very nice car seat . Easy to install and very secure . Fabric cover is easy to remove and clean .
 This is by far the simplest car seat I have ever used . It installs with great ease and locks in place very simply with or without a latch system . We have two cars - one with the latch and one without . We obtained two of these seats because they worked so well . We highly reccomend them !
 After purchasing a Roundabout for my now 2 year old , and still being satisfied with the results , I purchased another while I was expecting my next child!First of all , I had none of the problems mentioned in the other review . My husband had the whole seat installed , rear-facing with the LATCH in about 20 minutes . He put some weight on it , but its EXTREMELY sturdy and reliable . I also thought that the directions were quite clear and easy to follow -LRB- As the last time we installed a seat was about a year ago -RRB- . In the rear of my Subaru Outback , the two Roundabouts -LRB- one in the middle , on behind the passenger -RRB- happen to fit beautifully , which was one of my reasons for not purchasing a Marathon . I like that I can easily adjust the width of the straps with an easy to reach , and easy to use lever . I found my toddler playing with hers before she was strapped in , yet she wasnt able to loosen/tighten her straps ! I also like that if you want to adjust the height you do not have to remove the entire carseat to do so . The fabric is also reliable , and easy to clean . I found it to be quite soft and plushy , and obviously so do my children because they fall asleep instantly ! The recline is perfect , and although I was upset that my tall daughter had to be foward facing at 13 months , my friends 16 month old -LRB- tiny like my son -RRB- is still rearfacing ! I also happen to like the overall shape , and style of the roundabout . Also , with an extra $ 25 you can purchase infant support an make this Roundabout much more `` worth the cost '' , since it does only hold up to 45 lbs , but most likely your child will exceed the height limit first , most likely at the age of 3ish , although my daughter is coming awfully close!Of course you have to know that I origionally purchased this seat due to ratings , but it really is # 1 for more than just safety ! I love it , the kiddos love it , and I would defiantly not hessitate to purchase more !
 I received the Eddie Bauer 3 in 1 seat for a baby gift and boy was I disappointed ! It took forever to figure out everything and once it was installed it was so big that we had to move our front seats forward alot . Also , it was really hard to access the clip that allows you to adjust the belt . My hands always hurt from doing that . My son is 7 months old now and when he rides in it his head always flops downward making me worry about his neck . What a difference with the Britax !!! After finding it on sale I rushed to buy it and I was amazed ! The car seat was so simple to install and to understand the directions , the seat cover was plush and comfortable looking , there is a little pad where the buckle is -LRB- which is great for the summer so the buckle doesnt ' burn your baby 's skin -RRB- , the seat reclines perfectly so that my son 's head does n't hang forward , and there are little velcro tabs on the sides so that you can put the belts out of the way when putting you precious one in and out of the car . This seat is rated very highly in safety as well . As a first time mom , I 've done extensive research on different car seats and this one and the marathon come out on top ! I 'm so glad I made this purchase ! You 'll be reassured that you wo n't have to return this one and buy another car seat again !
 My twin sons are 10 months old and tehy love their bigboy seats!I had one -LRB- my 3 year olds -RRB- and I bought another . They absolutly love em ' . They were easy to install rear-facing with the handy LATCH system . It reqlines at the perfect angle for the twins . They sit up high enough for the boys to see eachother , and out the window . The material is plush and soft , yet it is made so they dont swet in the seat . The harness is very safe and easy to buckle and unbuckle . It doesnt tangle nor does it `` choke '' them . I found it easy to change the hieght -LRB- although the cover has to come off -RRB- but no one does that too frequently anyway . The cover comes off to be able to wash it in the machine and it always comes out as good as new . There are sides to it so my sons really dont flop their heads all over the place , and its very comfortable for them.These seats are sturdy and safe and we love em ' . They are cheaper than the Marathons , but almost identical in saftey ... I couldnt be any happier wiht these seats , even my daughter seems sad to have let her go !
 This carseat is the best carseat . I wish their infant carseat was as big of a hit . It is worth the money !!
 This is the best car seat ! We purchased this car seat as a replacement for my daughter 's infant seat when she was a year old . Personally , I wish we had purchased it sooner - because it 's absolutely awesome ! It is very easy to install , took my husband and I about 5 minutes to get it out of the box and securely set up in our back seat ! My daughter LOVES it ! It is also easy to adjust the straps and unlike her infant seat I do n't have problems with the straps getting twisted . I adore the fact I can velcro the straps out of the way - which makes getting into and out of the car a lot easier too ! Consumer Reports rated it # 2 - I 'm still not certain why - my guess is because it is a bit expensive ... but definitely worth it ! The Evenflo Triumph -LRB- rated # 1 and cheaper than Britax -RRB- was horrendous looking and way too bulky ... My husband who normally does n't care about the cosmetic look of things hated it ! Go with the Britax Roundabout or Marathon and I 'm sure you 'll love it . Britax makes well crafted and highly safe car seats!PS . The car seat cover is machine washable !
 both me and my baby loved this carseat . We used Graco for him before , he loved this so much better .
 I just bought this and am very pleased with the ease of use . The only thing , which is my fault , the upper limits on Roundabout is to 40 lbs . The Marathon and other seats by Britax are to 65 lbs . I just assumed they were the same and did n't check.This is the second convertible I bought for my son -LRB- had Eveflo Triumph for 8 months until it broke ! -RRB- so I wanted one that lasted - he is already forward-facing . Anyway , I will exchange the Marathon , or maybe the Wizard with True Side Impact -LRB- britaxusa.com -RRB- - that looks even better!So it gets 4 starts only because the upper weight limit is 25 lbs less than all the other Britax carseats , should just spend the extra money now and it will last you a long time .
 We originally had a Cosco Eddie Bauer infant seat which we recieved as a gift . Our 4-wk old daughter was crying every time we buckled her in because it was so painful for her . My MIL had gotten the Roundabout & told us how much she liked it so we decided we 'd put our daughter through enough & went & bought the Roundabout . It was so easy to install -- it took my husband less than a minute . Our Cosco infant seat took 30 minutes ! When we put our daughter in it & buckled her in she did n't cry at all ! We love that the straps loosen at the touch of a button -- all car seats should be made this way ! It 's so easy to get her in and out . We have a Toyota Matrix & though there is n't much leg room on the front passenger side with the seat installed , it 's no less than we had with the infant seat -- & there 's actually more room in the back seat ! Thank God for the Britax Roundabout ! It is so easy to use & rated so well in safety tests I 'm going to reccomend it to everyone I know .
 After using the Evenflo Triumph for that last 3.5 months , we decided to get another car seat for our other car . Originally , we were going to get another Evenflo , but based largely on reviews and a dissatisfaction with the strap system of the Evenflo , we decided it would be worth the extra $ 100 to go with the Britax . I could tell the first time I used it that it was much easier to get my son in and out with the push button strap release compared to Evenflo 's strap design . I also really like the velcro on the sides to keep the straps out of the way when you are loading the baby . We have decided to use this as our primary car seat and to use the Evenflo as the spare in the other car . The design is so simple and easy to use - I highly recommend .
 I also did alot of research on carseats and this was one we went with . I love how comfortable the fabric is and how easy it is to get our son in and out of it . The only problem I see is how small the area is to put the seat belt through with your hand when you need to put the carseat in backwards . My husband can not do it at all . So I am the only always having to move the carseat . Otherwise we love the carseat !!
 This is the best car seat !! My husband did research on many carseats and found this one to be the best -LRB- no recent recalls that he could find -RRB- . It sits very secure in the back seat . I do n't have to worry about being to lose and moving when the car turns . Also , in the laid back position it still its up high enough for our son to see out of his window , and he can still fall asleep comfortably . The seat cover is easy to remove and wash . We put it in the washer -LRB- by itself -RRB- , then line dried it and it fit perfectly back on the seat with no shrinking . This car seat is completely worth every penny .
 We got two of these car seats for our baby shower . We had registered for them after seeing the very high ratings in consumer reports.We have had our baby in this seat since she was about 11 weeks old . She is a big girl and was no longer comfy in her infant carrier.You will need to get a head support for little babies who do not have good head control . I also wish that the seat reclined more when positioned rear facing . We have a Honda Pilot and we still had a hard time getting this seat to the correct position . It will fit much nicer once we can turn it around.Comfort wise , our baby seems quite content in this car seat . she never gets upset or seems uncomfortable when we have her in it . she sleeps great in this chair and really does n't even mind long car rides ! I would definately recomend this seat to anyone .
 The family i nanny for bought me britax roundabout and it is a great car seat . It has a very secure attachment with the use of a seat belt if latch is not an option and the sholder straps are easy to adjust when needed.Another website www.albeebabycarriage.com has the round about for $ 164-169 depending on what fabric pattern you want . This site also has the Marathon for $ 189-214 . Great seat highly recommended just shop around before buying
 To Anonymous in AZ : I 've used this seat when both of my children were infants . I just used the little u-shped head cushion to help steady them , but I felt the seat is so safe that I did n't bother with an infant carrier . Just a personal preference and my little ones always did just fine in it . I love this seat & would deffinitley buy it again or reccomend it to anyone . Hope this helps .
 We bought this for our son when he was about 7 months old and outgrew his infant seat . I knew from researching online that I wanted a Britax seat . I really want the Britax Marathon in All-Star print , but wanted to go to Babies R Us and try out the Marathon there to see if it fit well in my Corolla before ordering one . Facing backwards , it did n't fit well , so we ended up with this Roundabout.I love it . It is so soft , my son is very comfortable in this seat . I like the velcro that holds the straps out of the way , no more pulling them out from under the child when it 's time to buckle . The built-in lockoffs really help secure the seat . We have used our Roundabout in both of our cars and it 's always easy to secure using the seatbelt or LATCH.We are very pleased with this seat and plan on buying another for my husband 's car .
 This the only car seat we 've used since we brought our daughter home from the hospital -LRB- she weighed 8 pounds -RRB- . Not only is the seat very functional , it is also very comfortable . My daughter has had a couple of spills on the fabric , and it was very easy to spot clean . Now that we are expecting our second baby , we plan on buying the Marathon for our daughter , and passing the Roundabout on to the new baby.Some of my friends thought it was crazy to spend $ 200 on a car seat , but you ca n't put a price on piece of mind . Also , we did a lot of research to make sure we were n't just buying into the Britax name , but buying the safest car seat on the market . We checked with our state 's safe kid coalition , which handles car seat education and installations . They said the Britax is their top recommendation . If you invest in anything for your baby , it should be their car seat . You can save on other things like an expensive comforter set , or changing table .
 This seat is awesome !!! We live in a very hot part of California and this is the ONLY seat that has a belly protector , which is a piece of material that provides a barrier from the plastic/metal latch in between your child 's legs and up around the tummy area , keeping the child 's exposed skin protected from potentially harming hot seat parts ... BRILLIANT !!! I really wanted this seat for my daughter , but was forced to look around due to the high price ... until , I read a review giving this address
 I bought the Alpha Omega because it was could covert into a booster as my child grows -LRB- she is now 7mo old and just transitioning out of her infant car seat -RRB- . It seemed pretty comfy in the store - but I should have experimented more with the straps , the buckling , and the recliner , etc before buying it . My daughter hated how up right it was - even in its most reclining position . The puzzle buckle was a nightmare and it took 10-15 minutes just to get her in . It was very bulky and all around not a good by for us.I returned it for the Britax Roundabout . For 40 more dollars - it was so much more comfortable for my daughter and EXTREMELY easy to put her in and out of . Much less bulky too . Although it does not convert into a booster - my husband and I think that might be a better choice anyway . It goes to 40lbs - which puts our daughter at age 3 or so . By then we may have another child who will be transitioning out of the infant seat and ready for the Britax , leaving us to just buy a booster for our daughter.At the end of the day - it boils down to make sure your child is safe -LRB- of course -RRB- and comfortable because that will save you tears of frustration and/or hours of a baby/toddler crying . Now is n't that worth the extra $ 40 ?
 After struggling for hours trying to install the sporty-looking Eddie Bauer 3-in-1 , we decided to break down and try the Britax . Boy were we glad ! Unlike the lady who says this seat comes down to the `` squishy cover '' , I wholly disagree
 We just bought this seat for our 6 mo old son . It is WONDERFUL ! We have a newer Corolla and the seat fits great . Our son was really starting to dislike his infant car seat , but this one he loves . He snuggles right in and it looks very comfy . The straps do not twist , there is velcro on the sides of the seat to attach the straps to , which makes getting him in and out of the seat much more simple . I would recommend this to everyone I know !
 I am an over neurotic first time mom that does n't even buy diapers without researching them first . I spent countless hours on the internet researching what would be the most important purchase for my son . After trying out the Evenflo Triumph Deluxe -LRB- highly recomended by consumer report -RRB- which is n't worth the plastic it is made from , i bought the Britax Roudabout . I HIGHLY recomend this wonderful car seat . It is very easy to install and my son has not complained once since we made the switch . The cover comes off easily to wash and the straps are very easy to adjust and fit my sons body perfectly . I had a car seat safety check officer go over my seat , and he told how happy he was to see that i had the Britax , that it was the best car seat on the market . In this case you definitely get what you pay for . Hope this helped .
 We bought this seat after returning the Eddie Bauer 3-in-1 Convertible Tech Elite that was way too big for my car -LRB- 2000 Buick Century -RRB- . The Britax was originally our 1st choice because of its noted safety features but the Eddie Bauer was $ 20 less so we went with it instead . Even though the Britax costs more , it is worth every cent !!! For $ 20 more , we got the luxury of easy installation , plenty of room in the back seat because of its narrow base , a seat that is reclined all the way in the rear-facing position -LRB- & even with a pool noodle under the front of the base because our back seat really slopes -RRB- , plenty of room to slide our front seats almost all the way back for extra leg room , & best of all -LRB- other than its safety -RRB- ... one happy little almost 6 month old son whos head does n't fall forward when he 's asleep ! I think the manufacturers review on this seat said to think of combining a safe seat with a teddy bear & you 'll get this seat . They were right on the money ! We love it ! It is truely like a big fluffy & safe pillow . Our son falls asleep about 5 minutes after we strap him in . Ca n't ask for anything better than that ! Great buy !!!
 We started out with the Alpha Omega Elite and it was a nightmare ! I retured that seat and bought this one . It is very easy to correctly install and is very comfy for baby . It even has velcro to hold the straps to the sides so when you put the baby in you do n't have to fish them out from under him . This seat is worth the money and I highly recommed it .
 We purchased the Roundabout carseat for our daughter 3 years ago for two reasons , -LRB- 1 -RRB- Safety
 After a lot of research , we settled on this carseat for our son . We are very happy with it , but there are a couple things I wish we 'd known in advance : - It 's a very large seat . We have a VW Passat , not a particularly small car , and the base of the carseat is right at the front edge of the back seat . It comes close to not fitting on the seat at all
 Exactly as advertised . Good product for the price . Fitted sheets fit even better after washing . Very nice crisp clean look . So far so good , I 'm happy with this purchase . Can be used for boy or girl and can be customized easily , would match any nursery color or theme .
 I love everything about this product , came quick , looks amazing , super soft and it was the perfect shade I was looking for.I definitely recommend this bedding set
 I was given this from my mother -LRB- who purchased item from amazon -RRB- for my baby shower , and it 's just what I was wanting for my little girl 's room . It 's very simple , no patterns or designs , just a very basic solid lavender . I feel as though the color in the photo is a little bit darker than the actual color , but you can see how mine looks in my pictures I have posted.The quality of the items are why I give the 4 star rating . The blanket is a very VERY simple , basic fleece with a simple , thin satin-type ribbon around the edges . The two sheets are actually decent - softer than the sheet that came with a set I bought for my other daughter from babiesrus - but they are n't super duper fitting , like the crib set from babies or the carter sheets . I do n't mind it too much , but for those who are super crazy about fitted things , these sheets may seem a bit `` big . '' Although I feel that once the bedding and bumper and mattress were all settled in , it was not as noticeable or concerning . I do like that the bumpers do n't have a million ties - which makes taking it off and putting it on much easier than my babies set that has 22 ties.For the price it may not seem like much , but compared to some of the $ 160 + sets at other stores , I could n't pass this set up -LRB- it was on my registry -RRB- . I am glad it was purchased for me , and I love the simplicity of it . I have it paired with my white Pottery Barn Kendall crib and I think it looks great . I probably wont be using the fleece blanket much , since I live in Southern AZ and it 's rarely cold enough , but the two sheets , bumper , and skirt go great with my room decor !
 I was debating between this set and one on another website that was very similar but cost over $ 300.00 . I decided to order this , and I 'm so glad I did ! The sheets are pretty soft even without washing them yet , and the blanket with the satin trim is lovely . Also , in the description that I read , it stated that the crib skirt was 10 inches long , but it is actually 13.5 inches long , which was a very pleasant surprise . For the price , you ca n't beat this set !
 I purchased this item from a baby shower gift registry . As far as I know , the recipient is very happy with the product .
 Every time I receive a baby shower invitation , I order one of these.I think they are wonderful for the busy Mom & Dad to keep an eye on the new baby . Also , they are the perfect gift and usually it is not a duplicate gift . Every new baby should have one .
 I 've been using this monitor for 5 months now and it has worked wonderfully . The picture is clear , , even in complete darkness and the sound quality is great . We do have some interference from our cell phones if they are too close to the monitor , however it 's nothing that ca n't be avoided by just moving the cell phone . I really recommend this product !
 Saw it in action . Positioned correctly the view is clear . It wasset up in an upstairs bedroom with the viewer in the kitchen ... could see mom and babe well .
 We received this as a gift , and even it is hard to get a good reception sometimes , it is the best video monitor we found . We bought about 3 others to try , and they were n't as good as this one . I like how you can turn down the volume on it , b ut you never turn it off . So even if you ca n't hear your baby , you 'll see the lights on the monitor light up . Worth the money !
 I 've been using this monitor for about 3 months now and I love it . I bought it when our daughter started sleeping in her own room and we can now finally get some sleep just as if she was sleeping right next to us . It works great in a completely dark room . It took me a few days to get used to the bright monitor which I 've put on our nightstand and I had to reposition the camera a few times to find the best spot for it to get a clear picture and now I can not live without it . I should have bought it when my daughter was born . Now when I hear my daughter I do n't have to run to her room , I just watch her from the monitor and most of the time she goes right back to sleep.I recommend this to everyone with an infant or toddler .
 For us , this monitor has been very durable and such a lifesaver for almost 4 years now . We use it at every nap , 10 hours a night , and it has even made multiple trips with us . The only thing I have noticed from time to time is that the sound has gotten a little touchy -- I sometimes have to work with it to get it where I want it , but that just began within the past few months and it 's really not a big hassle . We are now expecting baby # 2 and I just wish we could get an extra camera for this monitor !
 When we first bought this monitor over 3 1/2 years ago , we read the previous reviews and expected the monitor to only last 6 months . So , when it stopped working at a year old , we were happy it lasted so long . BUT THEN , WE FOUND THE EASY FIX ! The monitor was n't even turning on , so we figured it was an internal problem . My husband messed with it however and we discovered that removing the clear plastic cover over the lights , released the power button from its stuck position -LRB- which was not visually apparent -RRB- and that was it ! Now , 3 1/2 years and we are still happy with it.I 'll admit that with our 2nd child , we tried to upgrade to a more expensive video monitor with a less bulky screen , but it was constantly getting static and had this movement sensor that you could n't turn off ! Needless to say , we went back to this one.I do not claim this one to be perfect however . I wish that there were numbers on the volume dial , so I drew a permanent dot on the spot where I like it to be set . It does occasionally get static or the picture flips but it happens less than any other monitors we 've had and it does n't happen often enough to bother me . With a simple adjustment , it stops . The camera is easy to angle how you want on the baby and it is nice to be able to carry around just the volume piece if you like . You can order additional ones as well.Over the years , I have tried to prolong the life of the screen . I have the volume on all night but I turn off the screen and only turn it on to check if my son is really awake -LRB- meaning he 's standing up in his crib -RRB- . Overall , definitely worth the money ! I still use it every night and it shows no signs of dying out !
 We have had this monitor for over a year and it has worked wonderfully . The audio only monitor is clearer than 2 others we tried . Even on the lowest setting I can hear just the baby and not all static or constant hiss which is helpful when you are a light sleeper.The video monitor is so great to see what our little one is doing in his crib . Sounds I would have thought were cries I can see him playing with his toys and do n't rush in right away and let him wake up slowly or play in his crib . I often use the tv with just the video on without the sound when I am in the kitchen - I can see the lights diminish as he falls asleep without having to listen to every squawk and protest to a nap.Great product .
 We 've been using this monitor for 19 months and -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- have n't had problems with it . I hope that continues . I 'm registering for my second unit because I 'm expecting another baby and want to use one in his room . I thought about seeing if I could just get another camera , but the extra monitor would be nice to have on another floor.I 'm not overly paranoid about my kids ' safety , I just love that I can see what 's happening in the room without tiptoeing to the door and peeking in . For instance , I know my daughter does n't need me to come in her room if she 's crying and still lying down -- it 's when she stands that I know she 's serious . Ca n't tell that from an audio monitor.Your children also provide the best TV entertainment you can watch . They 're hilarious in the crib , and that brings a lot of joy to me and my husband .
 I returned my video monitor even though it seemed to work fine . I wanted this at first thinking I would need it with my child , but so far -LRB- in 6 months -RRB- I have not really needed the video component and so never set the monitor up . We have a small house , so I can hear her really well from just about anywhere in the house . I also leave her nursery room door open enough to be able to peek in - it is just not necessary to have the video monitor . I also realized that since I would primarily be using it at night , the room would be dark , and the monitor does not seem to work nearly as well in the dark , so it would not be that useful to me . I have heard it is an advantage if your child is a realy noisy sleeper and you are bothered by hearing the sleep noises - you can then just visually check on your child without having to wonder what the noises are . But , from my experience , even when she makes noises at night you learn to tell the difference between sleep and awake noises pretty fast , so I think an audio monitor -LRB- a 20-30 .00 one -RRB- would be totally sufficient.Now that my infant is rolling over at night , I am actually a lot more worried about her breathing and getting her face trapped than I was when she was littler , so I am getting the AngelCare monitor that assesses breathing and sounds an alarm if they stop breathing . I plan to use that one with any future children as well when they are newborns . It is cheaper than the video monitor and comes with an audio component as well.I think it 's nice to have a monitor but if you have your child close to you in your house -LRB- like when ours was a newborn we usually had her sleeping near us in various rooms -RRB- , or have a small house , or have your child in your room with you at night -LRB- ours has slept in a port-a-crib for 6 months in our room -RRB- , then a fancy video monitor is not really necessary . I 'll post a review on the AngelCare monitor once we get that set up and working .
 I have a toddler and a newborn whose bedrooms are upstairs and our master bedroom is downstairs . This monitor has saved lots of trips up and down during the night . I own 2 . I put one camera in each room using separate channels . I put the tv monitor on the babies room and the separate audio receiver on the toddler - that way I can hear them both at the same time and do n't have to have 2 large tv monitors in my room . If ever I need to look in on the toddler I simply change channels on the tv monitor . This monitor is the only one I have found that works in my home with 3 cordless phones and a wireless network .
 We originally purchased the Summer Infant video monitor but even after waiting for the company to replace a faulty video monitor -LRB- sound worked , video did not -RRB- , the picture quality was terrible . Even putting the monitor outside the baby 's room with the door open , we had zero reception . We picked up the Safety 1st system , having been happy with some of their other products , and have been very pleased with the product . The picture quality is very good , even at night , and the audio picks up everything in the room and in the vicinity of the room . This product was well worth the money spent . We also loved that it came with an extra audio receiver that we were able to keep in a different room .
 We love our in sight video monitor ! We use it at every nap and all night long . You turn off the monitor and just get sound if you want , but rather than geting up or opening our sons door at every peep I just check the monitor . The image and sound are crystal clear and we dont ever get interfearance . The best part is watching him play in the middle of the night or when he first wakes up and we 're not in the room . I once went in to get his thumb out of his mouth since I saw him sucking on it clear as day on the monitor but when I went in his room , I couldnt even see his face , thats how clear the image is!As for a movement monitor , Its called angle care movement and breathing detector . We got one but never used it since he was in our room the first 3 months and now I can hear him breathing on the Sights and sounds monitor .
 I had listed a different monitor on my baby registry and this one was purchased instead by my mother-in-law , and I am glad she did . This Video monitor is perfect for what we need . It allows us to keep an eye on our daughter from any room in our house . The hand held receiver is great if we are on a different floor than our daughter . We have little or no static with the monitor or receiver . I love it .
 We have been using this monitor for three months & absolutely love it , but the night vision already broke , now we have to leave a light on in our daughter 's room to be able to see her at night . We called 800-544-1108 & were told we will receive a new camera free of charge within four weeks , as it is back ordered . Apparently , after reading other reviews , this is a common problem with this product . But when it does work , it 's a wonderful video monitor .
 We tried out a few differant monitors . I am the mom of 7 -LRB- due in a couple weeks with # 8 -RRB- and also a daycare provider so I know it will get a lot of use.I have looked at and purchased many styles untill I found this one . We have tried this around the house.We love that it has both the video and audio seperate . The video screen has dials in the back to adjust the contrast , brightness and hold and also 2 channels . When we first turned it on it was fuzzy but all I had to do was adjust the color and brightness . We have tried this in light and in our dark bedroom and it was wonderful . Even in total dark it worked great for us !! No fuzz no nothing clear as a black and white image can be . I love it !! Would n't traid it for any other !! They also did a review on the local television `` try it before you buy it '' feature and it got the thumbs up from them also -LRB- which was the first reason I purchased it -RRB-
 We had the first version , the 2.4 GH one , and it was just awful ! Everytime we used our microwave or talked on our 2.4 GH cordless phones , the video monitor crackles so much that we had to turn it all the way down , so then could n't hear baby.Then the volume stopped working , it would only work when turned up ALL THE WAY ! Ugh ! My husband hated it , but I insisted on keeping it so I could at least see my baby - I got hooked on that feature . I did wish I had bought the one by Summer though since it was n't 2.4 gh . I learned that there is such thing as TOO MUCH technology!THEN , the picture died too ! Now I just had a really loud audio monitor , that 's it ! So I called Safety First -LRB- Dorel -RRB- and THEY WERE AWESOME ! A few questions , they had me send back the camera and cords , and sent me a brand new one!The new one , I was thrilled to see , is 900mh ! IT IS AWESOME ! It does n't react at all to our microwave or phones , the sound is great , and it came with an additional audio monitor to take outside , etc. I read the other reviews , but our picture is great ! Of course , I had grown accustomed to the other version , which crackled and was grainy ! We have the camera mounted on the wall just above the crib , just out of baby 's reach , and it 's perfect!We are so impressed with their customer service and the fact that they stood by their product by replacing it after all those months ! I still do n't know how the Summer brand is , but I definitely recommend this video monitor ! Now I can see and hear my baby perfectly !
 Even though we share a room with my almost 7-month old , we would be lost without this monitor . Babies make alot of noise when they sleep . With this monitor , you can see if she 's simply just making noise or if you need to attend to her . We traveled to Maine to a house party for my brother-in-law 's birthday . There were alot of people there that we did not know . I would not of been able to relax after she went to a different floor to sleep without my TV next to me verifying that she was safe and sound . I read the other reviews , it is true that the cordless phone makes you loose the picture . I found that that only happens if the phone is in the same room as the TV , and you still have sound . That is why I voted 4 stars instead of 5 . That is the ONLY FLAW . Nightime vision is excellent . Picture is perfect ! If this monitor broke today , I would feel that I got my money 's worth and would run out to buy another .
 We recieved this monitor as a shower gift and did not begin to use it until we moved baby into his own room . We love it . Since we do n't respond to every whimper or fuss we like to check on him without actually going in the room . We can see if his eyes are open . If they are open we can go in and get him . If he 's still sleeping and just readjusting we let him fall back asleep on his own without disturbing him . It gives us great peace of mind when we can check on him . We also like the sound feature which has a variable light with the intensity of sound in the room . I highly recommend it .
 There were alot of bad reviews for this monitor which made me nervous at first since I knew I had gotten this one on my gift registry ... but it has always worked very well for us . I gave it four starts simply because one time I turned it on and it had waves on the screen , but the next time it did n't ... must 've been interference from somewhere . It is quite expensive , but we have been very satisfied with this model .
 This is the second video monitor we have tried and absolutely love this one . The picture quality is good and the range and reception are wonderful . I would definitely recommend this monitor .
 I have twins and this has been one of the most helpful products we have gotten . The picture on the monitor is very clear and if one of the twins makes a noise not only can you hear it , but there are also lights on top of the monitor to indicate the noise level as well . This product is a little expensive , however it is well worth the money !! Trust me , I can be negative on a lot of products , but this is not one of them . You will not be disappointed if you buy this product .
 We love this monitor , it has worked great for us for 9 mo now . Its is great to watch her when she does n't know she 's being watched . We do n't have interference problems or anything like that .
 I ca n't believe alot of the reviews I 've read regarding this monitor . We have been using it for eight months and have never had a problem ! The picture is perfectly clear as well as the sound . This monitor has been worth every penny - If something does happen to go wrong with it - I would spend the money again to get another one .
 When I was researching a video monitoring system , I was pretty turned off by the reviews I read for this product . My sister-in-law has the Baby quiet sounds by Summer Infants . Hers worked great , so I decided to get the Summer product instead of the Safety 1st . When we got the Summer monitor home , there was nothing but static and rolling picture . We literally turned off every appliance in the house to try to get it to work ! NOTHING worked . So , we returned it and bought the Safety 1st sight and sound video monitor . I was not very confident that it would work , but I thought it was worth a try . Well , to my amazement , the Safety 1st Sight and Sound video monitor works great ! There is absolutely no interference . Even in total darkness , we can tell if baby has his eyes open or closed ! So , if one product does not work for you , try a different one . Apparently , the different brands must be sensitive to different types of interference .
 We were very skeptical of owning a video monitor , but it is a MUST HAVE !! Our bdrm is downstairs and our daughter 's is upstairs ! The video camera is addictive and a lifesaver when you need to get things done , but want to know what your baby is doing in his/her crib !! We travel EVERYWHERE with our monitor and both sets of grandparents BEG us to bring it to their house ! Our neighbors GAVE us this device b/c they had interference ... we 've never had problems ... even on our trips ! I recommend this monitor to ALL of my friends and can not stress enough the peace of mind it has brought to us as 1st time parents and as parents who did n't have to continue running in our baby 's room bc the monitor showed us everything happening in her crib !! It is worth every dollar !!
 I am really satisfied with this monitor . We lucked out , I think everyones opinions are so different because it is just a chance with the reception in monitors depending on your surroundings . The picture we get is CRYSTAL CLEAR . The sound is CRYSTAL CLEAR . The volume control is perfect , and it is nice to have the extra walkie talkie piece . This has been one of the BEST purchases we have made , definatley worth the extra money . But again , it probably depends on where you live as to the reception you get.I would definatley recommend this though !!
 We purchased this monitor based on many reviews both for this particular model and various other brands . We have found that this monitor works very well , the picture is clear and works great in the dark . I have no interference problems . The only time it occurs is when we might walk by , however , it still shows a pretty decent picture . Certainly gives us peace of mind with a flip of the switch ! I would recommend this monitor .
 This video monitor is EXCELLENT ! It was our third purchase - so three is a charm . The others had terrible reception and interference . Not this one . It is perfect . I suggest trying out the monitors in your home before discarding receipts and box . Some brands may just work better in some homes . This one is great for our home . My only concern is that we are expecting another baby and now I would like to have two camera 's since our first baby will only be 15 months old . I need a dual monitor system and I do n't think one is available with this brand .
 my baby was born at just 26 weeks , and had many apnea spells along the way where she would totally stop breathing and lay there blue , until a nicu nurse resusitated her . they just sent my baby home at only 36 weeks gestation age ; only 4 lbs ! i was scared to death to take her home without a monitor from the hospital . i also thought i would be watching her like a hawk for 24 hours a day to make sure she didnt stop breathing ... . then I i bought the angelcare Movement sensor monitor which was super ! thank you god ! the first night we brought her home from the nicu , we hooked this baby up and it works like a dream ! PEACE OF MIND AT LAST ! SLEEP AT LAST ! i can be downstairs and tell if my baby is breathing or not ! i dont have to hover over her 24/7 . go out and get one of these straight away . -LRB- no i dont work for the company ! -RRB- i am just really really thrilled with this item ! UPDATED
 I bought a different brand of monitor and never could get the picture to work so I exchanged it for this one . The picture is pretty great I was impressed but I hear a roaring in the sound but it is not extremely bad or anything . Overall , I am happy with this monitor and glad that I can see my son now without having to go into his room and wake him up to check on him .
 After reading the previous reviews I felt compelled to add my thoughts . I received this item as a baby shower gift . Being a new mom I wanted to keep an eye on my newborn at all times . This product works wonderfully for me since it combines sight and sound and allows me to see what my baby is doing and if there is a need for me to go to the nursery . I 've used it on the same floor and also used the camera on one floor & the monitor on another and always received perfect reception . This is a lifesaver for my nerves .
 If you are considering a monitor ... pay extra for a VIDEO monitor.The picture is clear and can be adjusted to be lighter or darker for those of us that like a darker room to sleep in . I simply could not of gotten any sleep as a first time mother had I not been able to see my son peacefully sleeping in his crib every time I opened my eyes at night.We use both the video monitor and the separate hand held monitor all the time and have had no problems that could not be adjusted easily.Forget getting up all night long to check on your angel and buy a VIDEO monitor instead .
 I 'm not sure why this is getting such bad reviews . I think it has an excellent picture and sound quality . I was hesitant to purchase it due to the awful reviews , but received it as a gift and I am so glad I did . The image is very clear -LRB- even in the dark -RRB- and I can hear the littlest sound . It was easy to set up and use . I have no complaints and recommend this without hesitation .11 / 30/2009I am editting the review to add to it.I continued to love this item . Worked great for two years . Just after two years the monitor stopped getting a picture . The audio still worked on the monitor and the extra hand-held receiver . I would still recommend whole-heartedly .
 This monitor has given us such peace as a parent . My husband and I are Baby Wise parents and do not want to disturb our child during sleep time if we do n't need to . He is also a very noisy sleeper . If I went in to check on him after every sound he makes , I would never get anything else done . While he is in his crib , I just go about my day and look at the video monitor whenever I want to check on him.I believe this monitor also gives parents who are concerned about SIDS more peace as well . When looking at the monitor , you can see little movements your baby might be making or you can see how he has changed positions over time . My son is 15 weeks old and is sleeping 11 hours -LRB- without interruptions -RRB- at night . Since he is sleeping so long , I like to be able to just sit up in bed in the middle of the night and look to see if he is still ok without going up 14 stairs one-way to get to his room.I know some reviews have said that their monitor broke & was too expensive to replace . If my monitor breaks , I have no problems buying replacement parts or even a new monitor and we are not rich . To me , it is that worth it!I will recommend this product to all of my pregnant friends .
 We just had the unexpected arrival of our son 3 weeks early and really needed a monitor we felt we could rely on . This monitor has all the features we needed to feel most comfortable . It has worked very well for us -- without any problems whatsoever . I would definitely recommend it to other parents interested in a reliable visual and audio monitor . We love it !
 This thing works great ! I 've been most impressed with it 's ability to show a clear picture in total darkness . The infrared LEDs on the camera do a great job of illuminating a nice wide area out to about 5 or 6 feet . I 'm always showing it off to friends who come over :--RRB- The audio reception is super as well , being able to pick up the faintest breathing sounds from 5 + feet away . It uses 900MHz , so if you have 900MHz cordless phones , or if you living in a high density area where your neighbors might use 900MHz phones , you could get some interference . Fortunately the camera and the monitor have two channels , and most phones have multiple channels too , so with some experimentation , I was able to eliminate almost all of the interference . Now the screen will flicker when the phone rings , but generally stays fine during the call . When the phone is not in use , Interference is n't a problem.We 've been using it for over five months now , and I ca n't imagine being without it . Especially when we moved our boy out of the bassinette in our room , into the crib in his room . This monitor is what allowed us to stay in our own bed , rather than camping out on the floor in our son 's room.It is about 4-5 times more expensive than an audio only monitor , but if you can afford it , you owe it to your self for the piece of mind it brings to get this video monitor .
 We have been using this monitor since November of 1996 and we love it . We have loaned it to friends and now it is back home to watch over our third and it works as well as ever . Safety 1st really stands behind this product , too . We had trouble with the monitor in the beginning and they sent us a new one , no hassles ! I am now buying 2 more ; one for a friend 's shower gift and one for my cousin . I think everyone should have one . There are so many interuptions in new parents sleep , every sound from the nusery does n't have to add to that stress .
 We bought this monitor based off the employees comments on it and the disapproving opinions of the other video monitors . This was the best purchase we made for our son . We can see and hear him perfectly clear all the time . The best part is you can turn off the monitor so you can just see him , just hear him , or hear and see him . The other adaptor works wonderful when roaming through the house or doing yard work when our son is sleeping . I would advise this product to anyone who is looking for the video monitors !
 It 's fantastic ! Ours has been pluged in and turned on since April 2005 and it 's now 2009 . We used it for our first son born in 2005 and we leave the audio device on in the kitchen and truthfully we have only EVER turned it off when we go on vacation . The video TV still works as well now as it did when we first bought it . We are using it again for our newborn and if it ever stops working I will buy the same one again.It has been left on for 3 years 9 months straight and it 's as good now as when we first purchased it !
 We bought this monitor -LRB- and use it along with another sensor monitor -RRB- . I love it . It is great to be able to turn the video part on during the night and check on the baby instead of having to get up and go over and possibly disturb him . I love having it - works wonderful !
 We have a wireless network and all cordless phones -LRB- 2.4 GHz -RRB- and there is minimal interference with this monitoring system . I have to admit that my house is small so we are not challenging the range on the video monitor , but the audio monitor works well into the deepest parts of our back yard 100 + feet . I only wish they made one with two cameras as we are expecting another and are unwilling to go to a purely audio system and would prefer not to have two screens . As for video vs. audio , we are not particularly paranoid parents but got a video monitor based on a recommendation . Almost 2 yrs later , we are so glad we did ! It has really helped us to distinguish between the kind of crying/fussing that you actually get up and address vs. the kind that is not to be taken seriously . I 'd say it 's saved us unnecessary sleepless nights . I would recommend this monitor to anyone .
 I was shocked how bad some of the reviews were on this product . I was ordering one for someone 's shower gift when I saw them . I have had this monitor for 2 1/2 yrs and have used it everyday during this time . It is still working . The sound is starting to flick in and out on the video monitor . We have occassional problems with resception but nothing a little maneuvering can not fix . Our daughter 's room is now upstairs and across the house -LRB- 4300 sq feet house -RRB- and we get great reception . I use this monitor now even more than when she was a baby b/c she is in a twin bed and I need to see what she is up to , ie staying in bed and lying down . I also loved it when she was in the crib so once she was in bed I would never go back in to check on her until I knew she was asleep . It is harder to see at night but you can see movement just fine . I am thankful we have it and that mine has lasted so long .
 This monitor is great for many reasons . We love seeing our baby wake up quietly , if we only had audio we would n't necessarily know he was awake until he 'd start to fuss/cry . The image can vary from crisp to staticky , but it 's mostly good . However , our favorite thing about this monitor is that after dropping the tv thing MULTIPLE times , it still works as good as new ! Yeah , there 's room for improvement but it really is a great product and serves its purpose well .
 I have to say that I am amazed at the ratings on this product . I see SOOO many people having problems , but for me , this has been one of the best purchases I have made . I have purchased 4 different monitors and ALWAYS got static and humming . I wanted the video monitor to keep an eye on my `` climber '' . I have had it for 4 months now and it works perfectly . The picture is clear -LRB- even though the inside of her room is quite dark -RRB- and the sound is perfect . I say , give the product a chance , the reviews very positive or very negative ... GIVE IT A CHANCE !!!
 I had the camera upstairs and the monitor downstairs . The picture was very clear and the night time LEDs worked great . According to many of the reviews , the monitors goes out after a few months . I will have to see about that because I just bought it.The night LEDs are Infrared folks -LRB- like your TV remote -RRB- ... . that means you will not see them light up . If they produced visible light , it would keep your child up at night.I suggest buying the 1-year replacement plan at Babies r Us for 16.99 . That would give you 1 year and 3 months of protection . 90 days to return to store and 1 year on the plan .
 We have had this monitor for 21 months now . I ca n't imagine not having it . It provides peace of mind and minimizes trips up and down the stairs to check on our little one . We have not run into interference that the other reviewers have written about , with the exception of the microwave oven . Now that our daughter is graduating to her `` big girl '' room , we are getting a second monitor for that room . I only wish that Safety 1st would make a monitor that could watch two rooms .
 We have this monitor and I could not live without it . I cant imagine not being able to see my daughter at night if I hear her making noise . The camera works great and the picture is clear . I have noticed that if I move the camera to certain areas of the crib the reception will suffer so you have to get the camera in just the right spot . The handheld unit works great throughout the house -LRB- 3600sqft -RRB- although it doesnt work if I go out in the driveway , I bought a cheap $ 20 one that takes care of that . This product has worked great for us !
 I 've owned this monitor 2 months now and so far so good . But based on the other comments , I feel like I 'm waiting for it to poop out . It 'll be hard to live without , I love this monitor !
 This purchase was a gift to my son for my first grandchild . My son loves it . He likes the ability to just watch her from another room without disturbing her . I 'd recommend it to all new parents .
 I recieved this monitor as a gift and am very pleased . I have had the monitor for 14 months . The video is perfect at night and not as good during the day , but works well . The sound is great and for a first time mother at the time really was worth it for peace of mind . The video sometimes interfers with the telephone so the picture gets some static . The small sound only portion works pretty well , but the reception is sometimes scratchy . Overall pleased with the product .
 I have had this monitor for almost 3 years . When I first got it , it burnt out within a few months . Safty 1st easy replaced it for me at no charge . I have been using this one for a while and love it . The only downside id the audio monitor doesnt work well . We have it in our room less than 60 feet away and we get as lot of backfeed and clicking . I actually have a fisher Price audio one for my room and this one for the down stairs .
 We bought one of these ~ 15 months ago when my first daughter moved from our room to her own room . It has been fabulous ever since . I love being able to see when she 's ready to get up from her nap or up in the morning -LRB- she stands up in her crib -RRB- , without having to wait until she cries . It 's wonderful!Now we have another baby , and my big concern was whether or not we 'd be able to use 2 of the same product in one house -LRB- since they would both operate at 900 MHz , though on different channels , as the monitor has a `` I '' and `` II '' channel selector on the back of the camera and screen -RRB- . I called the company first to find out if that would work , and the customer support line was useless . The person I spoke with had no idea and could n't even refer me to a technical support person ! Lame ! But , I went out and bought a second unit yesterday hoping that it would work and determined to return it promptly if I could n't use both simultaneously . Verdict
 UPDATE
 This monitor is a bit difficult to use at nite , however , like most things , this simply takes a little getting used to . Once you learn how to `` see '' your baby at nite , it is quite reliable . Yes , it is much easier to see with a nite light , but it is also possible to see without it . Reason for 4 stars and not 5 is due to static when I sometimes walk past the video receiver . Otherwise , have had this product for 6 months and can say that it is very reliable . I use the the audio receiver downstair and the receptions is great . Would recommend this product if you are patient .
 My in-laws gave us the Safety 1st sight and sound video monitor for a shower gift . Our daughter just turned 8 months and the infared went out . We took it back to Babies-R-Us and they took it back right away -LRB- even without the box -RRB- and gave me a the choice to either get an exact replacement or pay the difference and upgrade to the new color video monitor . I 've had the color monitor for a day and think I 'm going to return it and get the old black and white one . We 've been using the b/w one since our daughter was born and have been pretty happy with it . The reception is clear which is great considering we have a wireless network and several cordless phones . The new color one is nice because the screen is portable and color , but is getting a lot of static . Its horrible because I can live with a little static on the video part but the static is really loud on the audio which makes it impossible to use . For now , I think the b/w is definately good for peace of mind and the better buy .
 We purchased the baby quiet sounds monitor by summer infants and we had to return it twice . The picture was awful we could never get a steady picture I tried and tried my husband said dont waste your time it just doenst work . So when we went back to the store we decided to try this monitor and absolutely loved it . I finally slept , the picture is awesome and the sound is great . We havent had it long but I hope it works well in the future . I guess when it comes to merchandise they make so many brands because everything works differently for everyone ! Its worth spending the extra $ 50 to have one work right out of the box
 We 've only used the monitor for a month , but so far we 're quite pleased . We have a master on main , and planned to use it once we acclimated our little one to sleep upstairs ; but we 've already gotten good use from it . We can go to another room , or even take a shower , wash and do my hair - all for extended periods of time with the assurance that he 's ok because we can hear and SEE his picture -LRB- our son fusses a lot during his sleep , but he 's not necessarily waking up -RRB- . Also worth mentioning , his beautiful brown skin comes through quite nicely -LRB- you people of color know what I mean . -RRB- The image does scatter when our 900 MHz cordless telephone rings , however it goes back to normal once we answer the phone .
 We have had this monitor for 6 months now . I love that the camera has two channels , if one has interference -LRB- static -RRB- , we just switch to the other and it is crystal clear for both video and audio . The camera is easily adjustable , it swivels in many directions , and mounts on the wall - we use both settings depending on whether it 's naptime or bedtime . I gave it 4 stars because sometimes I have to re-adjust the camera if I do n't get it right the first time . I also like the easy to tote around handle since I often lug the monitor from kitchen counter to office to living room . This has enabled me to not be such a `` paranoid '' first parent , and I can now enjoy snuggling with my husband while watching a movie without feeling guilty or experiencing that `` new-mother edge , '' always with half my attention turned towards our baby.Since our house is very large and sound-proof , I used to run upstairs every 5-7 minutes to check on my baby girl . Even when I used an audio monitor alone , I would imagine I heard her crying . Now I know for certain that she is safe and sound and tucked in bed . I can see when she rolls over or starts to crawl and climb in her bed and be there when she needs me . Not to mention the added bonus of being able to better understand your child 's natural sleep patterns since you can see them on the monitor , when they transition from one sleep cycle to the next . -LRB- This helped with getting her to sleep longer . -RRB- We 've brought this monitor with us when we travel since we never know what kind of bed our daughter will be sleeping in , whether in a hotel or at family 's . When she got her first cold and sometimes had difficulty breathing at night , it was great to be able to see her and hear her and to know when I needed to go to her to rinse with saline . I also recommend this monitor to AP parents who co-sleep since it eliminates the worry of your child crawling or rolling out of bed once they learn these tricks . You will love watching your little one on this camera monitor - it 's probably the best thing on tv !
 1 . Video
 We bought this product after trying the camera and monitor system from Summer Infant product , which is rated higher than this Safety 1st product . We bought the Summer product over this one based on the reviews but when we got it home , over the next few days , it got more and more static and could n't get a clear picture . We returned it to the store and bought this Safety First product , despite the bad reviews . We tried it out and the picture was very clear and barely has a hum in the background . We could hear our baby breathing and see him throughout the night which put us at ease . This product also has an extra portable monitor which can be put elsewhere in the house and the sound is just as clear as the main base . This product also has infrared lens on the camera and can be used in a totally dark room . We have experienced no interference even though we have several cordless phones on the same 900 mhz frequency . I would recommend trying this product out to see if it works for you . We would never have tried it based on the other reviews but we did and it worked well for us !
 It 's great to watch my baby sleep ... it keeps us from having to run and down the steps after every peep . It allows us monitor his sleeping habits without having to stand over his bed . We occasionally get some interference and would have to smack the monitor a few times to get our picture back . The picture is pretty clear , even at night . We love it and would n't use another monitor .
 ~ * ~ * ~ * ANOTHER UPDATE - JUNE 6 , 2006 * ~ * ~ * ~ Almost 3 months since my last update and my monitor is still going strong . I have been using it every day for about a year now with no complaints . I 'm really starting to think you either get a good one or a bad one with this product . My daughter will be 13 months on the 8th and sleeps 11-12 hours straight at night , but I still ca n't seem to turn this thing off ! LOL It 's just so great to be able to keep an eye on her without going in her room - especially during her naps ! I really suggest trying this monitor and just keep your receipt and return it if it does n't work out for you . ~ * ~ * ~ * UPDATE - MARCH 10 , 2006 * ~ * ~ * ~ *** Two more months have gone by and our monitor is still working ! I still worry that it 's going to go out , but we use it everyday without a problem . As I mentioned below , we leave the camera on at all times even though the owner 's manual recommends turning it off when not in use . I would still consider buying another one -LRB- or at least attempt getting it replaced -RRB- if it does decide to konk out on us ! *** I love this monitor ! After reading some of the horrible reviews , I was afraid ours was going to do the same thing . We have been using ours for 6 months without a problem . *** Knock On Wood ! *** Our master bedroom is downstairs -LRB- kids ' rooms are upstairs -RRB- and we get perfectly clear reception for both the audio and video . The night vision works great and I love the fact that I can use the brightness control on the back of the monitor to dim the picture at night while I am trying to sleep . That way I can still see my daughter but our room is n't quite so bright.We also took our monitor on vacation with us . We stayed in a 2-story villa and got perfect reception both upstairs and downstairs.All in all , this monitor has been indispensable . I am very happy with it and hope it continues to work ! If it would quit I would first try to get a replacement from the company , but if that did n't work I would seriously consider buying another - I like it that much.Also , we leave the camera on at all times and turn the monitor on and off as needed . I wonder if that has anything to do with preserving the life of the eye . Just a thought .
 Like others , my husband thought this was a great idea . We had a traditional sound-only monitor with our first child and we were OK . I admit I was slightly disappointed with this product in the beginning . The TV got poor reception in our bedroom , and at best the night-vision was a little fuzzy . So we decided to keep the audio monitor in our bedroom and move the visual monitor into our kitchen/living area . For 10 months now , that arrangment has been great . The audio monitor does catch some static , but after finding an interference-free spot , it does its job . It also has a long range -- I can hear my baby clearly whenever I am outside , even when I am a good distance from baby 's room . Once we found the right place for it , the video monitor has been fabulous . I can see my baby just fine with ample light , and at night , I have learned how to see my baby . It takes a little getting used to , but with a nightlight in the baby 's room , you can see the baby clearly enough to check on him . I was so glad to have this monitor when my baby was only a few months old and my 3 year old went in his room while I was cooking supper . I looked up at the monitor and saw that my older child had climbed in the bed with the baby ! Never would have HEARD that happening while I was cooking . Definitely made me happy I could see what was going on!Update
 Here is an UPDATE . Purchased 6 months ago/Broke down 01/30/05 Okay ! Maybe I should have paid more attention to the reviews . All was fine , but then this weekend DEAD ! The monitor went out . * Do n't waste your money . You are better off purchasing a system that works with your pc monitor.After reading the reviews on this monitor , I thought purchasing it would be a mistake . Do n't pay attention to reviews ! It work great ! There are many questions in regards to interference with cordless phone and such . I have a Panasonic 2.4 GHz phone system -LRB- 4 units -RRB- in my home , a wireless internet connection , and many other technical items , and have no interference . The monitor sits in my office on my desk next to the cordless phone system , my pc , monitor , speakers , and there are no problems . The picture is not snowy . The night vision element works fine . I have had this product for 5 months and it has not broken down . It is nice to be able to see baby . Now I can let her sleep or stay awake without my presence , and know she is fine !
 We bought the monitor for our 11 years old son with epilepsy and we are very happy with it . Now we can see him at night , hear how he breathes and we know when he needs us . Plus we can see him during the day and when he is homeschooled too ! I wish the monitor can show more clear at night , because we have to keep the bright night light on to see more clear . But we are happy so far .
 I am a second time mom both of my children had reflux . My first I had to thicken the formular and cut holes in the nipples , sometimes causing the hold to be to big . This time the adjustable flow and the angled bottle with evenflow alows me to adgust the flow rate depending on how thick the formular is and also alows me to feed my son in the upright position so it allows him to not spit up from the usuale laying down position . THEESE ARE GREAT BOTTLES ... I ca n't say enough about them
 The bottle are pretty good ... u have to use the wide nipples though unless these too leak -LRB- just like avent -RRB- My 3 week old son seems to be less gassy since switching to these bottles so that scores good with me ...
 I used Dr. Brown -LRB- good bottles too -RRB- for a month but switched to Avent because I wanted something low maintenance for when my son goes to day care . I used the Avent for 2 weeks on my little boy . I decided to switch because they leaked so much and the nipple seemed to big for his mouth . I wanted something low maintenance so that the ladies at day care wo n't struggle assembling so I choose the Comfi . These bottles are easy to clean and fit easily in your diaper bag -LRB- unlike the Avent -RRB- . My baby adjusted to them quickly . I am glad I tried them out !
 I started out using the Avent system and switched recently to Comfi by Evenflo . I am primarily breastfeeding , and the Comfi bottles seem to work really well with switching back and forth . The Avent nipples were too long and dripped constantly , so for a young baby they were inappropriate . These do n't drip and are the perfect shape for a little mouth accustomed to the breast .
 Best bottle set out there . Consumers can purchase these bottle in Target stores . I 'm very pleased !
 Wonderful ! I am extremelly pleased with this bottle . Many of my friends who use other brands such as Avent and Dr. Brown are really not as pleased with their choice . The design of the bottle really makes it easy for parents and baby to use . Excellent bottle nipples , and easy to clean . I also enjoy the colors . It gives a nice up to date look . I 'm glad I listened to my sister . I made the right choice !
 We used these in our last place , and they worked great . Stuck on the door easily with double-sided tape , stayed put , and were easy to use . However , in our new place , the doors are too widely spaced , and just slide right over it . I 've heard there 's a spacer you can get to solve that problem , but I 've yet to find it .
 Nice bedding set . Super soft . Washes nicely . I love the fitted corners on both the sheet and comforter . My toddler likes her matching pillow . This is the first time she 's slept on a pillow . The pink is a nice soft color .
 I purchased this set for my granddaughter and am so happy I chose this . She absolutely loves the blanket that came with the set and calls it her `` softy covers '' . I have washed this multiple times with great results and could n't be more pleased . Great product .
 This is my son 's primary bed set . It is very soft , the sheets are a quality adults would expect for themselves . It is certainly cozy . My only issue , though it 's barely worth mentioning , is the comforter is fitted , but frankly , not very well , we do n't even bother trying to fit it anymore it would come off in the night anyway . While the comforter is soft and warm , if you have a tosser like we do it is not large or loose enough to really drape over the bed but rather gets twisted up or pushed away easily . It kind of has the stiffness of a sleeping bag due to its shape , but it 's extremely soft to the touch . So it does n't really move with our toddler as easily as a throw blanket might . This is the ONLY toddler comforter we have , so maybe in comparison to others it 's amazing . Our son now has a throw blanket he does n't want to sleep without , the addition seems to help keep the comforter in place too . In terms of warmth , he does n't need both , he gets too hot actually , but he likes them both . We 've had this set for almost two years and the colors are still beautiful -LRB- we chose green -RRB- and very soft and mature . It 's still soft as a lamb .
 Very happy with this ! The bedding is super comfortable and just looks snuggly . My daughter -LRB- very opinionated -RRB- was really pleased with it .
 My little girl loves her blanket . If I am laying near her bed , I fall asleep too . The pillowcase is so cute and comfortable :-RRB- It washed great and stays on her bed .
 The comforter and pillow cover are really nice and super soft . The sheets are nothing special , but I must say they are much better than the cheaper cardboard-like sheet sets I 've seen at Target .
 I looked a long time for bedding for my son 's bed . Everything in the stores was horribly made . I decided to trust the reviews of this and it 's PERFECT . It 's so soft . I 've washed the set numerous times and it looks as new as the day I bought it . My son always tells people to come see his cozy bed . :-RRB- I do agree that it could be a little longer on the sides , but given the options out there I do n't think you 'll find anything better .
 This bedding is great . Lovely and soft , comforter is nice and warm for chillier nights , would n't us in summer . The comforter has fitted corners at the bottom which makes it extra snug . The color is a lovely soft green . Would definitely buy again .
 I needed a toddler bedding set for my two year old and this one was just perfect . It is made out of the same minky dot material as her blankie so she does n't even need the blankie to fall asleep anymore . She tells me every night that it 's so cozy ;-RRB- I LOVE that it is secured at the bottom of both the sheets and comforter with elastic so that the sheets do n't come out . Ca n't say enough about this set !! Would highly recommend it !
 This is a very pretty soft pink set . It is very soft , lightweight , and well made . It has held up well with multiple washes .
 I searched for weeks for a decent bedding set for my 2.5 year old . She wanted to pick out a new set of bedding for her `` big toddler bed . `` We went to all of the major retailers , and I was shocked at the terrible quality of the bedding -- the sheets with characters -LRB- Lightning McQueen , Thomas the Tank Engine , Dora -RRB- were consistently made of sheets that were see-through and felt like plastic or sandpaper.These sheets are wonderful ! I am so pleased ! They are soft , smooth , and I love that the flat sheet and comforter have one fitted end , which keeps the bedding on my daughter while she sleeps . The comforter is light but is quite warm , even for my daughter , whose bed is near a window . I 'll probably toss a throw on her when it gets colder , but for a primary comforter it 's perfect .
 I ordered this set for my 21 month old . I was really pleased with the overall look and quality of the set and I think the fitted end on the flat sheet and comforter is genius . I only wish the sides were just about 2 inches longer so that they could be tucked in . My daughter must betucked in at night and this just does n't allow for that . Overall a good product .
 I purchased two of these sets for my twins . They are amazing - just what I was looking for ! The minky is incredibly soft and cozy . The comforter and top sheet stay tucked so nicely . I love the softness of the jersey cotton.My one twin prefers to flip the pillow over becasue he doesnt like the minky side on his face at night but the other side of the pillow if soft jersey so it works perfectly . I could not be happier with this set !
 I loved this set because of the price . It 's super soft and cute for girl or boy in this light green color . My baby girl has it accented with all her little pink stuffed animals . The comforter is super soft minky and the jersey sheets stay soft wash after wash . I loved that it had a flat sheet too . Most toddler sets do n't for this price . But the thing that really made me purchase this set was the standard size pillow sham . Toddler pillows are a waste of time and money !
 I looked every where for toddler bedding that did not have a cartoon character on , was soft , not too expensive and looked good . It was between this and a much more expensive set from Pottery Barn Kids , and I am very pleased that I picked this one . It is very VERY soft , washes wonderfully , and has a fitted end to the top sheet and the comforter so it always stays tucked in ! If you want a cozy bed for your little one , without a giant Sponge Bob on it , buy this !
 I purchased this because my 3 year old would not stay in her bed all night and wanted to be in Mommy 's cozy bed almost every night . I am so happy I did ! This is exactly what I needed to make her bed cozy too . It 's very very soft and plush . I also got the chenille fitted sheet sold separate and the fluffy matress pad cover to complete the feel for her . I actually wish I could buy this full set in Ca King size for my bed ! Very very soft , like sleeping on a cloud ! I am happy to report she now stays in her bed all night in her own cozy bed ! Finally a good night sleep for both of us ! It 's amazing what quality bedding can do !
 Love it - My girls love these sheets . Much better than the Dora sheets I bought .
 Beautiful , soft and great quality . My 2 year old loves it and falls asleep so soundly because it is so soft and comfortable .
 This is the perfect product for a toddler bed . Grandchild seems to sleep better with it on the bed because of its design . The product is elasticized and tucks into the end of the bed . She ca n't toss the blanket off and get cold at night as easily because of this . I was a little hesitant about the micro dot thing , thought they might be uncomfortable , but they are n't . It 's very soft and well made , we have washed numerous times already and it has n't fallen apart or shrunk .
 I was so pleased when this arrived . It is a nice light green color and extremely soft . It also tucks both the comforter and the sheet at the end of the bed with a fitted body . My daughter loves it and snuggles right in . It has yet to get out of place or fall off the bed , so I know she is warm all night .
 I bought this set for my 16-month old daughter and we love it ! The comforter and flat sheet both have a fitted bottom so her feet wo n't get all tangled up . The comforter is light but keeps her warm , which is great since we live in Alaska ! The colors are beautiful and the quality of all pieces are great ! Unfortunately , you can not order this through Amazon to have it shipped to Alaska - I had to order it directly through Baby SuperMall and spend almost $ 30 in shipping - but it was worth it .
 We purchased this bedding to go with my son 's new toddler bed . -LRB- It is the KolKraft race car bed -RRB- . The colors are a perfect match and after being washed several times the colors have not faded , and the quality of the sheets has held up very well . The fitted sheets and comforter stay put and I 'm never worried that my little guy is cold because his blanket fell off . It was a little pricey , but I am very happy with this purchase . It is difficult to find cute toddler bed sheets that are fitted and do n't have Disney Characters on them .
 I bought this for my 2 1/2 year old daughter as we transition from her crib to a `` big girl '' bed and I could not be happier with it . The quality is great , the colors are crisp and the whole set together is adorable . Coordinates exceptionally well with products from `` The Butterfly Grove '' -LRB- butterflies , dragonflies , etc. -RRB- that are also for sale by Amazon .
 I bought this because my daughter 's throw was getting too small . The quality is great . I washed it before using , and it washed well , no problems at all . I love how it has gathers on the end so it will stay around the bottom edges of the mattress and wo n't be pulled off as your child sleeps through the night . The pink is pretty neutral and really could match many decors well . This is definitely a reasonably priced , well crafted product that will hold up and look attractive until we transition to a full sized bed for our daughter .
 Bought the pink set for my daughter 's convertible crib , now that she 's using it as a day bed . I was looking for something neutral , and wanted it to be 100 % cotton -LRB- not like many of them that are polyester -RRB- . This set is perfect . We 've had to wash this set many times , even the comforter , and it still looks brand new . I like that it tucks in at the bottom , so that the covers stay on her at night . Overall Excellent ! I just ordered a second identical set .
 My son is 2 and we got this set to move him out of the crib for his little sister joining us . The bedding has been used for about 6 months now and looks good as new despite getting washed regularly due to diaper leakage and potty training . The colors are vibrant and the bedding that wraps around the mattress is a great idea . Very stylish and a good tranistion to `` big boy '' versus `` baby boy '' .
 I really love these sheets and comforter . The bottom or `` foot '' end of the sheets and comforter are all fitted , so they do n't come untucked and are easy to put on the bed . Great idea ! I 'm so happy I bought these . My twin boys have adjusted to their toddler beds so well .
 This toybox was very easy to put together by myself . The whole thing seems very sturdy except , though they do have a support bar across the bottom , I wish the bottom piece was made of solid wood too . My son loves it and it is great because he can not get stuck in it and it wont pinch his fingers . Best thing is that it shipped for free to Hawaii-wow who would have thought that would be possible !!!
 This was a good item for the price . Many toy boxes are priced in the 100 dollar range and probably are n't any better quality than this one . We did have to drill one hole that was n't predrilled . It went together quick and easy and best of all I do n't have to worry about anyone slamming their fingers in the lid . The lid does hover above the box , just like it appears in the picture . It will stay open when raised .
 I love this Blanket . It is hard to register for things online that you do n't actually get to see or feel in the store , but this blanket lived up to my expectations . I received it as a shower gift and the quality is exactly what I wanted and expected . It matches great with the Swinging Care Bear Bedding Set that is offered through Babies R ' Us . I have n't yet washed it , but as long as it retains it 's pile , I would highly recommend it .
 This blanket passed my expectations . I was worried it would n't be good cuz its so cheap in price . But this blanket is soft and wonderful
 The extra length of this 34 '' pad is most appreciated by by 17month old . Perfect length ! It is durable and has a strap that you can attach to the changing table .
 I had a changing table top , but no pad to go with it . This fit perfectly and is nice because it 's oversized compared to the others out there . Nice cushioning , seems quite sturdy and plastic covered in case of tinkles on the pad.Highly recommend .
 Have the Emily changing table and the included pad cracked after one week of use . Bought this to replace and fits the Davinci Emily changing table perfectly . good choice but little expensive .
 This pad is perfect , waterproof for when she pees , and the soft cover thingy I got from another manufacturer fits like a glove . And she has n't rolled off of it yet , but I do n't turn my back on her , she wiggles too much .
 I have the Davinci products for their crib and changing table this was a gerat pad it even came with the belts attached . Easy to clean and perfect size .
 I have researched a lot of changing pads and even visited several stores to find the best changing pad for our nursery . We ordered this DaVinci pad sight unseen and my husband and I were very pleased with the quality as well as the size . My husband built a changing pad tray for it to fit down in and place on top of her dresser and it fits perfect . The extra few inches in length seem to make a big difference !
 This pad fits the Davinci changing table/dresser with just a small gap around it . It 's thick and does n't seem like it will tear easily . The original thin pad that came with the changing table ripped almost immediately . Although this was a little pricey , I would recommend it . Altogether , I 've been happy with this changer pad .
 Overall , I love this bag . There are lots of spaces for me to tuck things into . I bought this bag so that I could zip it onto the Kelty Convertible backpack/stroller while on vacation . You can not fill this bag and then zip it ont the carrier , which s what this bag was intended for . Instead , i just hung it by the staps over the handle bar .
 Great product , very well made . It is a little different than the picture though . the handles on top are not like the rope as shown , they are just flat nylon . Perfect size for a day pack and very comfortable to carry .
 I love this diaper bag ... it 's durable , large , has 2 nice size pockets for a nalgene size water bottle or babies bottle on both sides , a parent pocket for my wallet , What is best is it has options for how ever you want to carry it . For me I needed a backpack style so my hands could be free to hold one of my kids hand and carry the other . I pack heavy and there is always enough room for what I need plus more with this bag ... but it still fits under my stroller in the basket . It is great for 1 baby or 2 toddlers plus my stuff . I am on my second one in 4 years of everyday use . I broke the zipper forcing it :-LRB- I am also very rough on stuff . I got couple other diaper bags over the years and have tried them , but they just do n't compare . My husband loves it just as much as I do . I could n't find the 07 model anywhere but amazon had it and for half the price .
 I have tried every brand of diapers on my twins . . Pampers is the best ! They never leak and hold on tight while my babies run away ! I do n't have to worry about them breaking open and leaving behind a big mess . The pampers Cruisers Have gotten me through all my Toddler days ! I Love know that when one of my Toddles has a fall that their diaper will be there for the long hall!They are not Big or bulky and I Love being able to dress my Twins without the worry of having to dress them around the diaper!They have a great fit and so far my twins have not been able to take them off like a few other brands . ~ ~ Amazon.com makes it easy for me to buy diapers . . However I wish that they would get the price to stay one price . . and be able to keep these diapers in stock .
 I 've used Cruisers for my son since he was a newborn . I like them -- no problems with leaks , and they also do n't have the baby-powder smell of the Baby-Drys -LRB- also by Pampers -RRB- . Size 6 is sometimes hard to find in the supermarket , so I like to buy them online . If you buy them in the large box , you do n't have to dispose of extra packaging .
 I have to agree with the other person from MN . Pamper Cruisers are the best diaper on the market by far . Maybe someone should start a `` How to diaper '' class . LOL
 If they are leaking you need a larger size or better yet use pampers easy ups and start to potty train .
 I do n't know what the other two ladies are talking about . I have 6 kids in my care five days a week for 8-10 hours , plus my own 15 month old . I use Pamper 's Cruisers on all of them and have yet to have a leak . I guess it depends on the child and the person doing the diapering ! I 'd never buy any other brand .
 I LOVE THESE DIAPERS ... but I have had a couple leaks with them . I do like the baby dry because they NEVER Leak ... but the cruisers are SO NICE ! They smell good , I know that sounds silly - but they do ! And they stretch ! SO NICE ! Just a couple bad nights , but that doesnt stop me from buying them ! :0 -RRB- I just put my son in Pampers Baby Dry sz .3 at night to prevent leaks . :0 -RRB- You just got ta figure out what works for you . : -RRB-
 As an employee of P&G I can say !! you can not go wrong with this diaper . I am persoanally involved with the quality of this diaper and I can say that this diapers will go an extensive testing process before is even considered to get out in the market . I have a precious 17 month old baby girl and I would not buy anything else for my baby . We have tried the others only to find out that we have to get up in the middle of the night to change her diaper either because of leaks or simply the diaper could not take anymore . If you are in the market for the best look no more .
 It is cheaper for me to buy my diapers from Amazon and have them shipped to me using the Super Saver Shipping . I save quite a bit of money doing it this way . Also , it 's really nice having the diapers delivered right to my door : -RRB-
 I 've tried Huggies supreme and regular Pampers . I had problems with my son leaking while wearing Pampers at a VERY early age -LRB- 0-2 months -RRB- . Then my wife and I -LRB- we -RRB- switched to Huggies supreme . The held back leakage better , but still would occasionally and when a Huggies would be left on over some time -LRB- ie extended outings or though the night -RRB- they left all those absorbant crystals on my son . I think I tried Cruisers out of default because it was the only one available in his size one time . We loved them ever since . No crystals , even when the diaper is SATURATED ... none ! We do get the occasional leak , but not like before.If you 're having trouble with your current diaper , give these a try . You and your little one will not regret it . Worst case , just switch back to your old ones . Good luck .
 These are the best diapers among all the Brand.I have tried Huggies and Luvs with my first child and experienced a lot of leaks.Then i tried these and now would not use anything else.I previously bought them at Costco or Toys R Us.Then i discovered that Amazon sold them for the same price as Costco and cheaper than toys r us and whats more they are shipped free . So now i have them conveniently delivered home.Even though i chose super saver shipping i received them in less than a week
 I have tried so many differnt brands and styles of diapers , but nothing compares to Pampers . Especially Pampers Cruisers ! I will never buy ANYTHING other than Pampers again . These diapers fit my baby boy perfectly , no sagging , no tearing , no leaking ! Soft , Stretchy , and Durable ! Great price too , lower than most discount stores . A must have for all babies ! A + + + +
 These diapers are the best . My daughter is 1 and she has never had a leak . Plus , this super saver shipping is great , as long as that is around , I 'll never buy my diapers in a store again . How much more can you ask for as a busy mom or dad - diapers shipped right to your door for free !!!!
 Cruisers is the brand the I prefer over others . I love the strechy sides and the ease of refastening . Buying through Amazon is fast , easy and convenient . I usually bought at Costco , but found out Amazon sells for the same price , -LRB- I did n't even know Amazon sold diapers -RRB- , with no tax and no shipping fees . Plus , there brought right to my door . Ca n't get better than that . The only negative thing I can say is that from the first time I ordered to the next time , the price had gone up $ 2.50 , but I figured if I added the tax from having to buy them at Costco plus my time and gas cost , it still works out better getting them from Amazon .
 They 're soft , and flexible , and they do n't leak . We 've tried a few different brands including huggies , and these are the only ones that make it through the night without a leak for our little guy . After 18 months , we 've had almost no diaper rash with Pampers.Also , getting them through Amazon means one less bulky item to haul home from the store , and if you choose the free delivery option , you still end up paying less than the best deal you 'll see in a grocery store .
 I am willing to pay more for these Pamper 's cruisers because they are just the best . We tried so many other brands and my son would always leak out of them . These just seem to fit him perfectly . And once a friend told me about ordering them online , I was so excited . What an easy and cost effective way to get these diapers ! You not only get more for the buck , but also the shipping is free ! I could n't ask for more ! From now on , I will definitely be on here ordering these diapers ! Thanks Amazon and Pampers for doing this !
 I almost exclusively use Huggies for no other reason than I was able to get a bunch of them on sale in many different sizes . My mother had Pampers Cruisers at her house for my 8 month old son and I liked how much they gave at the hip and imagined them being more comfortable for him as he 's crawling and climbing and beginning to stand up and down . When I ran out of size 3 Huggies , I ordered these . I like the Cruisers very much , but did n't give them a five as maybe 1 in 20 the tab will rip off and make the diaper useless . It is not the end of the world -- but it is a premature end to that diaper !
 Great diapers , if you are from NYS it is cheaper to buy it on amazon.com than in Babies r us .
 The product is excellent , no other diaper compares . If you buy enough to get free shipping , it actually cost you less to have them delivered than to go to the store and buy them . Great way to save gasoline , and time .
 biggest box ! cheapest i found $ $ for each diaper . i got free shipping and no tax . would buy again .
 ordered pampers for grandson , yes they arrived in 2 business days but the only reason I ordered this product was to assist my daughter , offer stated I would receive a $ 30.00 coupon which I have ` nt receive as of yet . order placed 1st week of March . False advertizement
 We 've been using these for almost 2 years and I have no complaints , except that I ca n't wait until we dont have to use them anymore : -RRB-
 These fit realy well and are a ton better than Luvs . Def worth the price .
 First a package was $ 10.29 / 10.49 , then $ 7.49 -LRB- sale -RRB- and now it 's $ 10.29 on sale with a 20 % discount!Go fool somebody else Amazon . I can buy a package for that price at the drugstore around the corner !
 Just what the baby needed for Christmas , will be back to get more in a few weeks . Fast shipment , thank you !!!!
 These are the only diapers that we have found that do n't leak . Use ` subscribe and save ' to buy them 15 % off , which is less expensive than Walmart and Target .
 As a mom of 5 Boys , I offer my experience with disposable diapers.I imagine myself having to wear diapers all the time and look for the best fit which I feel equals the best comfort . I have found that a great fit PLUS often changes equals no or minimal leaks.In order to achieve a great fit you need to start with the correct size . I have found that the numbers on the box mean nothing ! YOur babies height and frame size really determine which size your baby needs . It is usually a lot of trial and error but I have always purchased the next size well before my babies were actually the weight stated on the packaging.Sagging , that is , when the crotch hangs down makes for a very uncomfortable diaper . Huggies supremes have the elastic in the back of the diaper which tends to hold the diaper up better , but I have discovered that there is so much padding between the legs that this style simply does not work for boys.The wide stretchy sides that pampers cruisers have make achieving a perfect fit very easy ! Although , sometimes I have to roll the back of the diaper back a bit to get that perfect fit . If pampers had a little bit of elastic in the back , they woudl be perfect ! Also , the padding inside is trimmer in the crotch area making it not as bulky.I also love the new woven liner . It is very soft . I do n't know if it serves any other purpose but I feel better putting someithing soft and somewhat airy on my little baby.I have tried Pampers Baby Dry , Huggies Baby Shaped and Supreme , Luvs , Walmart 's Brand , and CVS premium . I am all about saving money where I can but I also want baby to be comfortable.I have found all disposable diapers to be pretty much the same and no matter what brand you use , they all serve their purpose . With all the different types I have tried , I have never disliked any one enough to not use the entire pack . In fact , if I go to purchase diapers and there is an irrestible sale on another brand , I will purchase them and only buy a small pack of cruisers . I mix them up in our changing area and end up using both types . Sometimes I have three and four varieties mixed in there.I do have to admit , the Pampers Cruisers are my first choice and always the ones I am reaching for first . I like the way they smell and especially the way they fit , even more now that Luca is up and Cruising around . They are the only ones I have found to not sag and shift with our toddler 's many busy antics and movements.Hope this helps!Rosemary Bertinelli
 I had my son in Huggies for the first year or so , then switched to Pampers cruisers and am very happy with the change . The papmers are lighter weight than the Huggies and I have had less leaks with the Pampers . As for sizing , I 've found that all these diapers vary even though they say they are all the same size . For example , a size 4 diapers goes from smaller to larger with the following progression
 My second baby finds me a wiser more diaper educated parent and this is the only diaper for us . I tried the cheaper huggies and even cheaper luvs and eeww . Leaks galore and a suspiciously high incidence of rashes . I am so ticked off that our local Costco is not carrying the Pampers # 3 anymore but Amazon saves the day ! With the free shipping its worth every penny .
 These diapers really fit my daughter well , and very rarely has she had any leaks . However , you 're better off shopping around , as you should be able to find this size diapers cheaper almost anywhere else . $ 29.99 for a 124 pack is not a good deal .
 So basically Pampers has done it again and released a new `` bigger and better '' value pack to disguise a price hike . The old pack was 148 diapers for ~ $ 34 , or $ 0.23 / diaper . Now it 's 160 for ~ $ 42 , or $ 0.26 / diaper . It 's a good thing cruisers are so much better than any other diaper out there , because I am put off by their deceptive marketing practices . I do n't even mind the price hike , I think they are worth it . . it 's the way they try to hide it that bothers me.Edit , 5/5/06
 My 5 year old autistic son is just starting to potty train , but he still needs to wear diapers most of the time . The size 6 cruisers are the only size 6 diapers that will fit around his 5 year old frame . They do not leak .
 Snugger fitting than Target brand , Seventh Generation , and Huggies . Not one accident . Thick and absorbant . No chafing . Great elastic waistband and tabs stick firmly . Faint , but pleasant , scent . No complaints at all from our little girl . Yes , it costs a bit more , but absolutely well worth it .
 I have tried so many differnt brands and styles of diapers , but nothing compares to Pampers . Especially Pampers Cruisers ! I will never buy ANYTHING other than Pampers again . These diapers fit my baby boy perfectly , no sagging , no tearing , no leaking ! Soft , Stretchy , and Durable ! Great price too , lower than most discount stores . A must have for all babies ! A + + + +
 My husband and I have tried all kinds of diapers and I have to say that in general Pampers have just WORKED for us . I mean I have very little complaint with their diapers -LRB- with the exception of their newborn diapers which did n't work with either our skinny son or chubby daughter . -RRB- But about the Cruisers . Absolutely first rate absorbency . We used these at night with both children until they turned three and had only one leak in all that time -LRB- and I think that was an ` installment ' problem dad had -- LOL -RRB- . -LSB- At three we switched over to Pamper 's Goodnites . It was just easier to get the kid 's into them and the waistband is more comfortable . -RSB- Five Stars . Best diaper on the market from our experience .
 I am by no means a `` Brand Snob '' - I buy Target Brand Formula and shoes from Walmart . However , when it comes to diapers , I will ONLY buy Pampers for my 1-year old daughter . In my attempt to save money , I did try numerous other brands like Huggies , Luvs , and Walmarts ' White Clouds . Pampers simply are the most absorbent and Leak-Proof Diapers you can buy . In my experience , Huggies are simply not as good as drawing away moisture from your child 's tender skin and they produce tiny `` gel-like '' granules when they become wet which is a bit worrisome . My second child got Horrible Diaper Rash from wearing Huggies when she was a newborn - I 'm talking about a RAW and RED bottom . I switched her to Pampers and the rash went away.And unlike my first child who did n't mind frequent diaper changes -LRB- LUVS worked fine with her -RRB- , my second child DETESTS them . She will scream and twist her body . So , to be honest , I do n't change her unless she has a `` soiled '' diaper or a wet diaper that is FULL . Sometimes she 'll go 3-4 hrs in a pair of Pampers and she 's totally fine . AND I HAVE NEVER HAD THEM LEAK . I would ba afraid to try that with any other brand . Yes , they cost a bit more but in my opinion , they are worth it !
 We started out with pampers because they are the diapers we received in the hospital . We fell in love with them right away , but wanted to see if there were any other brands that might be just as good for cheaper . The answer is NO ! Huggies bulk up right after they use them . My daughter got a rash from the grocery store brand . This by far are the best diapers on the market !
 Pampers Cruisers / Swaddlers make wonderful diapers . I 've tried Huggies , Luvs , and a no-name brand , and they just do n't compare -LRB- neither do Pampers Baby Dry -RRB- . Cruisers / Swaddlers are the only diapers that I never had to worry about leaking -LRB- Huggies and Luvs both have -RRB- , and they are absorbent enough that I do n't have to wake my daughter up halfway through the night for a changing.Although the prices have gone up and down , ignore the 1-star reviews ... If they did n't want to buy these diapers , then they would n't be complaining about the price - just another way to show how good they are . These diapers are 5-stars all the way !!
 Pampers works best for us . $ 7.50 is the best deal I have found around and since it is elegible for free shipping , I just bought 4 packs.That is even cheaper than buying in bulk at babies r us down the road . Thanks AMAZON !
 This is a great product because the extra tab makes for added stretch without allowing leakage ... what a great idea .
 I found the cruiser diaper is good , but the amozon shipping is too slow , almost take one or 2 month .
 These are wonderful diapers . They do n't leak and do n't pinch my baby 's skin like some other diapers have . With the free shipping that makes them all the better .
 These Pampers Cruisers are the best diapers for when your baby is starting to crawl and walk and move around alot . They move with your baby , instead of holding him back . Believe me , we 've tried every type of diaper out there , and these are the best !
 Since you get a free shippping , it 's cheaper than local Sam 's Club . And , the shipping is really fast too .
 I LOVE THESE , MUCH BETTER THEN HUGGIES.MY SON 'S DELIVERIES ALWAYS STAYS IN THE DIAPER . CA N'T SAY THE SAME FOR HUGGIES .
 These are great diapers , but not at the new price of $ 10.49 . They were great at $ 7.49 , but they 're now cheaper at Target , Sams and many other places , even with tax !!
 When you write a review it 's for the product , not the price . I will agree when they are on sale for $ 7.49 for a pack it is a deal -LRB- also when they have a size 3 which they never have ! -RRB- !!! My baby is long and when I used the huggies supreme it seemed as if they were n't long enough for him . These diapers are super absorbant and not even my pee monster can leak through these ones!So once again , if you want quality diapers where you never have to worry about leaks , then buy these . Buy them at amazon -LRB- when they are $ 7.49 -RRB- or buy them at Target with a coupon ... . just buy these ones !
 Great diapers ! I 've used these diapers for both my kids and noticed how the diapers are thinner and look different inside than they used to . However , the quality appears unchanged . We have had no mishaps or leaks with the newest version .
 these are the best daytime diapers for us - very absorbent , hold ALOT of liquid - prefer Huggies overnites for night time diaper though - these leak when he 's sleeping for 10 hours -LRB- maybe thats why they are cruisers ? for waking hours ? -RRB- child says they are comfortable
 These are the only diapers that I buy for my son ! Pampers are the best . . no leaks -LRB- even overnight -RRB- , no rashes . I started with the swaddlers and moved up to the cruisers . I would n't trust my son 's bottom to any other diapers .
 Between the fit -LRB- not bulky , very comfortable , do n't leave marks -RRB- and the amount these can absorb without leaking -LRB- his overnight diaper usually weighs ~ 1.5 lbs -RRB- , these are the best diapers we have found . That said , they are slightly pricey , but not certainly not prohibitive when buying with the subscription plan . -LSB- Note
 Papmers Cruisers are the only diapers that I will use on my 18 month old twins ! Ihave 2 boys and the Pampers Cruisers are the only diapers that they do n't leak through at night or at any other time . They keep in even the messiest `` blowouts '' too ! I will never switch to any other brand !
 Great product -- does n't leak or bunch up . Cheaper & more diapers/pack than you can buy at the store plus I do n't have to leave home to get them !
 First off the new design on the diaper is cool . Not to say the old one was bad but its nice to see change . Pampers still work # 1 as always . I mean 9 months and not a single explosion evar ! FTW!The Amazon Subscribe 'N Save makes it so much easier to deal with baby supplies like Pampers . Instead of having to drive around to find good deals or worry about `` stock '' at your favourite Tegrat store you just get your Diapers on schedule when you need them and the prices are extremely competitive.Lastly having to lug around a huge box of diapers , fit them into the car , drive them home , and finally bring them in . That alone is a HUGE bonus to me . As they say time is money . I 'd rather be spending my time with my baby at home rather than shopping .
 We tried other brands , trying to get cheaper diapers . Guess what ? They stink . Our son is almost 2 and a half now , and I can count the number of bad diapers we 've gotten from Pampers on one hand . When we tried Huggies , we had more bad diapers in one box than we 've had in ALL the boxes of Cruisers & Swaddlers we 've had . . Definitely not crappy at all , at least until after the kids have worn them for a bit . : -RRB-
 I love these diapers over any other disposable . They are very absorbent and the Cruisers allow my baby to crawl around with ease .
 This is the only one really keep my son dry whitout liking ...
 Pampers are by far the best diapers that we have used and are certainly worth 4 stars . The reason I gave them only 4 is because of the price . I can get them at Costoc , Sams Club or at Babies R Us . Now I am getting Pampers by doing subscribe and save program - Amazon delivers a Pamper box right to the door every month ... but its still little costly , I would hope they would look at their price .
 works well first for my boy and now my girl . Could we chance it with a lesser diaper ? Maybe , but WHY when these work so well , and no blowouts -LRB- parents know what that can mean ... -RRB-
 Pampers Cruisers can not be beat . Even after a full night of sleeping my 4 months old diaper still feels dry inside even though you can tell by the puffiness of it that it 's saturated . I use Desitin with every diaper change but I have to say that I wonder if I even have to with these diapers . His tush never feels wet.I ordered 6 cases of these diapers at this price on a Friday morning at 10:30 and got an email Friday night that they had already shipped . Today is Monday and I received 4 of the 6 cases today , the other 2 will be here tomorrow . I do not have any complaints about the shipping , price or quality of these diapers .
 These diapers are awesome , if I was n't always after the lowest price , I would always buy these :0 -RRB- There is stretch on the sides that is amazing , you will love them !
 It seems like my little one has been in the Size 3 Pampers Cruisers forever ! Had I known , I would have ordered a whole year 's worth from the start ! Anyhow , these diapers are great . Love the stretchy tabs and the fit around the legs . Never had a problem with leaking or overfilling ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 We are using pampers cruisers for my son since 18 months . And he is 2 now . First six months we used pampers swaddlers . Then we switched to pampers cruisers . We tried huggies , pampers baby dry and kirkland -LRB- which are availalbe in costco for cheaper price -RRB- in the middle . But nothing matched pampers cruisers . whenever we used huggies or kirkland for my son he use to get diaper rash and he always felt unconfortable . So we decided not to go with any other brands other than pampers cruisers .
 I used the Cruisers for all my children and found they were the best , even though they cost a little more . The Baby Dry and Huggies did not have enough `` bend '' to them so I found them restrictive . These are much softer and flexible .
 Great ! We use this brand diapers with both of our daughters and I typically order them online b/c it 's cheaper than in stores and they ship so quickly I get them before I need to make a mad dash to the store when we run out .
 I 've had great luck with Pamper diapers , they seem to fit my larger babies beter than the others . I 've tried Luv 's and I think we had blow outs almost every time , so just was n't worth the hassel or worry . Huggies worked alright , but they seemed to fit smaller on my babies , so we would always have to go up a size . So for all you mothers out there that have the cutie chunky monkey babies , I would recommend these Pampers Cruisers or the newer Pamper Baby Dry with the elastic tabs -LRB- they have improved them with the new stretch and find they are almost as good as the Cruisers -LRB- and a bit cheaper -RRB- They just seem to fit a smidge smaller than the Cruisers . My oldest baby -LRB- 21 months -RRB- have even gone down a size in diapers by using the Pampers Cruisers -LRB- we had been using the Huggies baby shapped because we got them at a good price at Sams ' Club -RRB- . Just watch the price on the Cruisers and Baby Dry 's . Amazon has great prices with the plus of them delivering them to your house . We did however find the Pampers Cruisers and Pampers Baby Dry on sale at Kmart recently that ended up being cheaper ; and then with a coupon-even better . So if you happen to find time , watch for the sales at the other stores , but otherwise Amazon has great prices , service and shipping - we 've been completely happy with everything that we 've purchased ! Only giving them a 4 star because of the price otherwise it would be a 5 !
 This particular brand and size are excellent for my nephew ; he 's a big boy . PLUS , the other benefits are that he does n't get a rash after wearing Pampers and they are a more comfortable fit .
 This jumbo box of diapers is so convenient !! It gets shipped right to your door and the price is comparable to any store around . What 's better than not having to lug a big box home from the store and knowing you have a good supply of diapers on hand ?
 These diapers are wonderful . My daughter and her husband have eleven months old triplets , two boys and one girl . We use these diapers because the soft elastic does not mark their little thighs and they absorb the wetness without irritating their delicate skin.Thank you.Grandma Mare
 We try to watch our finances so it seemed obvious to try different brands and types of diapers to save money . We 've tried every brand and store brand we could find & you know what ? The Pampers Cruisers are worth every dime . Too bad they do n't make Swaddlers in this size - they 're even better . Even with Cruisers , though , there are no worries/hassles/leaks like the other brands ... The cost here is about the same right now as Costco but you get the luxury of having them delivered for free at Amazon -LRB- right now at least ! -RRB- Watch for the special pricing at Amazon - when they 're running these they 're the best deal in town -LRB- if not , they can be pretty pricey though . -RRB-
 The Cruisers Size 4 is thin , large , and soft . Very good product . Also it 's easier to put on than others since my daughter resists diapers .
 These diapers are great . You only get a few diapers less than the amount in a case of Baby Dry , but the Cruisers are much nicer for baby . They 're softer and have a stretchy waist , which must be more comfortable . I have n't had any leaks so far when using these diapers , even when using them an entire night . They also do n't get as bulky as Huggies when full . Too bad there is n't a diaper with a gasket to hold in those blowouts , but until then , I 'm happy with the Cruisers.Edited 11/28/05
 Quality wise , there 's no better . Price wise , outrageous . Local stores sell them for cheaper in weekly sales . Amazon price flactuation is huge . One day they 're $ 7 then next $ 12 ! Overrated .
 2 out of 3 of my children used Huggies Supreme b/c they felt so silky and soft but Huggies recently changed the design of the diaper -LRB- the 2 front entend tabs are gone -RRB- which has caused them to bunch up in the front and leak . A friend of mine introduced me to Cruisers and I love that they are a perfect fit , no bunching and no leaking . However , Cruisers are not as soft as Huggies . I am happy that they do not feel like plastic but Cruisers has a paper-bag kind of feel . I also do not like the fragrance . I like odorless diapers -LRB- do n't we all ? -RRB- I will stick to Cruisers b/c they fit well and do not leak -LRB- very important ! -RRB-
 These are by far the best diapers available . I especially recommend this diaper for those of us who are a bit lazy in the diaper changing department . These diapers can hold a ton without leaking . As for Amazon 's service , diapers were supposed to `` Ship within 24 hrs '' . Diapers actually took almost a month to get to me . I had to go to a store to buy several packs to keep from running out . Complaining to Amazon did not help .
 I 've been using Pamper 's Cruisers for my son since he was 6 months . They have never leaked , and fit him comfortably . The stretchy sides are great when he blows out his stomach which makes it impossible to get a tight fit in other diapers .
 I am so sad to see this price jump for the second time back to 10.49 . I know four people that I can name that always buy diapers on here and all of them have complained to me about how ridiculous this price hike is . Just sad ! Bad amazon . =-LRB- ~
 Best diaper I found . I have a boy whom is now 2 & this diaper and the regular pampers are the only 2 that I have found do not leak , especially for boys in the front , since he was born . I tried Luvs , CVS , Huggies brands & they all leaked in the middle of the night so I 've been faithful to these . Just wish pampers would be more competitive on their high priced diapers as compared to their competition .
 But beware ! Amazon ships them very slow so order enough in advance . Mine will take almost 2 months to arrive - ordered them on Feb 9th , Amazon excused themselvs and promised delivery by April 4th .
 These diapers are now the only ones I 'll ever buy . They are very soft , the tabs STAY on , and they move with my 2 year old without coming loose or leaking . Ive tried MANY other diapers and nothing adds up to the quality of these cruisers . The best part is that diaper rashes are way down -LRB- my baby has eczema -RRB- and there is no rubbing marks on the upper inner thighs like you get from cheep plastic diapers .
 I have tried many brands and they all ended up leaking for both of my boys . Even though they are the most expensive , this is really the best diapers around . The price is not bad considering the free shipping .
 While the pricing isnt different from any other local grocery store . The ability to have it delievered to your door is great . No need to run out to the store and generally is not the only purchase so shipping can be free .
 no leak like hugies , although some silicon will come out if you dont change diaper often , but still better than hugies , with hugies , every morning , my baby 's clothes and the bed would get wet , it just cant hold that much urine.and hugies flip too hard , always hurt baby 's skin .
 I always used Pampers and I think it 's wonderful that they are delivered to your door . It ' makes a mother 's life easier .
 I have been a fan of Pampers since my son leaked through a Huggy as a newborn . Pampers have been fantastic -LRB- there has to be some up side to changing poopie diapers ! -RRB- And I will only buy diapers through Amazon.com . I LOVE the free Supersaver Shipping -LRB- and now the Prime Shipping -RRB- , and especially LOVE not having to go hunting for the ` right ' size or style -LRB- Cruisers -RRB- , or schlepping a big box of diapers home from the store .
 We love Pampers Cruisers ! When our twins were born , we tried several brands to find the best value for the money . We quickly learned that Pampers was the only diaper that really worked for us and that buying cheaper imitations was n't going to save money in the long run . Now we only buy Pampers!It is important to remember that every child 's body is different and so different diapers might work better or worse on different bodies .
 Love them , I use them for both of my boys .
 I love this brand of diapers . My baby has just started to crawl and i have not had a single leak . They hold up pretty well and i have had no rash or any such problems.I got them when amazon was having extra 30 % off subscribe and save so got them at a great price .
 Compared to other cheaper brands I 've tried , this has the best absorbency.The only downside is that even though the label says that it is for babies up to 28 lbs , it is a bit too small in the waist for my baby who is only 21 lbs , so I have to order up a size next time .
 Pampers Cruisers are the only diapers that work for my grandson . All the others , Luvs , Huggies , and regular Pampers , leak . I would n't buy any other kind than Pampers Cruisers and my daughter and son in law agree.Also , I highly recommend ordering diapers from Amazon . They cost less than in the store and you do not have to carry them home in an already overcrowded trunk when you do your monthly shopping trip to the warehouse stores . . I signed up for a subscription , and with that discount , and the Amazon discount , the price can not be beat .
 I just love these diepers ! There are light , not bulky , good absorbency , and soft -LRB- not like Huggies -RRB- . I tried many different types , but keep coming back to Cruisers !
 Subscribe & save service for diapers works out well . I recommend it to parents who do n't like the ` firedrill ' experience of running out , last minute to replenish .
 Pampers have the best fit , capacity and leak protection . Our daughter -LRB- mostly -RRB- wears them at night because we choose to wear more economical brands during the day to save money -LRB- Target brand is half the price , even with the Amazon 's Subcribe and Save -RRB- . However , if I had unlimited funds , I would prefer having her in Pampers 24/7 -LRB- we 've tried Luv 's , Kirkland , Huggies , 7th Generation and White Cloud/Walmart Brand -RRB- . They get 4 out of 5 because they are not the most environmentally friendly disposable and are expensive .
 Cruisers are so comfortable for my daughter . They feel comfortable and they mold nicely to her body . They also do n't leak even through the night which could be up to 10 - 11 hours . Other diapers feel rough and are stiff when putting them on her .
 Pampers are not the cheapest diapers , but they have worked the best so far , and we have tried several other premium brands . The Cruisers seem to be the same quality as the Swaddlers , which we also used . They are softer than others , and fit much , much better . I highly recommend these diapers .
 I have tried just about all of teh diaper brands out there . These hold up the best with leeks . Every diaper would leave my son soaked by the morning except these . they have only leak a few times . Much better than all the rest . They do deposit a little bit of lint but the trade off is worth it . My son is a very active 2 year old and these diapers do n't stop his movement at all . I am very happy with these diapers and have been using them exclusivly for the last year and a half .
 for me it is the best way to supply diapers ! love it ! price is competitive , and box arrives write to your door , just need to order earlier .
 I love this product . They have been fitting my daughter for almost a full year now . She , her father and I all love them .
 No leaks , no leaks , no leaks !!! Fit is perfect for my 16 month old son .
 It is so convenient to have diapers delivered to my door with free shipping through Amazon . Just remember to order before you run out ! Pampers have consistently been more leak proof than any other diapers my son has worn .
 I have tried so many diapers , including store brands which were supposed to be identical to Pampers Cruisers . So far , nothing beats the original Cruisers . The elastic sides stretch to provide a perfect fit , and in 1 year I have had almost no leaks . My nephew who I watch one day a week uses huggies and his diaper leaks all the time . Pampers has definitely won my loyalty .
 We have tried just about every diaper -LRB- usually just pick up anything if we are out -RRB- and then we always end up back with the Pampers Cruisers . Great product and great to get them shipped to our door .
 I have 2 babies under the age of 3 , and I can attest to the quality of this product . Cruisers are the only diapers worth buying , and I have both a boy and a girl . No matter what , buy Pampers Cruisers .
 I have been a loyal customer of Pampers and never regret it . With two kids , one and two years old , pampers cruisers never dissappointed me . . I recommend it to everyone who wants both comfort and leakage protection for their babies .
 We have used pampers cruisers for both of our girls and they have the best price/performance ratio of any we have found . Amazon 's free shipping is a plus , since it is a bear to go out in the winter sometimes for a diaper run .
 I have a 5 month old son who has been in size 3 diapers for a couple of months now . I go through a case of diapers each month which to me is not bad . I have tried other kinds of diapers - frankly they all seem to leak when my son has one of his blowouts . Now that he is only pooing every other day I dont think any diaper would be able to control it ! So with all of the laundry I have to do I appreciate just being able to order more diapers online and have them shipped to my door . Thanks to everyone for your reviews !
 With the free shipping , it ends up being cheaper than going to the store to buy the diapers . Plus them come right to my door , so I do n't have to worry about going out in this cold anyway . It 's really a great deal and they get them out to me so fast , I ca n't express enough gratitude .
 Pampers has the best diapers for babies ! They fit baby comfortably , and no overnight leakage . The best quality sold - thank you Amazon for making them available in more affordable quantities .
 When my son was born , I tried a variety of diapers , and Pampers just ended up being a better fit for him . My son has big poops , and the higher back on the Cruisers ensures it does n't leak over the top -LRB- a problem I had with Huggies and a Costco brand -RRB- . My son is taller than average , and quite active - we like how the diaper moves and stretches with him.What I 've realized from talking to other moms is that because kids body shapes are so different , you really need to try out a few different brands until you find the right one . Some friends of mine swear by Huggies , for example .
 When my daughter was born , I bought 1 pack of every name brand and a few generics and tried them all ! There was absolutely no lingering question about quality - Pampers Swaddlers -LRB- called Cruisers in larger sizes -RRB- . The Absorb Away Liner can not be matched ! My baby never has diaper rash , and rarely leaks -LRB- there is the occasional explosive mess , no matter what brand -RRB- . I even tried Huggies again because they 're more affordable at Costco , but we had diaper rash within 24 hrs ! I desperately wish they were n't so expensive , but they are seriously worth the quality and my daughter 's comfort ! Be sure to take advantage of the PAMPERS2 -LRB- $ -LSB- ... -RSB- off a $ -LSB- ... -RSB- purchase & free shipping -RRB- . I agree with the delay in shipping - I ordered 1 size 4 and 2 size 5 's . The 5 's only took 2 days , but the 4 's I need have no ship date yet . Be sure to order in advance !
 I love this diapers , baby is very comfortable in it . And I love amazon free super saving shipping -LRB- they promise to delivet in 5-10 days , but it takes only 2-3 days !!! -RRB- , the last package I got next day after ordering !!! Thanks amazon.com for great service !
 We have 4 kids - 2 boys and 2 girls . My oldest is four . We have used a lot of diapers over the last four years . We have found the cruisers to be expensive but worth it . The elastic bands provide a snug but comfortable fit and keep in poop and pee the longest . The time and effort needed to change a dirty outfit far outweigh the savings of using cheaper , lower quality diapers.You may find that if your baby is narrower or wider that other diapers do fit him or her better . Also , some people find that the difference between boys and girls peeing patterns make a diference in choice of diapers . Personally , we have found Pampers cruisers the best choice overall . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I simply could not find sz 6 Pamper Cruisers in the stores in the large boxes . Amazon 's quantity and free shipping is so convenient . My order arrived speedily too .
 Great diapers at a great price . What a help to have them delievered right to your door .
 I like these best for my 20lbs baby boy , these diapers do not give him a diaper rash unlike others I have tried ,
 I have ordered pampers cruisers from Amazon a few times . It is seriously convienent for me . By the time I 'm finishing up one box , another is delivered . And they work great for my 15 month old son . It dones n't irritate him and he can move freely . Only thing I dont like is that it can sometimes leave a little lint down there . But other than that , it 's great for me !
 Still have n't found a disposable diaper that keeps the poo from going up the back . We tried the Cruisers because they were on sale . They are better-fitting than the baby dry and seem to be a bit easier to get him into as a result . I 'm not sure that they 're any more comfortable for him after the first five minutes , though , and if the poo is going to go up the back , this diaper wo n't contain it any more than any other disposable we 've tried . For me , not worth the price premium , but probably the best disposable out there .
 Other diapers did n't seem to catch any explosions up my baby girl 's back . Pampers did ! We started using Swaddlers and when she grew out of that size range wondered what we would do . These have the same mesh-like interior of the Swaddlers , just not the same super-soft exterior . I also like that they are less bulky than other diapers we have had .
 I LOVE BUYING THIS HUGE BOX OF DIAPERS . AND I LOVE THE FACT THAT I CAN GET IT THE NEXT DAY WITH OUT GOING TO THE STORE.THANK YOU AMAZON .
 We received samples for several types of diapers when our daughter was born but Pampers has always worked the best . With other diapers we had problems with leaks and the diaper moving a lot , but we have never had any issues with the Pampers products . They are the best .
 Ca n't beat these prices and door-to-door delivery . If you combine subscribe and save deals with Amazon coupon sales , you get free shipping and the box of diapers typically comes in 48 hours in my experience . Diaper shopping made easy and cheap !
 With the 30 % deal when you subscribe and save plus the promo code , it makes it worth it because they are $ 25 with free shipping !! Cheaper than Target , plus you do n't pay for the gas .
 Amazon seems to be mucking with the system . This item used to be eligible for the subscription service at a discounted rate . They cut that service , and shortly thereafter , they eliminated the Prime 2-Day shipping . Amazon , remind me what the benefits of Prime membership are again ?
 These diapers are really good and works great for my son . The only downfall is that they do not have elastic - switch to Huggies improved fit if your little guy has the runs .
 I love Pampers Cruisers . My daughter used them until she was potty trained and they were great . When my son outgrew the Swaddlers , I bought Cruisers . We went through one large box and then I tried some Huggies . Then , when I switched back to Cruisers I noticed an irritation developed on my son 's stomach , at the top of the diaper . After a week , this `` irritation '' spread all over his bottom , to his back , and around his hips . It did not respond to diaper creams . His pediatrician diagnosed a yeast infection . The rash did not responed at all to the antifungal ointment that was prescribed or to the OTC antifungal that was subsequently recommended . I tried watching his diet and did n't introduce any new foods , I let him air dry when I changed his diaper , and I kept calling the nurse to see what we should do next . -LRB- I should add that my son does not seem to have sensitive skin ... it has not been affected by soaps , detergents , or anything else . -RRB- After a few weeks , I realized that this rash was everywhere that the diaper touched , but not in creases , and there was even a white line where the elastics run along his butt . But everywhere else was an awful rash . I decided to switch diapers to see if the Cruisers were the problem , and within a week the rash was completely gone . This is after six or so long weeks of fighting this itchy rash . I had ruled out the Cruisers as the culprit because we had used a large box previously without incident . I 'm not sure what happened , but the diapers in the new box did look a little different than the ones in the first box we used . I hope that this can help other parents to identify the cause of this rash before having their child suffer through a rash for so long . I do n't think I had ever heard of a baby being allergic to diapers .
 Cruisers are great ! I hardly ever get blowouts , even during the times when my baby was exclusively breasfeed . At 15 months now , my little one is quite active and cruisers have held up very well , from all her pulling , tugging , rolling and climbing . My only complaint is that the cruisers from Amazon are not as absorbent as the cruisers from BJs and Target . I immediately noticed the difference when I opened the box . The diaper from Amazon felt thinner . I 've been using the cruisers from Amazon for two days now and find myself chaging diapers more frequently -LRB- every two hours , up from every 3-4 hours -RRB- . I do n't know if Pampers recently made any changes to the cruisers line or maybe the ones from Amazon are just manufactured more cheaply -LRB- hence , the better pricing at Amazon -RRB- . I would love to hear your thoughts on this ! Bottomline
 I HAVE BEEN USING PAMPERS SINCE DAY 1 WITH SWADDLES IN THE HOSPITAL TO PAMPERES CRUISERS NOW.THEY ARE THE BEST AROUND.NO LEAKS EVER NO RASH .
 I am a 12 year old boy who wears diapers 24/7 becuz i have incontinence . I am small for my age and have a 27 '' waist . Depends and Attends leaked but Pampers Cruisers size 6 fit perfect . They hold a lot of pee pee , and are also good for messes .
 Pampers are the best diapers in existence . They hold in everything they are supposed to , have a nice fabric-y texture -LRB- not plastic-y -RRB- , the fasteners open and close as much as you want without tearing the diaper , and they even have a nice scent .
 we bought all our diapers on amazon but after this ridiculous incease there 's no reason to . Even Duane Reade is cheaper ! -LRB- if you use a coupon -RRB- . Shame on amazon.The diapers are the best , no doubt .
 I saw one review that said that these diapers leaked for a larger child . When the diaper can no longer hold what your child is releasing , it 's time to move up in diaper size despite the recommended weights on the packaging . My son has been in a size 4 in Cruisers since he was 4.5 months old , and he 's now 15 months old . We had to go up to a size 4 that early because it could n't hold everything that was coming out , and we have not had one problem since ! But he 'll soon be moving up to a size 5 even though there are no leak problems . He 's just getting too big for the 4s now .
 Amazon is out of size 3s right now in these , and I am so upset about it ! I never thought I would be a person to be so loyal to a product like diapers , but these are the softest and most absorbant diapers . We have never had a leak with these , unlike just about every other brand . My baby can sleep 12 hours at night and wake up dry . They are truly the best !
 Price was $ 7.49 a few weeks ago , now $ 10.49 ???
 Great diapers I bought 14 packs !
